s__Escherichia coli
s__Klebsiella pneumoniae
s__Staphylococcus aureus
s__Salmonella enterica
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae
s__Acinetobacter baumannii
s__Pseudomonas aeruginosa
s__Mycobacterium tuberculosis
s__Enterococcus_B faecium
s__Enterococcus faecalis
s__Clostridioides difficile
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni
s__Listeria monocytogenes
s__Neisseria meningitidis
s__Vibrio parahaemolyticus
s__Streptococcus pyogenes
s__Mycobacterium abscessus
s__Listeria monocytogenes_B
s__Burkholderia mallei
s__Streptococcus agalactiae
s__Vibrio cholerae
s__Streptococcus suis
s__Staphylococcus epidermidis
s__Enterobacter hormaechei_B
s__Pseudomonas_E viridiflava
s__Campylobacter_D coli
s__UBA7173 sp001689485
s__Bordetella pertussis
s__Muribaculum gordoncarteri
s__Neisseria gonorrhoeae
s__Klebsiella quasipneumoniae
s__Wolbachia pipientis
s__Brucella melitensis
s__Akkermansia muciniphila
s__Ligilactobacillus murinus
s__Lactiplantibacillus plantarum
s__Enterobacter hormaechei_C
s__Legionella pneumophila
s__Alistipes muris
s__Alistipes sp002362235
s__Proteus mirabilis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp910585445
s__Francisella tularensis
s__Lepagella muris_A
s__Phocaeicola vulgatus
s__Duncaniella freteri
s__Bacillus velezensis
s__Citrobacter freundii
s__Klebsiella variicola
s__Alistipes sp009774895
s__Enterobacter hoffmannii
s__Duncaniella muris
s__Yersinia pestis
s__Bacillus subtilis
s__CAG-873 sp009775265
s__Paramuribaculum intestinale
s__Bacillus_A bombysepticus
s__Bacteroides uniformis
s__Muribaculum intestinale
s__Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
s__Prevotella sp002933775
s__Helicobacter pylori_C
s__Sarcina perfringens
s__UBA3263 sp001689615
s__Paramuribaculum sp910579185
s__Bifidobacterium longum
s__Lepagella muris
s__Lactobacillus crispatus
s__CAG-873 sp002490635
s__Enterococcus_B lactis
s__Serratia marcescens_K
s__Alistipes sp003979135
s__Helicobacter pylori_CN
s__Klebsiella michiganensis
s__Staphylococcus haemolyticus
s__Bacillus_A anthracis
s__Parabacteroides distasonis
s__Paramuribaculum sp910587185
s__Cronobacter sakazakii
s__Acinetobacter pittii
s__Haemophilus influenzae
s__Lactococcus lactis
s__Lactobacillus sp947171515
s__Cutibacterium acnes
s__Streptococcus equi
s__Taurinivorans muris
s__Helicobacter pylori
s__Kineothrix sp000403275
s__Bifidobacterium globosum
s__Burkholderia multivorans
s__Staphylococcus pseudintermedius
s__Odoribacter sp910578105
s__Mucispirillum schaedleri
s__Klebsiella aerogenes
s__Xanthomonas oryzae
s__Corynebacterium diphtheriae
s__Lacticaseibacillus paracasei
s__Pasteurella multocida
s__CAG-873 sp009775535
s__Bacteroides fragilis
s__Bacteroides acidifaciens
s__Prevotella rodentium
s__Duncaniella dubosii
s__Burkholderia cenocepacia
s__Bacteroides ovatus
s__Bovifimicola sp910583605
s__Klebsiella oxytoca
s__Faecalibaculum rodentium
s__Bacillus_A paranthracis
s__Helicobacter pylori_BU
s__Butyribacter sp009774235
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
s__Leptospira interrogans
s__Enterobacter roggenkampii
s__Duncaniella muricolitica
s__Pseudomonas_E avellanae
s__CAG-873 sp011959565
s__Paramuribaculum sp910586895
s__Bacillus_A cereus
s__UBA3282 sp003611805
s__Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus
s__Xanthomonas euvesicatoria
s__Limosilactobacillus reuteri
s__Lepagella sp002361155
s__COE1 sp002358575
s__COE1 sp000403215
s__Acinetobacter nosocomialis
s__Serratia nevei
s__RGIG4057 sp910577675
s__Lactobacillus delbrueckii
s__UBA7173 sp001689685
s__COE1 sp009774345
s__Streptococcus thermophilus
s__Vibrio alginolyticus
s__Suilimivivens sp910587295
s__UBA7173 sp013316675
s__Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum
s__Clostridium_F botulinum
s__Citrobacter portucalensis
s__Pelethenecus sp910579215
s__Acetatifactor sp011959105
s__Bacillus_A toyonensis
s__Akkermansia muciniphila_A
s__Bifidobacterium bifidum
s__CAG-873 sp910586995
s__Limosilactobacillus rodentium
s__Aeromonas caviae
s__Xanthomonas cissicola
s__Burkholderia ubonensis
s__Bacillus licheniformis
s__UBA3282 sp009774655
s__CAG-873 sp910577315
s__Enterococcus_B hirae
s__Lepagella sp002361215
s__Streptococcus mutans
s__Pantoea ananatis
s__Bifidobacterium breve
s__Enterobacter kobei
s__Agathobacter rectalis
s__Xanthomonas campestris
s__Burkholderia gladioli
s__Blautia_A wexlerae
s__Klebsiella grimontii
s__Mycoplasmoides pneumoniae
s__Suilimivivens sp000403495
s__CAG-873 sp009775135
s__Mycobacterium avium
s__Sinorhizobium meliloti
s__Mycoplasmopsis bovis
s__COE1 sp000403335
s__Turicimonas muris
s__Agrobacterium tumefaciens
s__Bacteroides muris
s__Hominiventricola sp009774145
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_S
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis
s__Bifidobacterium adolescentis
s__Staphylococcus hominis
s__Aeromonas veronii
s__Pseudomonas_E amygdali
s__Paramuribaculum sp001689565
s__Lactobacillus iners
s__Paramuribaculum sp910587425
s__Yersinia enterocolitica
s__Agrobacterium fabacearum
s__Pediococcus acidilactici
s__UBA3282 sp003612405
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum
s__Alloprevotella sp009775705
s__Staphylococcus argenteus
s__Citrobacter braakii
s__Bacteroides xylanisolvens
s__Parabacteroides distasonis_A
s__Burkholderia cepacia
s__Alistipes sp910575495
s__UBA3282 sp009774175
s__Bacillus_A wiedmannii
s__Lepagella sp910588245
s__Erwinia amylovora
s__UBA7173 sp002491305
s__Cryptobacteroides sp009774765
s__Oenococcus oeni
s__Glaesserella parasuis
s__Lepagella sp002491945
s__COE1 sp949066965
s__Eubacterium_R sp011958665
s__Leuconostoc mesenteroides
s__Enterobacter cloacae
s__Escherichia albertii
s__Mannheimia haemolytica
s__Ralstonia nicotianae
s__Petralouisia sp000403315
s__Aeromonas hydrophila
s__Paramuribaculum sp910579675
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002298075
s__Listeria seeligeri
s__Parabacteroides merdae
s__Helicobacter_C typhlonius
s__Xylella fastidiosa
s__CAG-873 sp910586975
s__UBA7173 sp910586565
s__Parabacteroides goldsteinii
s__COE1 sp003513705
s__RACS-045 sp910579785
s__Clostridium beijerinckii
s__Bacillus altitudinis
s__Turicibacter sp002311155
s__Rhodophyticola sp013179285
s__UBA3282 sp910575775
s__Enterobacter bugandensis
s__Limosilactobacillus fermentum
s__Moraxella catarrhalis
s__UBA3282 sp910588215
s__Staphylococcus capitis
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri
s__Phocaeicola dorei
s__Lepagella sp009775365
s__Morganella morganii
s__Lepagella sp009775375
s__Helicobacter_D ganmani
s__Mammaliicoccus sciuri_A
s__Hominisplanchenecus_A murintestinalis
s__Lactobacillus helveticus
s__COE1 sp009774395
s__COE1 sp910585765
s__Ligilactobacillus salivarius
s__Staphylococcus saprophyticus
s__Listeria monocytogenes_D
s__Serratia ureilytica
s__Streptococcus dysgalactiae
s__Coproplasma sp910586065
s__COE1 sp910588595
s__Ruminococcus_B gnavus
s__Bacillus safensis
s__UBA3282 sp009774215
s__Gallimonas sp910586985
s__Acetatifactor sp910585015
s__Aliarcobacter butzleri
s__COE1 sp009774375
s__Odoribacter sp910588375
s__Citrobacter_B koseri
s__CAG-873 sp910587235
s__Muribaculum faecis
s__Muribaculum arabinoxylanisolvens
s__Coproplasma sp910578765
s__Ralstonia solanacearum
s__Kineothrix sp910588855
s__Enterousia sp949082785
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae
s__51-20 sp910587405
s__Lactococcus cremoris
s__Borreliella garinii
s__Alistipes sp002358415
s__Rhizobium ruizarguesonis
s__Parasutterella muris
s__Paramuribaculum sp001689535
s__Vibrio crassostreae
s__Chlamydia trachomatis
s__CAG-873 sp001689665
s__Lepagella sp003979075
s__Anaerotruncus sp000403395
s__CAG-873 sp003979155
s__Granulimonas faecalis
s__Streptococcus suis_W
s__Micrococcus luteus
s__1XD8-76 sp910578085
s__Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis
s__CAG-115 sp910587465
s__Vibrio anguillarum
s__Roseburia_B sp003612565
s__Bacteroides hominis
s__Fusicatenibacter saccharivorans
s__Roseburia_B sp011959925
s__Borreliella burgdorferi
s__Xanthomonas phaseoli
s__MD308 sp910578455
s__Enterobacter cloacae_M
s__Odoribacter sp910589025
s__CAG-873 sp948665475
s__Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans
s__Acinetobacter indicus
s__Enterococcus_B durans
s__Listeria innocua
s__Lepagella sp910578385
s__Leptospira borgpetersenii
s__Vibrio vulnificus
s__Pantoea agglomerans
s__Elizabethkingia anophelis
s__Odoribacter sp009935865
s__Enterenecus sp910585265
s__CAG-873 sp910578365
s__Pediococcus pentosaceus
s__Klebsiella ornithinolytica
s__Pelethomonas sp014237695
s__Amulumruptor sp900539915
s__Escherichia fergusonii
s__Prevotella sp900545525
s__Duncaniella sp910577335
s__Bacteroides caccae
s__Bacillus_A mycoides
s__Providencia rettgeri_D
s__Yersinia ruckeri
s__RGIG8773 sp910586535
s__Levilactobacillus brevis
s__Lactococcus petauri
s__Streptomyces albidoflavus
s__Bacillus paralicheniformis
s__Coproplasma sp910583545
s__Xanthomonas arboricola
s__Bacillus_A tropicus
s__Acetatifactor sp910586835
s__Lepagella sp910584125
s__Coxiella burnetii
s__Pseudomonas_E alloputida
s__Enterobacter asburiae_B
s__Suilimivivens sp910579425
s__Bacteroides stercoris
s__Parasutterella excrementihominis
s__Staphylococcus warneri
s__Alistipes sp910577475
s__Anaerostipes hadrus
s__Kineothrix sp011958945
s__Mediterraneibacter faecis
s__Prevotella intestinalis
s__Hominimerdicola aceti
s__Coproplasma sp013316055
s__Enterobacter ludwigii
s__Ruminococcus_E bromii_B
s__Burkholderia vietnamiensis
s__Streptococcus uberis
s__Treponema pallidum
s__Treponema_D sp910584475
s__MGBC122484 sp910586855
s__Staphylococcus chromogenes
s__Vibrio diabolicus
s__Vibrio vulnificus_B
s__Roseburia_B sp910589105
s__Thomasclavelia ramosa
s__Eubacterium_R sp009774735
s__Eggerthella lenta
s__CAG-582 sp910588195
s__Acetatifactor sp948592185
s__Streptococcus suis_P
s__Staphylococcus lugdunensis
s__Acutalibacter muris
s__Enterenecus sp910587255
s__Lactobacillus sp910589675
s__Brachyspira hyodysenteriae
s__Dysosmobacter sp009774015
s__Escherichia marmotae
s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans
s__Enterococcus_D gallinarum
s__Acetatifactor sp910579755
s__Porcipelethomonas sp910588145
s__Alistipes sp910584485
s__Pelethomonas sp910587645
s__Acetatifactor sp003612485
s__Bifidobacterium infantis
s__MGBC122484 sp910587245
s__Petralouisia sp910576975
s__Haemophilus influenzae_E
s__Campylobacter_D upsaliensis
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_M
s__Caccovicinus sp910575565
s__Gemmiger formicilis
s__Riemerella anatipestifera
s__Mammaliicoccus sciuri
s__Thomasclavelia cocleata
s__Avidehalobacter sp022797295
s__Pseudomonas_E paracarnis
s__Odoribacter sp910578985
s__CAJUPY01 sp910588035
s__Gemmiger qucibialis
s__Acetatifactor sp910587755
s__Kingella kingae
s__Alistipes finegoldii
s__Lepagella sp009775355
s__Priestia megaterium
s__Odoribacter splanchnicus
s__Weissella confusa
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
s__Phocaeicola faecalis
s__Aeromonas salmonicida
s__Eubacterium_F sp910575665
s__UBA3402 sp002358555
s__Leclercia adecarboxylata
s__Alistipes sp910587675
s__Lepagella sp900760815
s__Mammaliicoccus lentus
s__MGBC161649 sp910587685
s__Sporofaciens sp910574885
s__MGBC100798 sp910588545
s__Enterousia sp013316395
s__Shewanella algae
s__Blautia_A fusiformis
s__Eubacterium_F sp948848225
s__Flavonifractor plautii
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
s__Angelakisella sp013316495
s__Stenotrophomonas sepilia
s__UBA3282 sp910579735
s__Hominiventricola sp009774135
s__Vibrio splendidus
s__Caccovicinus sp009774615
s__Prevotella copri_B
s__Anaerotignum sp910576545
s__UBA3282 sp910578475
s__UBA3282 sp009774585
s__Bacillus_A pseudomycoides
s__Avelusimicrobium sp910576915
s__Xanthomonas vasicola
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900317315
s__Providencia rettgeri
s__Bacillus inaquosorum
s__Bacillus pumilus_O
s__Enterococcus_D casseliflavus
s__Coproplasma sp910586035
s__Acinetobacter johnsonii
s__Alistipes onderdonkii
s__Leptogranulimonas caecicola
s__Serratia nematodiphila
s__Lactobacillus jensenii
s__Faecalibacterium longum
s__Staphylococcus ureilyticus
s__Coproplasma sp003979335
s__Bacteroides intestinalis
s__VSOB01 sp910589075
s__Pelethenecus sp900540705
s__Desulfovibrio sp009773975
s__JAGBWK01 sp004102805
s__Bacillus_A pacificus
s__1XD8-76 sp910573755
s__Agathobacter faecis
s__Salmonella diarizonae
s__Phascolarctobacterium faecium
s__UBA7173 sp910583675
s__Salinibacter ruber
s__Eubacterium_R sp910577215
s__Lactobacillus gasseri
s__Faecalibacillus intestinalis
s__Serratia marcescens
s__Mycobacterium intracellulare
s__Citrobacter werkmanii
s__Streptococcus salivarius
s__Streptococcus gordonii
s__Acinetobacter ursingii
s__Dubosiella newyorkensis
s__Alistipes putredinis
s__Burkholderia orbicola
s__Butyribacter sp910588655
s__Lactobacillus acidophilus
s__Faecalibacterium duncaniae
s__Clostridium_AQ innocuum
s__Limosilactobacillus reuteri_E
s__Acetatifactor sp910584375
s__Pectobacterium brasiliense
s__CAG-303 sp910577835
s__Weissella cibaria
s__Ruthenibacterium lactatiformans
s__Agrobacterium pusense
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum
s__Streptococcus salivarius_D
s__Haemophilus influenzae_D
s__Bariatricus comes
s__Dubosiella sp910585105
s__Streptococcus vaginalis
s__Muribaculum caecicola
s__Taurinivorans sp910577155
s__Propionibacterium freudenreichii
s__Acinetobacter radioresistens
s__Bifidobacterium animalis
s__Vibrio lentus
s__Burkholderia stagnalis
s__Duncaniella sp910584825
s__Ligilactobacillus ruminis
s__Helicobacter_C japonicus
s__Bacillus haynesii
s__Rhizobium laguerreae
s__MGBC124762 sp910579775
s__CAG-873 sp910576935
s__Enterocloster clostridioformis
s__Alteromonas macleodii
s__Parabacteroides sp900760525
s__Pseudomonas_E fulva
s__Vibrio fluvialis
s__Porphyromonas gingivalis
s__Acinetobacter junii
s__Staphylococcus simulans
s__Duncaniella sp910589485
s__Bacteroides caecimuris_A
s__Helicobacter_D rodentium
s__Rhodococcus qingshengii
s__Agathobaculum butyriciproducens
s__Burkholderia contaminans
s__Streptococcus iniae
s__Eubacterium_J sp910574915
s__JAFLTL01 sp910578395
s__MGBC100798 sp910584975
s__Eubacterium_F sp910584245
s__Fimenecus sp000432435
s__Rickettsia rickettsii
s__RGIG8773 sp910584715
s__Providencia_C stuartii
s__Bifidobacterium animalis_B
s__Scatocola sp910577205
s__Mesomycoplasma hyorhinis
s__Dorea_A longicatena
s__Fimenecus sp900540295
s__Brotaphodocola sp003611875
s__Ligilactobacillus sp945923665
s__Vibrio aestuarianus
s__Clostridium_F sporogenes
s__Xanthomonas_A translucens
s__UBA11524 sp000437595
s__Enterococcus_E cecorum
s__Lactiplantibacillus pentosus
s__An181 sp910585545
s__Burkholderia ambifaria
s__Lactobacillus amylovorus
s__Clostridium butyricum
s__Escherichia coli_F
s__CAG-873 sp009775225
s__Eubacterium_G sp910574895
s__Bacillus atrophaeus
s__Lawsonibacter sp910588635
s__Clavibacter michiganensis
s__Lactobacillus paragasseri
s__Leuconostoc citreum
s__Pectobacterium versatile
s__Rhodococcus equi
s__UBA3282 sp910577735
s__Bacteroides cellulosilyticus
s__Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens
s__Dubosiella muris
s__Providencia rettgeri_A
s__Coproplasma sp910577555
s__Chlamydophila psittaci
s__Vibrio campbellii
s__Vibrio cyclitrophicus
s__Petralouisia sp009774455
s__Aeromonas dhakensis
s__Butyribacter sp910579085
s__Dorea formicigenerans
s__Listeria_A booriae
s__UBA3282 sp910579395
s__Tenacibaculum finnmarkense_A
s__Limosilactobacillus reuteri_G
s__Bordetella holmesii
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_D
s__CAG-873 sp009775195
s__Mesorhizobium sp002294985
s__Barnesiella intestinihominis
s__Amulumruptor sp001689515
s__Staphylococcus xylosus
s__Kineothrix sp910585965
s__Haemophilus influenzae_H
s__Zag111 sp910584405
s__Rhizobium rhizogenes
s__Lachnospira sp910589305
s__Duncaniella sp910576785
s__Duncaniella sp910577345
s__Acinetobacter seifertii
s__Streptococcus sp001556435
s__CAG-475 sp910577815
s__Helicobacter_D apodemus
s__Prevotella sp900313215
s__UBA3402 sp910588505
s__Stenotrophomonas muris
s__Serratia bockelmannii
s__Roseburia inulinivorans
s__UBA7185 sp910585405
s__JAGBWK01 sp001915385
s__Eubacterium_F sp910589665
s__Pseudomonas_E asiatica
s__Latilactobacillus sakei
s__Eubacterium_F sp910574015
s__Blautia_A obeum
s__Clostridium sp910588715
s__Pelethomonas sp910579965
s__Pseudomonas_E protegens
s__Helicobacter_C hepaticus
s__Piscirickettsia salmonis
s__Phocaeicola plebeius_A
s__Serratia_J liquefaciens
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948851665
s__Actinobacillus lignieresii
s__Gallimonas sp910585595
s__CAG-217 sp000436335
s__Coproplasma sp910578195
s__Helicobacter pylori_CO
s__Bacteroides eggerthii
s__CAG-177 sp003514385
s__Campylobacter_D coli_A
s__Fimimonas sp910586625
s__Succinivibrio sp000431835
s__Otoolea fessa
s__Sodaliphilus sp004557565
s__Pseudomonas_E tremae
s__CAG-349 sp003539515
s__Acinetobacter soli
s__Mediterraneibacter torques
s__COE1 sp014239155
s__Acetatifactor intestinalis
s__Akkermansia massiliensis
s__Phocaeicola sp948566455
s__Bacteroides faecis
s__Lactobacillus mulieris
s__Hominicoprocola sp900317525
s__RACS-045 sp910584635
s__Corynebacterium glutamicum
s__Acinetobacter bereziniae
s__RACS-045 sp013316135
s__Vibrio harveyi
s__Ruminiclostridium_E siraeum
s__Brotaphodocola sp910584845
s__UBA3282 sp910578115
s__Alloprevotella sp002933955
s__MGBC118957 sp910584385
s__Eubacterium_F sp910589595
s__Fusobacterium_C necrophorum
s__Duncaniella sp910577255
s__CAG-510 sp003979355
s__Peribacillus frigoritolerans
s__Latilactobacillus curvatus
s__Acinetobacter towneri
s__VSOB01 sp910585345
s__Enterococcus_A avium
s__Helicobacter pylori_CP
s__Mycobacterium marinum
s__Akkermansia sp004167605
s__CAG-873 sp910577355
s__Acinetobacter amyesii
s__Blautia_A faecis
s__Megamonas funiformis
s__MGBC100174 sp910576895
s__Agrobacterium leguminum
s__Bacillus_A nitratireducens
s__Helicobacter_C sp910577135
s__Anaerocaecibacter muris
s__Campylobacter fetus
s__Priestia megaterium_C
s__Pseudomonas_E monteilii
s__Suilimivivens sp910579685
s__Eubacterium_J sp910577225
s__Suilimivivens sp009917455
s__Lactobacillus taiwanensis
s__Elizabethkingia meningoseptica
s__Pseudomonas_E juntendi
s__Lachnospira eligens_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp000433355
s__Sporofaciens sp910574715
s__Sutterella wadsworthensis
s__Otoolea muris
s__Bacteroides salyersiae
s__Acetatifactor sp910589655
s__Staphylococcus equorum
s__Phocaeicola sartorii
s__Megasphaera elsdenii
s__Roseburia_C amylophila
s__CAG-873 sp910583525
s__Stenotrophomonas geniculata
s__PeH17 sp000435055
s__Lactobacillus johnsonii
s__Parabacteroides sp910577325
s__Photobacterium damselae
s__Sporofaciens sp009774295
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale
s__CAG-873 sp910587915
s__Gallimonas sp910588615
s__Pseudomonas_E cerasi
s__Eubacterium_J sp910579075
s__Phocaeicola massiliensis
s__Cronobacter malonaticus
s__Dickeya dianthicola
s__Ochrobactrum intermedium
s__Lactobacillus intestinalis_A
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa
s__Enterocloster bolteae
s__Pseudophaeobacter_A gallaeciensis_A
s__Klebsiella terrigena
s__UBA3282 sp910575245
s__Lactobacillus sp945980025
s__Romboutsia ilealis
s__Coprocola sp910587735
s__Corynebacterium jeikeium_D
s__Wujia chipingensis
s__Sulfitobacter mediterraneus
s__Prevotella sp022741625
s__Pelethomonas sp910577915
s__Alistipes shahii
s__SFEL01 sp004557245
s__Enterenecus sp910587285
s__Phocoenobacter atlanticus
s__RGIG3002 sp910579805
s__Metamycoplasma hyosynoviae
s__Pseudomonas_E mandelii
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000635495
s__Prevotella sp000434975
s__Acetatifactor acetigignens
s__Coprocola sp910575055
s__Sphingomonas koreensis
s__Xanthomonas hortorum
s__Limosilactobacillus mucosae
s__Burkholderia thailandensis
s__Hominilimicola fabiformis
s__Streptococcus lutetiensis
s__Lactococcus garvieae
s__Mycobacterium gwanakae
s__Citrobacter_A amalonaticus
s__Coproplasma sp910577375
s__Gallimonas sp910578065
s__Otoolea symbiosa
s__Ochrobactrum anthropi
s__Lepagella sp910577585
s__Mesorhizobium wenxiniae
s__Bilophila sp910585945
s__Duncaniella sp910586305
s__Pseudomonas_E atacamensis
s__Xanthomonas fragariae
s__Duncaniella sp910587165
s__UBA7173 sp910584365
s__Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus_A
s__Streptococcus anginosus
s__Limisoma sp000437795
s__Phil1 sp001940855
s__Neisseria bergeri
s__Microcystis sp002282935
s__Paraclostridium sordellii
s__Salmonella arizonae
s__Enterenecus sp948670295
s__Alistipes sp910580175
s__Hominenteromicrobium mulieris
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp910585505
s__CAG-303 sp910584685
s__Burkholderia glumae
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910577995
s__Staphylococcus cohnii
s__Anaerobutyricum hallii
s__Pseudoalteromonas atlantica
s__Petralouisia sp910577785
s__CAG-196 sp023662705
s__Dysosmobacter segnis
s__Bilophila wadsworthia
s__Mycobacterium smegmatis
s__Vescimonas sp000435555
s__Serratia_L entomophila
s__Pseudomonas_E chlororaphis_I
s__Suilimivivens sp009911035
s__Paraprevotella sp910586505
s__Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum
s__Burkholderia sola
s__Limosilactobacillus vaginalis
s__Microcystis panniformis
s__Tidjanibacter sp910577285
s__Caccovicinus sp910585635
s__Shewanella xiamenensis
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900316555
s__Cutibacterium avidum
s__Leptospira santarosai
s__Streptococcus hominis
s__Alitiscatomonas sp900066535
s__Clostridium chauvoei
s__CAG-791 sp900317555
s__Bradyrhizobium elkanii
s__Prevotella caecicola
s__UBA7050 sp003979345
s__Mucispirillum sp910586745
s__Chlorobium sp903895195
s__Longicatena caecimuris
s__Nocardia farcinica
s__Clostridium saccharobutylicum
s__Sinorhizobium medicae
s__Chryseobacterium indologenes
s__Petralouisia sp011960065
s__Salmonella houtenae
s__Bacillus halotolerans
s__Aerococcus urinae_D
s__Prevotella copri_A
s__Bifidobacterium dentium
s__Tetragenococcus halophilus
s__Mesorhizobium sp006442685
s__Xanthomonas hortorum_B
s__Pseudobutyricicoccus sp910579575
s__Campylobacter_D coli_B
s__UBA3282 sp910585555
s__Ralstonia pickettii
s__Brotaphodocola sp009911065
s__Staphylococcus agnetis
s__Histophilus somni
s__Priestia zanthoxyli
s__Corynebacterium striatum
s__Coprococcus ammoniilyticus
s__Nocardia cyriacigeorgica
s__UBA3282 sp910586705
s__Rhizobium acaciae
s__Ruminococcus_E intestinalis
s__Mesorhizobium ciceri
s__Coprococcus aceti
s__Epibacterium mobile
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002874965
s__CAG-873 sp001689415
s__Butyricimonas virosa
s__Metamycoplasma hominis
s__Klebsiella planticola
s__UBA2882 sp910574745
s__Clostridium_F botulinum_A
s__UBA7173 sp910585755
s__Macrococcus_B caseolyticus
s__CAG-873 sp002491245
s__Escherichia ruysiae
s__Xanthomonas_A sontii
s__MD308 sp010206225
s__UBA10364 sp003045825
s__Vibrio breoganii
s__Acinetobacter haemolyticus
s__MAG-120531 sp000173115
s__Mediterraneibacter lactaris
s__Coproplasma sp910583855
s__Mesorhizobium muleiense
s__Chlamydia suis
s__Schaedlerella sp910574865
s__Ileibacterium valens
s__Pelethomonas sp910579485
s__Laedolimicola sp910576325
s__Stutzerimonas nitrititolerans
s__Collinsella sp002391315
s__UBA3282 sp910587095
s__COE1 sp009774245
s__Chlorobium sp005843835
s__Vibrio metschnikovii
s__Catenibacterium faecis
s__Cronobacter dublinensis
s__Alistipes sp910576555
s__Roseburia intestinalis
s__Limivicinus sp900317375
s__Eubacterium_F sp003491505
s__Adlercreutzia caecimuris
s__Clostridium botulinum_A
s__Gallionella sp903885165
s__Prevotella sp934191715
s__CAG-267 sp910576955
s__UMGS1370 sp910577645
s__Pantoea dispersa
s__Snodgrassella alvi
s__Flavobacterium odoratimimum
s__UBA710 sp002298905
s__MGBC164599 sp910575625
s__Streptococcus faecavium
s__Rothia mucilaginosa
s__PALSA-747 sp903899375
s__Prevotella melaninogenica
s__Lactococcus formosensis
s__Alistipes communis
s__Pseudomonas paraeruginosa
s__MGBC136627 sp910585935
s__RGIG4057 sp910577165
s__Acetatifactor sp910585615
s__Chlamydophila abortus
s__Helicobacter_C cinaedi
s__Eubacterium_R sp000436835
s__Staphylococcus arlettae
s__Hominisplanchenecus faecis
s__Bradyrhizobium canariense_D
s__Angelakisella sp910585525
s__Acetatifactor sp910585665
s__CAG-873 sp910587355
s__Corynebacterium accolens
s__CAG-873 sp910584905
s__Gallimonas sp910586675
s__Microcystis aeruginosa
s__Vreelandella aquamarina
s__Dysosmobacter welbionis
s__Thiodubiliella sp900128405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900317925
s__MGBC120929 sp910583735
s__Faecousia sp910589155
s__Bradyrhizobium japonicum
s__UBA4334 sp900316505
s__RGIG8607 sp910577045
s__Coproplasma sp910587365
s__Gastranaerophilus phascolarctosicola
s__Dysosmobacter sp910577405
s__GCF-000787395 sp000787395
s__CAG-103 sp000432375
s__Rhodococcus erythropolis
s__Staphylococcus schleiferi
s__Butyribacter sp910586605
s__Bacteroides congonensis
s__Butyribacter sp003611745
s__Hominiventricola sp910575445
s__Duncaniella sp910578515
s__Anthropogastromicrobium aceti
s__Bartonella henselae
s__Dorea_A amylophila
s__Rathayibacter sp002930885
s__Shewanella baltica
s__Ligilactobacillus agilis
s__Planktothrix agardhii
s__Dialister invisus
s__CAG-170 sp002404795
s__Alloprevotella timonensis
s__Tidjanibacter inops
s__Streptococcus intermedius
s__MGBC100798 sp910583995
s__Lachnospira pectinoschiza_A
s__Listeria welshimeri
s__Hominicoprocola fusiformis
s__Vescimonas coprocola
s__Acutalibacter sp910584745
s__Gallimonas sp910586655
s__Pelagibacter sp003209915
s__Oliverpabstia intestinalis
s__COE1 sp910579275
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_A
s__Bacteroides caecimuris
s__Streptococcus sobrinus
s__Methylopumilus universalis
s__Pseudomonas_E chlororaphis
s__CAG-873 sp910586595
s__Mycoplasma capri
s__Roseburia_B sp009911505
s__Veillonella atypica
s__Streptomyces rimosus
s__Francisella orientalis
s__Comamonas tsuruhatensis
s__Brotaphodocola sp910586205
s__Staphylococcus pettenkoferi
s__Prevotella stercorea
s__CAG-303 sp910585215
s__Acetatifactor sp910577185
s__Alloalcanivorax venustensis
s__Eubacterium_J sp910584345
s__Sulfitobacter pontiacus
s__Streptococcus gallolyticus
s__Hafnia paralvei
s__Streptococcus pasteurianus
s__Bacillus pumilus
s__Citrobacter youngae
s__Xenorhabdus bovienii
s__Parabacteroides johnsonii
s__Rikenella sp910577885
s__Hominiventricola sp009774155
s__Desulfovibrio sp900556755
s__Rhizobium dioscoreae
s__Prevotella sp003447235
s__Eubacterium_J sp009774535
s__Streptococcus infantarius
s__Bacillus_A mobilis
s__PALSA-747 sp903897155
s__Thiolapillus brandeum_A
s__RUG420 sp900317985
s__Phocaeicola coprocola
s__Pseudomonas_E putida
s__Clostridium cagae
s__Dysosmobacter sp910584995
s__VSOB01 sp910587635
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_E
s__Ruminococcus_C callidus
s__Enterocloster aldenensis
s__Streptomyces olivaceus
s__Scatovivens sp022790685
s__Comamonas acidovorans
s__Pseudomonas_E lactis
s__Sharpea azabuensis
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens
s__Veillonella_A sp000431435
s__Rhodococcus fascians
s__Geothrix sp903857495
s__Streptomyces bacillaris
s__Eubacterium_G ventriosum
s__Ruminococcus_C sp000433635
s__Prevotella pallens
s__Eubacterium_J sp910586445
s__Chlorobium sp005843825
s__Laribacter hongkongensis
s__Campylobacter hyointestinalis
s__Tetragenococcus koreensis
s__Francisella philomiragia
s__Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis
s__Lysinibacillus fusiformis
s__Pseudosulfitobacter pseudonitzschiae
s__Mesorhizobium sp003996995
s__Pumilibacter sp910587595
s__Avibacterium paragallinarum
s__Leuconostoc falkenbergense
s__Enterobacter hormaechei
s__Thermus scotoductus
s__Mycobacterium fortuitum
s__CAG-791 sp900320325
s__Gallimonas sp910586825
s__Pseudomonas_E veronii
s__Streptomyces californicus
s__Gallintestinimicrobium propionicum
s__CAG-873 sp910587545
s__Streptococcus equinus
s__Hafnia alvei
s__Pantoea stewartii
s__Holdemanella biformis
s__Prevotella sp015074785
s__Coproplasma sp910578145
s__Lawsonibacter sp910585815
s__Coprococcus_A catus_A
s__Onthomorpha sp004551865
s__Microcoleus sp004292955
s__Vescimonas sp000435975
s__Dysosmobacter sp910583785
s__Faecousia sp000434635
s__Eubacterium_F sp910584875
s__Faecalimonas umbilicata
s__Pseudomonas_B oryzihabitans
s__Adlercreutzia rubneri
s__Clostridium_H botulinum_B
s__Schaedlerella sp910575475
s__Prevotella sp900318625
s__Butyrivibrio_A crossotus
s__Streptococcus macedonicus
s__Phaeobacter inhibens
s__Acidaminococcus intestini
s__Brotaphodocola sp910575255
s__Aliivibrio fischeri_B
s__Ruthenibacterium sp013316265
s__Dorea_D sp011960265
s__Acetatifactor sp910584235
s__Mesorhizobium sp000502715
s__Polynucleobacter sp903935355
s__Marinobacter nauticus
s__Veillonella nakazawae
s__Thiodiazotropha endolucinida
s__Pseudomonas_E mosselii
s__Lactococcus_A carnosus
s__Corynebacterium ulcerans
s__Citrobacter gillenii
s__Turicibacter sanguinis
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa_B
s__Stenotrophomonas indicatrix
s__Prevotella sp002265625
s__Porphyromonas pasteri
s__Desulfovibrio sp910584445
s__Bacillus sp002998085
s__Borrelia miyamotoi
s__Roseburia hominis
s__Weissella paramesenteroides
s__Sporofaciens sp000403455
s__UBA7748 sp900314535
s__Dickeya solani
s__Clostridium_G tetani
s__Bifidobacterium piotii
s__Veillonella parvula_A
s__Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
s__Sphingobacterium multivorum
s__LGRT01 sp001642945
s__CAG-115 sp910587135
s__UBA9145 sp001438145
s__Hominiventricola sp910583615
s__Wolbachia sp947251865
s__Alistipes_A hominis
s__CAIVUX01 sp903909215
s__Duncaniella sp001689495
s__Comamonas thiooxydans
s__Hyphomonas sp000682775
s__Sporofaciens musculi
s__Staphylococcus coagulans
s__CASDZP01 sp910588925
s__Kineothrix sp910587275
s__TMED14 sp002378565
s__RUG420 sp900317085
s__Staphylococcus pasteuri
s__Streptococcus ruminantium
s__Palsa-1447 sp903834135
s__Legionella fraseri
s__Pseudomonas citronellolis
s__Lentilactobacillus buchneri
s__CAG-177 sp003538135
s__Anaerobutyricum soehngenii
s__Lepagella sp002493515
s__Ensifer adhaerens
s__Hominicoprocola sp934835795
s__Enterobacter quasihormaechei
s__Taylorella equigenitalis
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_C
s__Rhizobium phaseoli
s__Campylobacter_D lari
s__Shewanella oncorhynchi
s__Dialister sp000434475
s__Pseudomonas_E lundensis
s__Streptomyces rochei
s__Pelethomonas sp910578505
s__Campylobacter_D lari_C
s__Alitiscatomonas sp009917545
s__Rikenella sp910579375
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900316045
s__Cryptobacteroides sp000431015
s__Prevotella sp900548195
s__Staphylococcus gallinarum
s__Borreliella afzelii
s__Ferrovum sp021798835
s__Enterobacter chengduensis
s__Streptomyces anulatus
s__Schaedlerella arabinosiphila
s__Enterococcus_D innesii
s__Thioglobus_C sp003489145
s__Limnohabitans sp903838355
s__Acidithiobacillus ferriphilus
s__Pelethomonas sp009774055
s__UMGS1994 sp947368535
s__JAMCPL01 sp023379725
s__Lachnospira hominis
s__Streptococcus constellatus
s__Bacillus_A cereus_U
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910577945
s__Faecousia sp003525905
s__Streptococcus suis_AE
s__Acutalibacter sp009936035
s__Plesiomonas shigelloides
s__MGBC143606 sp910587935
s__Planktomarina temperata
s__Liberibacter asiaticus
s__Moraxella_A cinereus
s__Fusobacterium animalis
s__Megasphaera sp000417505
s__Staphylococcus felis
s__UMGS1071 sp910577755
s__Photobacterium leiognathi
s__Enterobacter mori
s__Yersinia intermedia
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_Q
s__Muribaculum sp003150235
s__Vibrio coralliilyticus
s__W0P33-017 sp910589045
s__RACS-045 sp910578245
s__CAG-791 sp900317475
s__Parasutterella sp900552195
s__Pseudoalteromonas distincta
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_H
s__Corynebacterium amycolatum
s__Weizmannia faecalis
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_Q
s__Thiodubiliella sp001298715
s__COE1 sp910586585
s__Turicibacter bilis
s__Prevotella sp004556065
s__MD308 sp910575105
s__Proteus cibarius
s__Neisseria viridiae
s__Mitsuokella jalaludinii
s__D16-63 sp910588095
s__Bifidobacterium kashiwanohense_A
s__Phocaeicola sp959599425
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp002082305
s__Clostridium_B tyrobutyricum
s__Corynebacterium propinquum
s__Paenibacillus_H larvae
s__Streptococcus oralis_S
s__Photobacterium phosphoreum
s__Atlantibacter hermannii
s__CAG-103 sp900543625
s__Sporofaciens sp910587575
s__Petralouisia sp910588845
s__Neisseria lactamica
s__Acidibrevibacterium sp021851785
s__Pseudomonas_E piscium
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_E
s__GCA-2737125 sp903960135
s__M30B80 sp015693905
s__Leptospira kirschneri
s__CAG-115 sp003531585
s__Faecalimonas phoceensis
s__UBA3282 sp910586615
s__Hominiventricola sp910584205
s__Roseburia sp910577925
s__Lentilactobacillus parabuchneri
s__Enterocloster sp000431375
s__Prevotella copri_C
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900319655
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903870145
s__Carnobacterium maltaromaticum
s__Bacillus spizizenii
s__Tenacibaculum maritimum
s__Ochrobactrum_A pseudogrignonensis
s__Agrobacterium fabrum
s__Enterobacter quasiroggenkampii
s__Lysinibacillus capsici
s__Prevotella intermedia
s__Nitrotoga sp002470125
s__Rathayibacter toxicus
s__Stenotrophomonas pavanii
s__Methylobacter_C sp903863905
s__Pectobacterium polare
s__Rothia dentocariosa
s__Dysosmobacter sp910588005
s__Fusobacterium polymorphum
s__Paralachnospira_A sp910588405
s__Scatacola_A faecigallinarum
s__Brachyspira pilosicoli
s__Enterousia sp949878575
s__Adlercreutzia equolifaciens
s__Muribaculum sp910578835
s__Mycobacterium kansasii
s__Helicobacter_D pullorum
s__UBA4372 sp900766785
s__Thiovibrio sp903869265
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp000752675
s__Acinetobacter sp013417555
s__Leuconostoc gasicomitatum
s__Moraxella bovis
s__Pectobacterium carotovorum
s__Prevotella hominis
s__Polynucleobacter sp903944725
s__Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans
s__Staphylococcus delphini
s__UBA3064 sp002342365
s__Prevotella sp002251295
s__Flavobacterium columnare
s__Corynebacterium casei
s__Priestia megaterium_D
s__Roseburia_B sp910577065
s__Bacteroides clarus
s__Gallibacterium anatis
s__Acetatifactor sp910589035
s__Emergencia intestinalis
s__Pseudomonas_F otitidis
s__CAG-177 sp000431775
s__Leptospirillum_A rubarum
s__Bacteroides finegoldii
s__Acetatifactor sp910578815
s__Nanosyncoccus sp949101405
s__Lepagella sp910584525
s__Arcanobacterium phocae_A
s__Alitiscatomonas sp900066785
s__Campylobacter testudinum
s__Fischerella thermalis
s__Heyndrickxia sporothermodurans
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp910587345
s__Acidiphilium multivorum
s__Fructilactobacillus sanfranciscensis
s__Leuconostoc lactis
s__Sellimonas intestinalis
s__Microcystis panniformis_A
s__Burkholderia territorii
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AN
s__Coprocola sp910587195
s__Acinetobacter pseudolwoffii
s__Akkermansia biwaensis
s__Peptostreptococcus anaerobius
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp001989455
s__Prevotella pectinovora
s__Faecalibacillus faecis
s__Thiodiazotropha taylori
s__Campylobacter sp002139915
s__Vibrio europaeus
s__Butyricimonas paravirosa
s__Acinetobacter schindleri
s__Paramuribaculum sp910577465
s__Parafannyhessea sp902761955
s__CAG-791 sp900101015
s__Laedolimicola sp910587955
s__Neisseria polysaccharea
s__MGBC131033 sp910585655
s__Clostridium paraputrificum
s__Blautia_A sp003471165
s__Helicobacter_E suis
s__Faecousia sp900315595
s__Rhizobium brockwellii
s__Campylobacter_D hepaticus
s__Paenibacillus odorifer
s__Lactobacillus sp948500755
s__Clostridium tertium
s__Brevibacterium aurantiacum
s__Hungatella effluvii
s__Prevotella sp900543975
s__Campylobacter lanienae
s__Stercorousia sp910588555
s__Kineothrix sp910579935
s__Coproplasma sp910587825
s__Petralouisia sp910576385
s__Clostridium beijerinckii_E
s__Escherichia sp005843885
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae
s__UBA969 sp003671255
s__Bacillus_A albus
s__Enterobacter dissolvens
s__Providencia alcalifaciens
s__Sulfitobacter faviae
s__Holdemanella sp900556915
s__Anaerovibrio sp900548165
s__Anaerostipes caccae
s__Pseudomonas_E rhodesiae
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910586925
s__Dysosmobacter sp910579435
s__Rhodococcus ruber
s__Aerococcus urinae
s__Blautia pseudococcoides
s__CAG-170 sp000432135
s__Halopseudomonas aestusnigri
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900100595
s__Anaerotignum faecicola
s__Enterenecus sp910588105
s__Helicobacter pylori_A
s__Alexandriicola marinus
s__Eubacterium_B sulci
s__Lachnospira sp000437735
s__Comamonas aquatica
s__UBA7173 sp910584735
s__Pseudoalteromonas arctica
s__Commensalibacter melissae
s__Acutalibacter sp910589395
s__MGBC163016 sp910588945
s__Acetobacter fabarum
s__Corynebacterium hesseae
s__Ga6A1 sp900102385
s__Stutzerimonas frequens
s__Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae
s__UBA9926 sp003451575
s__Sulfitobacter geojensis
s__Clostridium_A leptum
s__Prevotella merdae
s__CAIKZZ01 sp903908265
s__Clostridium_H botulinum_A
s__Prevotella salivae
s__Blautia_A sp900066335
s__MGBC157735 sp910588155
s__Sphingomonas aquatilis
s__Pseudomonas_E simiae
s__Paraprevotella clara
s__Corynebacterium sanguinis
s__UBA3282 sp910584965
s__Serratia_J plymuthica
s__UBA7173 sp013316535
s__UBA738 sp003522945
s__CAG-873 sp910587925
s__QXXE01 sp009911355
s__CAG-873 sp910586455
s__Phocaeicola sp011959205
s__Lepagella sp001701295
s__Prevotella histicola
s__Rhodococcus pyridinivorans
s__C-19 sp910576855
s__Lepagella sp910578075
s__Muribaculum sp910589555
s__Schaedlerella sp910589385
s__Vescimonas cirricatena
s__Pectobacterium parmentieri
s__Fimimonas sp910587795
s__Streptomyces parvus
s__Stenotrophomonas hibiscicola
s__Listeria marthii
s__Enterococcus_D casseliflavus_A
s__Lysinibacillus sphaericus_A
s__Schaedlerella sp009911175
s__UBA3402 sp910575585
s__Campylobacter_B ureolyticus
s__Mobiluncus mulieris
s__CAG-873 sp900555715
s__CAINVV01 sp903854235
s__Intestinimonas butyriciproducens
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp903959665
s__Bacteroides sp910585845
s__Slackia isoflavoniconvertens
s__Cronobacter turicensis
s__Lawsonibacter asaccharolyticus
s__Methylumidiphilus alinenensis
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AB
s__Sulfobacillus benefaciens
s__Kosakonia cowanii
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicacearum
s__Paraclostridium dentum
s__UBA636 sp900321955
s__Eisenbergiella tayi
s__Intestinibacter bartlettii
s__Blautia celeris
s__UBA4334 sp900316975
s__RGIG4057 sp910587085
s__Rhodococcus kyotonensis_B
s__Citrobacter europaeus
s__Aeromonas jandaei
s__Catenibacterium mitsuokai
s__Mycoplasmoides gallisepticum
s__Bilophila faecipullorum
s__Streptococcus sp000187445
s__Pantoea gossypiicola
s__Butyribacter sp003529475
s__Shouchella rhizosphaerae
s__Fimiplasma sp910588165
s__CAG-873 sp001701165
s__Salmonella bongori
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A succinatutens
s__Vescimonas sp003487665
s__CAG-170 sp900545925
s__Lepagella sp910584545
s__Streptococcus sanguinis
s__Klebsiella quasivariicola
s__Ralstonia pickettii_B
s__Agrobacterium cavarae
s__Parasutterella gallistercoris
s__Evtepia sp910584805
s__Sutterella wadsworthensis_A
s__Faecalibaculum sp910588395
s__Achromobacter ruhlandii
s__Dolosigranulum pigrum
s__Edwardsiella piscicida
s__Pelethenecus sp910584005
s__Gemmiger sp900539695
s__Faecalitalea cylindroides
s__Tenacibaculum finnmarkense
s__Pseudomonas_E shahriarae
s__Romboutsia timonensis
s__Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense
s__Hominiventricola sp910587765
s__Petralouisia sp000403845
s__Huintestinicola butyrica
s__CAG-1024 sp000432015
s__UBA7109 sp910576335
s__MGBC164599 sp910588825
s__Chlorobium sp903869365
s__Arthrobacter ureafaciens
s__Alteromonas australica
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A succinatutens_B
s__CAG-196 sp002102975
s__Methylobacterium extorquens
s__Duncaniella sp002494015
s__Evtepia sp004556345
s__Cryptobacteroides sp000432655
s__Marivita cryptomonadis
s__Taurinivorans sp910578585
s__Alcaligenes nematophilus
s__Neisseria sp000186165
s__Vibrio owensii
s__Prevotella sp002409785
s__Polynucleobacter paneuropaeus
s__Bulleidia massiliensis
s__Bacillus_A cytotoxicus
s__Chlamydia muridarum
s__Desulfovibrio sp910575755
s__Acetatifactor sp910578185
s__RS62 sp002340675
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris
s__Succiniclasticum sp900315925
s__CAG-302 sp934162325
s__Bacteroides nordii
s__Polaribacter sp018663625
s__Dermatophilus congolensis
s__Rhodococcus opacus
s__Xanthomonas vesicatoria
s__Pelethomonas sp910579725
s__Lactococcus_A raffinolactis
s__Coprococcus eutactus
s__Mycoplasma capricolum
s__TCS55 sp002715035
s__Ellagibacter isourolithinifaciens
s__Sporofaciens sp910579015
s__Streptococcus suis_AA
s__Pseudomonas_E extremorientalis
s__Streptomyces anthocyanicus
s__Hominiventricola sp910584945
s__Thermus thermophilus
s__Lactobacillus intestinalis
s__Streptococcus parauberis
s__Yersinia kristensenii
s__Gilliamella apis
s__Rothia kristinae
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_G
s__RGIG7193 sp910586125
s__Prevotella sp002251385
s__SFDB01 sp004558825
s__Bifidobacterium catenulatum
s__Angelakisella sp900547385
s__Elizabethkingia miricola
s__Staphylococcus nepalensis
s__Anaerotardibacter sp000435675
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis
s__Alitiscatomonas aceti
s__Agathobaculum hominis
s__Aerococcus urinaeequi
s__Pelethomonas sp910587785
s__CAG-314 sp000437915
s__Corynebacterium stationis
s__Xylella taiwanensis
s__Scatovivens sp948678575
s__Phocaeicola coprophilus
s__Ventricola sp900542395
s__UBA3402 sp910579515
s__Dietzia cinnamea
s__Bacillus stercoris
s__Sporofaciens sp910575835
s__Kocuria rhizophila
s__Bradyrhizobium barranii
s__Alcaligenes faecalis
s__Bordetella hinzii
s__CAG-557 sp949068525
s__Balneola sp002364085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp004554455
s__Prevotella sp945863825
s__Ferrimicrobium sp027409005
s__Enterobacter sichuanensis
s__JAJZIR01 sp021810505
s__Campylobacter_D helveticus
s__Mesorhizobium sp003952425
s__Pseudomonas_E bubulae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp000432515
s__Burkholderia dolosa
s__51-20 sp910577095
s__Sodaliphilus pleomorphus
s__Gallimonas sp910588465
s__Geobacillus thermoleovorans
s__Phil1 sp004558525
s__Paramuribaculum sp910588065
s__Acutalibacter sp910587995
s__Streptomyces clavuligerus
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_H
s__Fimenecus sp004556705
s__Alloprevotella sp900539625
s__Pantoea brenneri
s__Adlercreutzia muris
s__Haemophilus_B ducreyi
s__Holdemanella hominis
s__Prevotella sp000436915
s__Pseudomonas_E protegens_A
s__Acinetobacter guillouiae
s__Riemerella anatipestifer_D
s__Ruminococcus_C sp000980705
s__Priestia flexa
s__Pseudomonas_E lurida
s__Lactobacillus gallinarum
s__Bacteroides pyogenes
s__QWPT01 sp003671075
s__UBA3402 sp910588865
s__Enterobacter asburiae
s__Phyllobacterium sp900472835
s__D2472 sp002358345
s__Eubacterium_R sp000434995
s__Ureaplasma sp910589685
s__Synechococcus_D lacustris_A
s__Roseburia_C sp910578885
s__Pelagibacter ubique
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BV
s__UBA3282 sp910588955
s__Mitsuokella multacida
s__Leptospira noguchii
s__Prevotella sp002251365
s__Clostridium_J sulfidigenes
s__Caccovivens sp022793335
s__Bifidobacterium swidsinskii
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001655615
s__MGBC122484 sp910587375
s__Chromobacterium violaceum
s__Neisseria perflava
s__Brachyspira aalborgi
s__Brochothrix thermosphacta
s__Faecalibacterium sp900539945
s__Fusobacterium_A mortiferum
s__Agathobacter sp900543445
s__Brotaphodocola sp910588125
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus
s__Cobetia amphilecti
s__Prevotella sp900546535
s__Empedobacter falsenii_B
s__Prevotella sp000436035
s__CAG-488 sp000434055
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AM
s__CANAAV01 sp910585415
s__Acidithiobacillus thiooxidans
s__UBA9611 sp002746355
s__Bifidobacterium pullorum_B
s__Acinetobacter oleivorans
s__Prevotella faecis
s__Pseudomonas_E jessenii
s__Acetatifactor sp910585805
s__Campylobacter_D sp016598935
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900546925
s__Suilimivivens sp910586025
s__Enterenecus sp910588495
s__Sphingobium yanoikuyae
s__Gordonibacter urolithinfaciens
s__Diaphorobacter nitroreducens
s__Suilimivivens sp910579495
s__Pseudoruminococcus massiliensis
s__Phenylobacterium sp020401865
s__F23-B02 sp000431075
s__RAAP-2 sp903848885
s__Mailhella sp910579055
s__AAA044-D11 sp903842675
s__Morganella morganii_A
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_T
s__Alloprevotella sp900540885
s__Intestinibaculum porci
s__Dialister succinatiphilus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp002493635
s__Corynebacterium parakroppenstedtii
s__Allorhizobium ampelinum
s__Hominiventricola sp910574965
s__Streptococcus vestibularis
s__Paratractidigestivibacter faecalis
s__Vibrio coralliirubri
s__Collinsella intestinalis
s__Pullibacteroides sp910586395
s__REDSEA-S09-B13 sp003447825
s__Dialister hominis
s__MS024-2A sp018646605
s__Anaplasma phagocytophilum
s__UBA3282 sp910578555
s__Eubacterium_F sp900539115
s__Hungatella hathewayi
s__Comamonas kerstersii
s__Scatocola faecipullorum
s__Helicobacter pylori_CJ
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas chitiniclastica
s__JAAVFS01 sp910584665
s__Actinobacillus equuli
s__Rothia aeria
s__Treponema_D porcinum
s__CAG-245 sp000435175
s__UBA2475 sp945887955
s__Serratia_A fonticola
s__Corynebacterium coyleae
s__Listeria ivanovii
s__Acetobacter pasteurianus
s__Trueperella pyogenes
s__Actinomyces naeslundii
s__Coprobacter fastidiosus
s__Lonsdalea populi
s__Vibrio metoecus
s__Dwaynesavagella sp000270205
s__Evtepia gabavorous
s__Phocaeicola barnesiae
s__Providencia_C vermicola_A
s__Duodenibacillus massiliensis
s__Photorhabdus laumondii
s__Prevotella copri
s__Poriferisodalis multihospitum
s__Idiomarina abyssalis
s__Pectobacterium aroidearum
s__Ruminococcus sp002362135
s__Geothrix sp903913215
s__Blautia coccoides
s__Helicobacter pylori_CQ
s__Marinobacter salarius
s__Proteus penneri
s__CAG-510 sp000434615
s__MAG-120802 sp002347935
s__Clostridioides sp020641055
s__Campylobacter_D concheus
s__Serratia_A fonticola_B
s__Dysosmobacter sp910585245
s__UBA5456 sp002410505
s__Petralouisia sp910585625
s__Bacteroides_I graminisolvens
s__Alistipes_A ihumii
s__Paramuribaculum sp910586475
s__Collinsella sp003466125
s__RAAP-2 sp003138815
s__Staphylococcus succinus
s__CAG-194 sp000432915
s__Lawsonibacter sp910589085
s__Vibrio jasicida
s__Pseudomonas_E fragi
s__Stenotrophomonas lactitubi
s__Photobacterium kishitanii
s__Anaeroglobus micronuciformis
s__Burkholderia sp002223055
s__Acetatifactor sp910583845
s__Cryptobacteroides sp004552965
s__CAG-475 sp000434435
s__Yersinia mollaretii
s__Caproicibacterium lactatifermentans
s__Butyricicoccus_A intestinisimiae
s__Zymomonas mobilis
s__Rhodoferax sp903828665
s__RGIG8607 sp910588535
s__Ferrimicrobium sp021806545
s__AG-414-E02 sp016764285
s__Vibrio mimicus
s__Clostridium_AP scindens
s__Caccovivens sp910584295
s__Rodentibacter pneumotropicus
s__DTSX01 sp012965065
s__Laedolimicola sp011959465
s__Alloprevotella sp004552865
s__Pelethomonas sp022800665
s__UBA2868 sp004552595
s__MGBC114844 sp910585255
s__Achromobacter mucicolens
s__Bacillus sonorensis
s__Acetatifactor sp910584865
s__Corynebacterium bovis
s__Bulleidia intestinalis
s__UBA10364 sp002387615
s__Phytobacter diazotrophicus
s__Desulfovibrio sp900319575
s__SFMI01 sp004556155
s__Vibrio furnissii
s__Anaerotruncus colihominis
s__Brevibacterium casei
s__Eubacterium_R sp000433975
s__UBA2256 sp001603165
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021819125
s__Blautia_A sp000436615
s__Thiomonas arsenitoxydans
s__Limnohabitans sp903861115
s__Fen-455 sp003140595
s__Citrobacter_A farmeri
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_AB
s__RAAP-2 sp003155915
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947570505
s__Roseburia_B sp910585825
s__Negativibacillus sp000435195
s__Yersinia massiliensis
s__Melissococcus plutonius
s__Pseudomonas_E helleri
s__Paramuribaculum sp009775605
s__Corynebacterium kefirresidentii
s__Bradyrhizobium ottawaense
s__Ventricola sp900542445
s__Parvimonas micra
s__Polynucleobacter sp943325205
s__PALSA-747 sp903838295
s__Zag111 sp950022695
s__CAG-873 sp910584495
s__Lactobacillus hominis
s__Lachnospira sp000436475
s__Enterococcus_B mundtii
s__Lactobacillus helsingborgensis
s__Finegoldia magna
s__Clostridium_AD estertheticum
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948477625
s__Streptococcus mitis
s__Streptococcus mitis_BM
s__CAG-266 sp019117495
s__Lawsonibacter sp949525845
s__Alistipes_A indistinctus
s__Vibrio crassostreae_C
s__Pseudomonas_E palmensis
s__CAIYYX01 sp903832735
s__Opi-474 sp903830425
s__F23-B02 sp004556755
s__Chlorobium sp903994525
s__Serratia_J proteamaculans_D
s__Mesosutterella multiformis
s__Enterococcus_B pernyi
s__Parolsenella uli_B
s__Bombella apis
s__Rhizobium lentis
s__Rathayibacter rathayi
s__Qipengyuania pacifica
s__Lactobacillus acetotolerans
s__Rhizobium sp900473185
s__Wolbachia sp000008385
s__Blautia_A caecimuris
s__Cryptobacteroides sp000434935
s__Aeromonas rivipollensis
s__UBA1217 sp902788805
s__Caballeronia zhejiangensis
s__Campylobacter sp945928165
s__Qipengyuania citrea
s__Sporofaciens sp910579925
s__Nocardioides sp001627335
s__Staphylococcus warneri_A
s__Dietzia maris
s__Eisenbergiella porci
s__COE1 sp001916965
s__Hominicoprocola sp003522105
s__Enterobacter cloacae_I
s__Prevotella copri_E
s__Dysosmobacter sp910589315
s__Petrimonas sp002356435
s__Corynebacterium macginleyi
s__Streptomyces scabiei
s__Acetatifactor sp910587555
s__Phytoplasma australasiaticum
s__Rhodococcus sp019835985
s__UBA6345 sp948806215
s__Egerieousia sp004561775
s__CAG-269 sp003525075
s__Staphylococcus borealis
s__Streptobacillus moniliformis
s__PALSA-747 sp903895995
s__Eubacterium_I ramulus
s__Winkia anitrata
s__Eikenella corrodens
s__Edwardsiella anguillarum
s__Pluralibacter gergoviae
s__Photobacterium angustum
s__Serratia_J proteamaculans
s__Thomasclavelia spiroformis
s__Anaeromassilibacillus stercoravium
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900319685
s__Eubacterium callanderi
s__Alistipes senegalensis
s__CAG-873 sp002478045
s__Enterenecus sp949494735
s__Pseudomonas_E pharyngis
s__CAG-170 sp003516765
s__Alteromonas mediterranea
s__CALYAK01 sp947648765
s__Bordetella avium
s__Bifidobacterium sp002742445
s__UBA2810 sp900317945
s__Acidithiobacillus_A caldus
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_I
s__Anoxybacillus flavithermus_G
s__Coproplasma sp910585705
s__Sulfitobacter sp029285175
s__Sulfuritalea sp903848955
s__Dolichospermum sp000312705
s__Mesomycoplasma hyopneumoniae
s__Enterenecus sp910588135
s__Scatovivens sp948517135
s__Streptomyces virginiae
s__Prochlorococcus_A pastoris
s__JACRCG01 sp903852495
s__Gilliamella apicola_N
s__Fannyhessea vaginae
s__Stutzerimonas xanthomarina_A
s__UBA2588 sp002723125
s__VSOB01 sp910587155
s__MGBC163490 sp910588075
s__Streptomyces griseoincarnatus
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318065
s__Aliiroseovarius crassostreae
s__UMGS1994 sp948465565
s__Pseudomonas_E oleovorans
s__UBA1711 sp900317125
s__Schaedlerella sp000403295
s__Lacticaseibacillus casei
s__Gilliamella apicola
s__CAG-448 sp003150135
s__Edwardsiella tarda
s__Staphylococcus caprae
s__Suilimivivens intestinalis
s__Vescimonas sp900545585
s__Proteus faecis
s__Streptomyces rubiginosohelvolus
s__RAAP-2 sp903871335
s__Rothia sp001808955
s__MGBC108787 sp910579535
s__Blastomonas delafieldii_A
s__Vreelandella titanicae
s__Rahnella aceris
s__Bacteroides sp902362375
s__Kineothrix sp910586275
s__CAG-791 sp900318875
s__Pseudomonas_E parafulva_B
s__Fimimonas sp948938605
s__Acidaminococcus fermentans
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_A
s__Pseudomonas_E guariconensis
s__S36-B12 sp002729215
s__Vagococcus fluvialis
s__Aliivibrio fischeri
s__Mesorhizobium sp004791165
s__PALSA-747 sp903852585
s__Vescimonas sp900313295
s__HTCC2207 sp002685195
s__Weizmannia coagulans
s__Ruminococcus_E sp934476515
s__Enteromonas sp900316365
s__Megasphaera sp001546855
s__Prevotella copri_F
s__Curtobacterium sp003234365
s__Achromobacter insolitus
s__Serratia_L ficaria
s__Pseudomonas_E capsici
s__Clostridium_AP sp000509125
s__Providencia huaxiensis
s__UBA3282 sp009774575
s__D37C17 sp012964845
s__Schaedlerella hominis
s__QXXE01 sp910589115
s__Kocuria palustris
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910587805
s__Allocoprobacillus merdigallinarum
s__Acetobacter oryzifermentans
s__PFJX01 sp903835655
s__Butyribacter intestini
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp020253445
s__Thalassospira xiamenensis
s__Pseudothioglobus singularis
s__Clostridium saudiense
s__CAG-273 sp003534295
s__Mammaliicoccus fleurettii
s__Suilimivivens sp009774465
s__Dehalococcoides mccartyi_B
s__Treponema_B denticola
s__Bilifractor sp900317175
s__Listeria monocytogenes_C
s__Acidovorax facilis
s__Butyribacter sp910585905
s__Staphylococcus hyicus
s__Anaerotignum sp001304995
s__Alloscardovia omnicolens
s__Bartonella quintana
s__Sphingobium xenophagum
s__UBA11774 sp003507655
s__Zag111 sp002103105
s__Coprococcus sp000154245
s__Angelakisella sp004557855
s__Carnobacterium divergens
s__Victivallis lenta
s__Snodgrassella communis
s__UBA953 sp903855995
s__MGBC163016 sp910588435
s__CAIPMZ01 sp903861715
s__UBA6398 sp003150315
s__Proteus vulgaris
s__Caccenecus sp910585045
s__Pumilibacter intestinalis
s__Microthrix parvicella
s__Faecalibacterium sp900758465
s__Priestia aryabhattai
s__Mixta calida
s__Burkholderia arboris
s__Luminiphilus sp002390485
s__Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens_A
s__Lentilactobacillus hilgardii
s__Cellulosimicrobium funkei
s__Pandoraea apista
s__Roseibium aggregatum_A
s__UBA3064 sp002359635
s__Haemophilus aegyptius
s__Fusobacterium vincentii
s__Bog-375 sp003142185
s__Acinetobacter venetianus
s__Aphodousia faecalis
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A synoviae
s__Otoolea saccharolyticum_A
s__Amylibacter sp000153745
s__CAG-492 sp000434335
s__Rhodococcus sp001942265
s__Acinetobacter fasciculus
s__Fonsibacter ubiquis
s__Coproplasma sp910579525
s__Brevibacillus_B laterosporus
s__PALSA-747 sp903898555
s__Aeromonas allosaccharophila
s__Clostridium_H haemolyticum
s__Parvibacter caecicola
s__Limivicinus sp003150355
s__Dellaglioa algida
s__Mesorhizobium sp004791585
s__PeH17 sp900542285
s__CAG-582 sp910577075
s__MGBC122484 sp910587175
s__CAG-882 sp003486385
s__JADJPG01 sp943332515
s__Coproplasma sp910588645
s__Luminiphilus sp009886815
s__QS-4-48-99 sp003021505
s__CAIRDP01 sp903916595
s__Francisella noatunensis
s__Brachyspira sp910578695
s__Enterococcus_A raffinosus
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp910584265
s__Tenacibaculum dicentrarchi
s__Aeromonas media
s__Ferrovum sp021796835
s__UBA7398 sp903878415
s__HIMB30 sp002691485
s__Cloacibacillus porcorum
s__Dysosmobacter sp910585385
s__Faecalibacterium sp900539885
s__Nanosyncoccus sp003979185
s__CAG-274 sp000432155
s__Pantoea anthophila
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282415
s__Capnocytophaga ochracea
s__JAJZBZ01 sp021816455
s__CAG-302 sp000431795
s__CAG-103 sp900757655
s__Allobaculum fili
s__Lepagella sp910583775
s__Lelliottia amnigena
s__Lacunisphaera sp903856725
s__Neisseria elongata
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp000431815
s__Anaerostipes amylophilus
s__CAIYZJ01 sp903930675
s__Leuconostoc suionicum
s__Mobiluncus curtisii
s__Leptospira weilii
s__Cupriavidus metallidurans
s__Pseudomonas_E edaphica
s__Enterococcus_B thailandicus
s__Methylobacterium radiotolerans
s__Mesorhizobium japonicum
s__Blautia stercoris
s__Geobacillus stearothermophilus
s__Alcanivorax sp900107995
s__UBA1405 sp022800935
s__Flavobacterium marinum_A
s__Mogibacterium_A kristiansenii
s__Edwardsiella ictaluri
s__Tateyamaria sp003445215
s__Stutzerimonas balearica
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900317845
s__Pseudothioglobus sp905182815
s__QYPT01 sp903834145
s__Aliarcobacter skirrowii
s__Anaerotruncus sp003612625
s__CAG-873 sp910578095
s__Wolbachia sp947250635
s__Lachnospira sp000436535
s__Anaplasma marginale
s__Enterobacter cancerogenus
s__COE1 sp910586405
s__Enterenecus sp910585155
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_J
s__Sodaliphilus sp900320055
s__Shewanella putrefaciens
s__Companilactobacillus sp022484265
s__Dermabacter hominis
s__Prevotella sp900552515
s__BACL14 sp000168995
s__Mesorhizobium sp004791025
s__Pseudomonas nitroreducens
s__Prochlorococcus_B marinus_B
s__Bacillus_A sp003400245
s__Mycobacterium conceptionense
s__Gordonia alkanivorans
s__OPU3-GD-OMZ sp001901525
s__Burkholderia semiarida
s__Gordonia hongkongensis
s__UBA636 sp002299675
s__1XD8-76 sp022799355
s__Ehrlichia ruminantium
s__Paracidovorax avenae
s__Sulfurovum sp020525365
s__Cereibacter_A sphaeroides
s__Pararoseburia lenta
s__Aerococcus urinae_B
s__Paenibacillus_B thiaminolyticus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp000435075
s__Methylotenera sp903882525
s__Bifidobacterium thermacidophilum
s__UBA954 sp002293155
s__Pseudomonas_E lijiangensis
s__Desulfovibrio desulfuricans_E
s__Nodularia spumigena
s__Pseudomonas_E orientalis_A
s__Collinsella sp003439125
s__Pseudoalteromonas ruthenica
s__UBA7109 sp910580235
s__Microcystis sp020245945
s__Dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis
s__Agrobacterium salinitolerans
s__Spyradocola merdavium
s__Limosilactobacillus oris
s__Avoscillospira_A sp022795735
s__Helicobacter pylori_CR
s__Eubacterium_G sp000434315
s__Limnobacter sp002954425
s__Alitiscatomonas sp910586315
s__Prevotella sp900316285
s__Eubacterium_R sp003526845
s__CAG-103 sp900317855
s__Streptococcus canis
s__Streptomyces mirabilis
s__Wujia sp002493625
s__Rhodococcus aetherivorans
s__Amedibacterium intestinale
s__Corynebacterium belfantii
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_I
s__Lepagella sp910589425
s__Helicobacter_E felis
s__Prevotella sp900314915
s__CAG-313 sp003539625
s__Raphidiopsis raciborskii
s__QIAJ01 sp003162935
s__Nitrospira_A sp900170025
s__Prevotella bryantii
s__Apibacter sp002964915
s__Prevotella sp900316645
s__Acetatifactor sp910580225
s__JAJZJT01 sp021798955
s__Acetatifactor sp910588225
s__CAG-269 sp000431335
s__Brevundimonas diminuta
s__UBA4588 sp002387605
s__Methylopumilus_A sp903953055
s__Acinetobacter sp003410005
s__Nanosyncoccus sp013316435
s__Acetatifactor aquisgranensis
s__Neisseria subflava
s__Veillonella hominis
s__UBA3402 sp003478355
s__UBA5195 sp903838415
s__Lactobacillus apis
s__Campylobacter ovis
s__Alteromonas sp002335925
s__Denitrolinea symbiotica
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp910588335
s__Wolbachia sp902636535
s__Ruminococcus_C sp000437175
s__Psychrobacter faecalis
s__JABEUN01 sp013044385
s__Kocuria rosea
s__AAA044-D11 sp903871555
s__Suilimivivens sp910585005
s__UMGS1071 sp900542375
s__Pectobacterium odoriferum
s__Hornefia butyriciproducens
s__JAKAVV01 sp021817145
s__Staphylococcus carnosus
s__Micromonospora chalcea
s__HGM16780 sp900538765
s__Stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila
s__Ralstonia syzygii
s__Mesorhizobium sp004020645
s__Sediminibacterium sp009920495
s__Flagellimonas sp013407935
s__UBA4572 sp021840555
s__Ligilactobacillus animalis
s__UBA738 sp004557735
s__Merdibacter merdipullorum
s__Providencia rustigianii
s__Gilliamella apicola_E
s__Kineothrix sp910578405
s__Leptospira_A levettii
s__Eubacterium_G sp000435815
s__Prevotella sp900315095
s__Sediminibacterium sp903831935
s__Allorhizobium cremeum
s__Caecibacter massiliensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902594635
s__Lactobacillus panisapium
s__Pantoea vagans
s__JAKABX01 sp021809805
s__Mesorhizobium mediterraneum
s__Campylobacter_B sp017934385
s__Xanthomonas_A albilineans
s__Serratia_J quinivorans
s__PeH17 sp004556165
s__Sediminibacterium sp903819975
s__UBA953 sp903835965
s__UBA12225 sp002347925
s__UBA1711 sp900317285
s__UBA644 sp900547165
s__Mammaliicoccus vitulinus
s__Pseudomonas_E proteolytica
s__Pseudomonas_B luteola
s__Streptomyces papulosus
s__Macrococcus_B canis
s__CAG-582 sp910587065
s__Vescimonas sp900552475
s__Ruminococcus_E sp003438075
s__Anaerostipes hominis
s__Enterocloster sp900541315
s__Vibrio nigripulchritudo
s__REEB76 sp021792635
s__Bifidobacterium crudilactis
s__Peptoniphilus_A harei_A
s__Enterocloster sp001517625
s__Yersinia alsatica
s__Vibrio navarrensis
s__Brachyspira sp910588665
s__Limimorpha sp900769945
s__Pantoea septica
s__Photobacterium carnosum
s__UBA4572 sp021820445
s__Massiliimalia sp910579175
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_K
s__UBA11957 sp910588295
s__Eubacterium_R sp900542875
s__Proteiniphilum propionicum
s__Eubacterium_T pyruvativorans
s__CAIKZZ01 sp903884235
s__Fusobacterium_A varium
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903845935
s__Prevotella nigrescens
s__VSOB01 sp009774625
s__Clostridium sp000435835
s__Blautia_A acetigignens
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280965
s__Lactiplantibacillus paraplantarum
s__Vescimonas sp900545495
s__Chordicoccus sp900314565
s__Megasphaera massiliensis
s__QYPT01 sp009700405
s__Prevotella nanceiensis
s__Brotaphodocola sp003478505
s__AG-339-G14 sp902613455
s__UBA3402 sp910585645
s__Evtepia excrementipullorum
s__Enterenecus sp910588625
s__Vescimonas sp003539495
s__MGBC164599 sp910588775
s__Zag111 sp002102825
s__Dolichospermum flosaquae
s__Ruminococcus sp002438605
s__Ureaplasma urealyticum
s__Ferruginibacter sp002381005
s__Anaerotardibacter sp000436075
s__Tropheryma whipplei
s__Acinetobacter variabilis
s__Campylobacter_D lari_D
s__UBA3031 sp905478365
s__CAINEC01 sp943332105
s__HIMB11 sp003486095
s__Burkholderia diffusa
s__Aggregatibacter aphrophilus
s__Sarcina ventriculi
s__Achromobacter insuavis
s__RF16 sp900319025
s__UBA955 sp002293105
s__Leuconostoc gelidum
s__UBA1067 sp002298665
s__Novosphingobium capsulatum
s__ASP10-02a sp002335115
s__Cryptobacteroides sp004556005
s__CAILUG01 sp903844415
s__Avelusimicrobium sp900541355
s__JAKBMM01 sp021831565
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AB
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_N
s__RGIG4057 sp910585065
s__Apilactobacillus micheneri
s__Coproplasma sp910585785
s__Metallibacterium sp021827205
s__Prevotella sp900314755
s__Vibrio mediterranei
s__Pantoea eucalypti
s__Suilimivivens sp000438155
s__Victivallis vadensis
s__Allorhizobium vitis
s__Actinomyces oris
s__Mycoplasma mycoides
s__Roseburia_B sp910586725
s__CAG-417 sp000432835
s__Kocuria marina
s__Paracidovorax citrulli
s__Fen-1231 sp903882745
s__Otoolea sp000435655
s__Idiomarina loihiensis
s__Leclercia sp002902985
s__Xanthomonas nasturtii
s__Streptococcus oralis
s__Thiomonas delicata
s__Acinetobacter lactucae
s__Eubacterium_P hominis
s__UBA1685 sp002320595
s__Vibrio tasmaniensis_A
s__Lactobacillus melliventris
s__Microbacterium algeriense
s__Lactobacillus sp948948975
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_M
s__Absicoccus porci
s__Bradyrhizobium sp003020075
s__Streptomyces nigrescens
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp002685535
s__Fimivicinus sp900544375
s__Xanthomonas euroxanthea
s__Prevotella sp900551275
s__Pseudomonas_E congelans
s__Paramuribaculum sp910578805
s__Methylophaga sp002696735
s__Agathobacter sp905209075
s__Acidibrevibacterium fodinaquatile
s__UBA6448 sp000437315
s__Campylobacter_D insulaenigrae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900321715
s__Duodenibacillus intestinigallinarum
s__CAG-103 sp004556965
s__Avispirillum sp011957885
s__Coproplasma sp910587625
s__Providencia alcalifaciens_A
s__Empedobacter falsenii
s__Nocardia abscessus
s__Bin80 sp009838195
s__Caproicibacter sp002407675
s__RF16 sp900317745
s__Lepagella sp910586175
s__Limosilactobacillus reuteri_H
s__Streptococcus halichoeri
s__Ruthenibacterium merdipullorum
s__Gemmiger sp900540775
s__CAG-533 sp000434495
s__Streptococcus caecimuris
s__CAITKP01 sp903885085
s__Pseudoflavonifractor faecis
s__Sodaliphilus sp004559845
s__F23-B02 sp001916715
s__Phenylobacterium sp020402505
s__CAG-170 sp000436735
s__Kandleria vitulina
s__Nocardia seriolae
s__Veillonella rogosae
s__Acinetobacter courvalinii
s__CAG-791 sp900320025
s__Rhodovulum sulfidophilum
s__Bifidobacterium sp002451435
s__Rhodobacter_F sp020250445
s__Muribaculum sp910587665
s__Butyricimonas faecihominis
s__Prevotella denticola
s__Thiopontia sp013349825
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp903939555
s__Streptomyces griseus
s__Eubacterium_J sp910584595
s__Vulcanococcus sp000179255
s__Succinivibrio sp003456415
s__Leuconostoc carnosum
s__Exiguobacterium sp018617385
s__Faecalibacterium hattorii
s__Achromobacter denitrificans
s__CAG-1138 sp000434675
s__SFIE01 sp004555405
s__Microcystis aeruginosa_C
s__Pseudomonas_E marginalis
s__MGBC162267 sp910588025
s__CAIRDP01 sp903887775
s__Parabacteroides faecalis
s__Deinococcus wulumuqiensis
s__Lawsonibacter sp000177015
s__Vagococcus_A lutrae
s__CAG-196 sp948684385
s__Petralouisia muris
s__TCS55 sp018674655
s__Pseudomonas_E glycinae
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp012959995
s__Limnocylindrus sp903864185
s__Qipengyuania flava
s__Hominiventricola sp003480725
s__Alistipes dispar
s__Jutongia huaianensis
s__Eubacterium_F sp910583555
s__UBA1711 sp900319865
s__Fonsibacter sp903869725
s__MGBC165282 sp910589265
s__QWQI01 sp003670885
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_Y
s__SYHX01 sp903856555
s__Sellimonas catena
s__Porphyromonas_A levii
s__Serratia_B rubidaea
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000634215
s__Acetatifactor sp003447295
s__Cryptobacteroides sp004552115
s__JAMDCX01 sp021810145
s__Anaerotignum lactatifermentans
s__Exiguobacterium chiriqhucha
s__CAG-873 sp910587475
s__Bovifimicola ammoniilytica
s__Mycobacterium immunogenum
s__Wolbachia sp013096535
s__Phocaeicola plebeius
s__Enterococcus_A gilvus
s__Treponema_D succinifaciens
s__Prevotella lacticifex
s__Gallimonas sp910589015
s__Chordicoccus sp900315305
s__Holdemanella porci
s__Caccovicinus sp910584785
s__Suilimivivens sp910577275
s__Pseudomonas_E siliginis
s__Porcipelethomonas ammoniilytica
s__Gemmiger sp004561545
s__Pseudomonas_E laurylsulfatiphila
s__CAG-267 sp001917135
s__Pseudanabaena sp020404895
s__Hominimerdicola sp900319075
s__Limosilactobacillus sp012843675
s__Duodenibacillus intestinavium
s__Bacillus_J hisashii
s__Schaedlerella glycyrrhizinilytica_A
s__UMGS1781 sp947651825
s__Angelakisella sp910585535
s__Coprobacillus cateniformis
s__HTCC2207 sp002378645
s__Butyribacter sp910577825
s__JAJZHK01 sp021851865
s__Acutalibacter sp009917525
s__Corynebacterium marquesiae
s__CAG-196 sp910579975
s__Halopseudomonas pachastrellae
s__Limiplasma merdipullorum
s__Pantoea eucrina
s__Pectobacterium atrosepticum
s__Marinobacter flavimaris
s__Olegusella sp002407925
s__CAG-724 sp003524145
s__Prevotella bivia
s__Hydrotalea flava
s__Brachybacterium conglomeratum
s__Bartonella_A apis
s__Mesorhizobium sp004022705
s__ER46 sp903820035
s__Rhodococcus sp000686025
s__Yersinia bercovieri
s__Microbacterium sp002313585
s__Sinorhizobium fredii
s__Brevibacillus_B halotolerans
s__UBA10365 sp003536295
s__Enorma massiliensis
s__RAAP-2 sp903825035
s__Petralouisia sp000403255
s__Phocaeicola caecigallinarum
s__Fen-455 sp003139355
s__Rhizobium rhododendri
s__CAG-433 sp900546245
s__CALFPJ01 sp009937285
s__Negativibacillus massiliensis
s__CAJBEZ01 sp903952205
s__Acinetobacter towneri_A
s__Prochlorococcus_C marinus_B
s__CAG-873 sp002493945
s__CAG-568 sp000434395
s__Kerstersia gyiorum
s__Polynucleobacter sp903846025
s__Allobaculum sp910577085
s__Acutalibacter ornithocaccae
s__Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides
s__Clostridium_S acetobutylicum
s__UBA3402 sp910586845
s__CPC320 sp002684375
s__Halanaerobium congolense
s__Vibrio kanaloae
s__Bulleidia timonensis
s__Lentihominibacter faecis
s__UBA4882 sp002399265
s__Merdimonas faecis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900546445
s__Blautia_A sp900066205
s__Collinsella bouchesdurhonensis
s__Sulfurimonas sp002781365
s__UBA5409 sp002410615
s__Adlercreutzia sp910589165
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_Z
s__Actinomarina sp014239265
s__Burkholderia anthina
s__Rhizobium sp017948245
s__Pseudomonas_E petroselini
s__Acetatifactor sp910586485
s__Burkholderia seminalis
s__Parvibacillus calidus
s__UBA7173 sp910579105
s__Gluconobacter_A cerinus
s__CAIRDP01 sp903877385
s__Pseudomonas_E tolaasii
s__Acetatifactor sp910586775
s__Blautia hansenii
s__Bifidobacterium leopoldii
s__Romboutsia_C hominis
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp001914695
s__Ureaplasma parvum
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024749165
s__Lachnospira sp003537285
s__Faecenecus gallistercoris
s__CAG-841 sp000437375
s__Scatovivens sp948530865
s__SZAS-79 sp945862265
s__Bacteroides sp900552405
s__Vescimonas fastidiosa
s__UKL13-2 sp020247545
s__COE1 sp910577115
s__UBA7173 sp900555165
s__Methylotenera sp947379975
s__Prevotella sp900314715
s__Jutongia sp003524945
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902761655
s__Methyloprofundus sp020996635
s__Acidiferrobacter thiooxydans
s__Dialister sp022722495
s__Gilliamella sp019469205
s__Bifidobacterium pseudolongum
s__CAG-710 sp000432595
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_P
s__Treponema_D sp002373205
s__Methylopumilus sp903914945
s__Nitrosymbiomonas proteolyticus
s__Blautia_A difficilis
s__Alloprevotella sp004555425
s__Arthrobacter nicotinovorans
s__Prevotella sp900314935
s__Enterocloster citroniae
s__Faecalibacterium sp003449675
s__Pseudoalteromonas marina
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaligenes
s__Rothia mucilaginosa_A
s__Lentimonas sp002292345
s__Choladousia sp003612585
s__Eubacterium_R coprostanoligenes
s__Thiodiazotropha lotti
s__Clostridium sp900540255
s__Lawsonibacter sp003612335
s__UBA12189 sp014189895
s__Corallococcus exiguus
s__Coprosoma sp902783895
s__Porcincola sp902800805
s__CAG-273 sp000438355
s__Enterenecus sp910587205
s__CAIOHZ01 sp943331345
s__Collinsella sp934865005
s__Methylotenera sp903951385
s__Mediterraneibacter caccogallinarum
s__Fusicatenibacter sp900543115
s__Otoolea sp009911305
s__UBA4421 sp009886205
s__UBA9934 sp003453595
s__UBA9973 sp000999465
s__Parasynechococcus sp002724845
s__Janthinobacterium lividum
s__JAABYT01 sp011775625
s__Blautia sp000432195
s__Agrobacterium sp913777615
s__Halomonas litopenaei
s__Cytobacillus pseudoceanisediminis
s__Mailhella excrementigallinarum
s__Corynebacterium variabile
s__Acutalibacter stercoravium
s__Desulfovibrio fairfieldensis
s__MGBC114079 sp910579745
s__Psychrobacter sp000511655
s__Aerococcus urinae_C
s__Dickeya fangzhongdai
s__SFHK01 sp004556395
s__Polynucleobacter kasalickyi
s__Bradyrhizobium brasilense
s__Brevundimonas mediterranea_A
s__Casp-actino5 sp017859785
s__Gemmiger sp900540595
s__SHUY01 sp009694435
s__Sporofaciens sp910585725
s__Phocaeicola sp000434735
s__Alloprevotella sp004552155
s__Serratia_A fonticola_C
s__Virgibacillus pantothenticus
s__Scatovivens sp947427205
s__JABEUN01 sp013044415
s__Scatomorpha intestinigallinarum
s__UBA1206 sp000433115
s__CAG-274 sp900545305
s__Actinotignum timonense
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AJ
s__UBA953 sp903853185
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp001423965
s__JAMCPL01 sp021841005
s__Carnobacterium divergens_A
s__UBA10348 sp002469915
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp002779995
s__Pelethomonas sp910588365
s__Corynebacterium gottingense
s__Pseudoalteromonas rhizosphaerae
s__Victivallis sp900550905
s__Sediminibacterium sp020403455
s__Rectinema sp012516755
s__Alectryocaccomicrobium faecavium
s__Brotaphodocola sp910588875
s__Merdicola sp001915925
s__Fimisoma sp000435715
s__Parageobacillus thermoglucosidasius
s__UBA4372 sp900543815
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_K
s__Prevotella rara
s__Marihabitans melonis
s__Marisimplicoccus sp014239615
s__UBA5680 sp002420425
s__Dorea_D hominis
s__Prevotella sp900556795
s__Bacteroides sp948436425
s__Finegoldia magna_H
s__UMGS1322 sp900550765
s__Eubacterium_F sp000433735
s__Dickeya dadantii
s__CAG-841 sp900544285
s__MD308 sp000403475
s__Petralouisia sp910575005
s__Dysgonomonas sp900079735
s__Anaerotruncus massiliensis
s__UBA953 sp903829855
s__Gilliamella apis_A
s__Streptomyces albus
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AC
s__Alistipes merdipullorum
s__SbD1 sp021793275
s__Collinsella sp003458415
s__Streptomyces samsunensis
s__Cytobacillus firmus_B
s__Burkholderia pyrrocinia_C
s__Vibrio natriegens
s__UBA7542 sp003134375
s__Senegalimassilia anaerobia
s__Petralouisia sp910575075
s__Borreliella valaisiana
s__Capnocytophaga canimorsus
s__Sulfitobacter mediterraneus_A
s__Prevotella sp900315955
s__F23-B02 sp900545805
s__CAG-313 sp000433035
s__Erwinia persicina
s__Rhizobium bangladeshense
s__Faecalicoccus pleomorphus
s__Limivivens faecihominis
s__Pullibacteroides sp910578275
s__Rhizobium sp900469475
s__Hominilimicola sp010206265
s__51-20 sp001917175
s__Granulicatella adiacens
s__Lawsonibacter sp910577805
s__Exiguobacterium mexicanum_A
s__Monoglobus pectinilyticus
s__UBA8498 sp000503835
s__Bacteroides intestinalis_A
s__Gilliamella bombi
s__CAG-452 sp000434035
s__Treponema_D sp900316905
s__Oligella urethralis
s__Fusobacterium_A sp018205345
s__Desulfovibrio legallii
s__Vibrio cincinnatiensis
s__Campylobacter sp945873855
s__CAG-273 sp000435755
s__Rhodococcus fascians_E
s__Leptospirillum ferrooxidans
s__Roseburia_D yibonii
s__Leclercia adecarboxylata_C
s__SURF-27 sp903844845
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_J
s__Bulleidia sp900539965
s__Methylopumilus_A sp903899965
s__Pantoea allii
s__Negativibacillus sp910578755
s__Bacteroides pullorum
s__Treponema_D sp016293005
s__Polynucleobacter finlandensis
s__Polynucleobacter sphagniphilus
s__Caccoplasma intestinavium
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens
s__UBA737 sp900549055
s__Caldicellulosiruptor bescii
s__UBA953 sp943331445
s__Ralstonia sp001078575
s__Selenomonas_C bovis
s__MGBC157735 sp910587445
s__Apilactobacillus waqarii
s__Corynebacterium megadyptis
s__Micromonospora aurantiaca
s__Salinivibrio kushneri
s__CAG-628 sp000438415
s__Shewanella vesiculosa
s__Hominicoprocola sp016295615
s__Stercorousia sp001765415
s__Pseudescherichia sp002298805
s__Corynebacterium minutissimum_A
s__Brotaphodocola sp910577655
s__Stutzerimonas sp004010935
s__Dysosmobacter sp000403435
s__Corynebacterium flavescens
s__Vescimonas sp900548615
s__RUG626 sp900317385
s__BJGV01 sp014190895
s__Lachnoclostridium_B ammoniilytica
s__Ralstonia mannitolilytica
s__Ligilactobacillus aviarius_C
s__Clostridium neonatale
s__Gallimonas sp910586365
s__Zwartia sp903932425
s__Occallatibacter sp003138365
s__S20-B6 sp002329075
s__Kosakonia radicincitans
s__JADJLQ01 sp016709995
s__Acetatifactor sp910578215
s__Streptomyces lunaelactis
s__Pseudomonas_E salomonii
s__Prevotella sp947163985
s__CAG-632 sp000431515
s__Prevotella sp900318795
s__BACL14 sp018607785
s__Eubacterium_G sp910578975
s__Campylobacter_A curvus
s__Paenibacillus lactis
s__Flavobacterium lindanitolerans
s__Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica_A
s__GCA-002708315 sp018661505
s__JAKAVM01 sp021827485
s__Avidehalobacter sp021771915
s__Comamonas terrigena
s__CAG-269 sp001916065
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_A
s__Acetatifactor sp910586435
s__Pseudomonas_E kilonensis
s__Coprococcus sp000433075
s__BACL27 sp016463105
s__Helicobacter pylori_CI
s__Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens_C
s__Synechocystis sp000284455
s__UBA629 sp900317915
s__F23-D06 sp900319925
s__Ketobacter sp002471665
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp016764995
s__F23-B02 sp002472405
s__Anaerovibrio slackiae
s__Listeria londoniensis
s__Wolbachia sp000306885
s__Chlamydophila gallinacea
s__Streptomyces halstedii
s__Siminovitchia fortis
s__Clostridium lentum
s__Actinomarina sp003213625
s__CAIQEU01 sp903870905
s__Paraburkholderia fungorum
s__Merdimorpha sp003150615
s__Bifidobacterium kashiwanohense
s__JAJYRQ01 sp021794015
s__Polynucleobacter sp903843315
s__Lawsonibacter sp900066825
s__Gemmiger variabilis_B
s__HIMB59 sp902615815
s__Adlercreutzia sp910585575
s__Rhizobium altiplani
s__QYPT01 sp903834705
s__Bog-515 sp003155135
s__Herbaspirillum huttiense
s__Alloprevotella sp004557185
s__Bombilactobacillus mellis
s__Colwellia_A sp001767295
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318535
s__Vescimonas sp004557655
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_G
s__UA16 sp002477505
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_M
s__Ventricola sp900548125
s__Pantoea symbiotica
s__JAMDCX01 sp023489375
s__Limiplasma sp900548145
s__RUG472 sp902768995
s__Muribaculum sp910578785
s__Onthousia sp000438295
s__Alistipes avistercoris
s__Furfurilactobacillus milii
s__JAJZJT01 sp021809995
s__Neisseria subflava_A
s__Tenacibaculum piscium
s__CAG-1000 sp000434555
s__UBA4334 sp902801475
s__PALSA-1004 sp903889565
s__CAILDB01 sp903832855
s__Brevundimonas aurantiaca
s__UBA868 sp018698075
s__Mesotoga sp002752635
s__Streptomyces sp000177195
s__Pseudolabrys sp903839845
s__Campylobacter_B sp017469645
s__Pullilachnospira_A gallistercoris
s__Alistipes excrementigallinarum
s__Actinotignum sanguinis
s__Faecousia sp900540635
s__Vibrio rotiferianus
s__Aggregatibacter kilianii
s__Chromobacterium haemolyticum
s__Marinisoma sp018672235
s__UBA1724 sp900548225
s__GWC1-40-35 sp001775095
s__SFEB01 sp004558105
s__JAJZMF01 sp021850325
s__Parvibacillus algidus
s__UBA1994 sp002335865
s__Scatosoma sp900542935
s__Limosilactobacillus walteri
s__Sphingobium fuliginis
s__Corynebacterium sp943914355
s__Actinomyces graevenitzii
s__Pantoea piersonii
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A anatis
s__SYFN01 sp945866125
s__UBA3125 sp018673475
s__CAG-465 sp000433755
s__Methylovulum sp903944165
s__COE1 sp011959805
s__UBA11512 sp003522145
s__Aminobacterium mobile
s__Bovifimicola sp910578175
s__Limivicinus sp900547315
s__CAIOHZ01 sp947469285
s__Chlamydophila pecorum
s__Cloacimonas acidaminivorans
s__Staphylococcus auricularis
s__Mesorhizobium australicum
s__UBA6398 sp900550635
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus
s__Laedolimicola faecalis
s__HTCC2207 sp001438605
s__Polynucleobacter sp903880555
s__Nanopelagicus sp001437855
s__JAJZMH01 sp021846445
s__Orientia tsutsugamushi
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AA
s__Mesorhizobium sp003952505
s__CAG-1031 sp000431215
s__OLB6 sp001567175
s__Negativibacillus faecipullorum
s__Pseudomonas_B oryzihabitans_D
s__Eubacterium_J sp910580075
s__Hamiltonella defensa
s__UBA1723 sp002371265
s__Rhizobium anhuiense
s__Acidovorax defluvii
s__Avimicrobium caecorum
s__Parageobacillus toebii
s__Dorea_D sp000433535
s__UBA11650 sp002401285
s__UBA1213 sp900322145
s__Angelakisella sp022794295
s__Marinobacter salsuginis
s__Pelethomonas sp910588045
s__JANELJ01 sp024511395
s__Faecalicoccus sp900546545
s__Rhodococcus rhodochrous
s__Oliverpabstia faecicola
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_N
s__Exiguobacterium aurantiacum_A
s__Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans_A
s__Faecousia gallistercoris
s__Corynebacterium phoceense
s__Marinobacterium_E sp013283365
s__TMED2 sp002168225
s__Ruegeria sp009363615
s__Methylobacter_A sp903832775
s__Nitratireductor aquimarinus
s__Bifidobacterium polysaccharolyticum
s__Roseburia rectibacter
s__CAG-914 sp000437895
s__Prevotella ruminicola
s__Deinococcus radiodurans
s__Pseudomonas_E cannabina
s__Butyribacter sp910586555
s__UBA4372 sp900320565
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A cynos
s__Coprococcus_A catus
s__Dysosmobacter sp910587705
s__UBA9410 sp012961035
s__Pseudomonas_E yamanorum
s__Luteolibacter sp903827375
s__Scatomorpha merdavium
s__1XD8-76 sp947643595
s__Yersinia rochesterensis
s__Mxb001 sp903954205
s__Azospirillum brasilense
s__Methylobacter_C sp903908165
s__Agathobacter sp900549895
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp009881065
s__RUG572 sp900547945
s__RUG472 sp900545265
s__Enterobacter pseudoroggenkampii
s__Ruminococcus_C sp000437255
s__Chlorobium sp903843305
s__Agathobacter sp900317585
s__Rhizobium sophoriradicis
s__Neisseria mucosa_A
s__Sphingobium sp025961835
s__Ligilactobacillus acidipiscis
s__Streptomyces salinarius
s__Butyricimonas faecalis
s__Oliverpabstia tarda
s__GWC1-49-16 sp001029675
s__UBA1712 sp018056665
s__UBA2645 sp903937405
s__Methylopumilus_A sp903909015
s__Bartonella_A apihabitans
s__Prevotella sp900544495
s__Cyanobium_A usitatum
s__SFJ001 sp004555865
s__Alteromonas stellipolaris
s__Sphingopyxis terrae
s__Dickeya zeae
s__Gordonibacter pamelaeae
s__Aminobacterium colombiense
s__Corynebacterium pseudogenitalium
s__Petralouisia sp910588965
s__Propionicimonas sp013791955
s__Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens
s__Methyloprofundus sp002189065
s__Pseudomonas_E parakoreensis
s__Polynucleobacter sp009928245
s__GCA-2737665 sp002737665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902792815
s__Scatomorpha sp900545405
s__Porticoccus sp002390525
s__Proteus terrae
s__JAAZYX01 sp018651745
s__Brocadia sinica
s__UBA10906 sp903953455
s__Coproplasma sp910587005
s__CAG-632 sp910587045
s__Ligilactobacillus aviarius_B
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_E
s__Citrobacter_A sedlakii
s__UMGS973 sp900547295
s__Microbacterium oxydans
s__Sediminibacterium sp903865435
s__Yaniella sp030453185
s__Bacteroides zhangwenhongii
s__Cloacibacillus evryensis
s__CAG-349 sp001940895
s__JAKACA01 sp021796455
s__Prevotella communis
s__Ruminococcus sp900540005
s__JAKAZV01 sp021826505
s__Brevibacterium luteolum
s__Bifidobacterium boum
s__Microbacterium maritypicum
s__Limosilactobacillus portuensis
s__Loigolactobacillus coryniformis
s__RAAP-2 sp903830745
s__Casp-actino8 sp009923785
s__Photorhabdus kayaii
s__Rhizobium lusitanum
s__Prevotella jejuni
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249775
s__Prevotella lascolaii
s__JABMPR01 sp018673925
s__Prevotella buccae
s__Acholeplasma laidlawii
s__Synechococcus_D lacustris
s__TMED112 sp003280455
s__Dysosmobacter sp910578935
s__Bacteroides intestinigallinarum
s__Metamycoplasma arginini_A
s__Schleiferilactobacillus harbinensis
s__CAG-273 sp003507395
s__PALSA-747 sp903821145
s__Succiniclasticum sp900315345
s__RGIG8050 sp949949035
s__Helicobacter_C magdeburgensis
s__Proteiniphilum sp002398875
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp002325245
s__CAG-390 sp000437015
s__UBA4372 sp900313335
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp002406055
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947373105
s__Gluconobacter oxydans
s__Mycobacterium sp903911165
s__Exiguobacterium profundum
s__UBA8515 sp000991405
s__Acetatifactor sp910578995
s__Mesorhizobium sp002294725
s__Campylobacter_D vulpis
s__Burkholderia sp000949135
s__Microbacterium maritypicum_A
s__Cupriavidus alkaliphilus
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_P
s__MGBC122484 sp910578465
s__UBA11452 sp003526375
s__Novacetimonas hansenii
s__Staphylococcus saccharolyticus
s__W0P28-013 sp004557405
s__Streptococcus sp030546305
s__Streptomyces cellulosae
s__CAIKXV01 sp020248265
s__Streptococcus ruminicola
s__CAG-590 sp910585605
s__Methylophaga sp002363955
s__Enterosoma sp022774485
s__Paraburkholderia tropica
s__AAA300-D14 sp002715065
s__Prevotella intestinigallinarum
s__Dickeya oryzae
s__Riemerella anatipestifer_C
s__UBA4465 sp002470835
s__Limnohabitans sp903910745
s__Paraburkholderia aspalathi
s__CAIOVX01 sp903861835
s__Acetobacter peroxydans
s__Eubacterium_R faecale
s__Lachnospira sp003451515
s__CAG-272 sp000433515
s__CAG-510 sp910578335
s__Fusobacterium nucleatum
s__UBA1014 sp002683785
s__Blautia sp900541955
s__Lancefieldella sp000564995
s__UBA4839 sp002400085
s__Pelethomonas sp022797115
s__Enterococcus_A malodoratus
s__Pseudomonas_E farris
s__Thiopontia sp018658305
s__Bartonella bacilliformis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948868795
s__UMGS1668 sp004556975
s__UBA8309 sp016780765
s__Shouchella clausii
s__Streptomyces fimicarius
s__Merdousia gallistercoris
s__Limenecus avicola
s__UBA953 sp903895475
s__Acetobacter senegalensis
s__Enterosoma sp900549915
s__Sphingomonas aerolata
s__Collinsella tanakaei
s__Pelethousia gallinarum
s__CAG-269 sp949443285
s__Streptomyces microflavus
s__TMED14 sp002381225
s__Acetobacter sp012517935
s__Prevotella sp900315455
s__Streptomyces globisporus
s__CAG-273 sp000437855
s__Roseburia_B sp910586355
s__Borkfalkia avicola
s__Limosilactobacillus ingluviei
s__Ochrobactrum_A pituitosa
s__Sphingomonas paucimobilis
s__Sediminibacterium sp947372105
s__Acinetobacter sp000369525
s__Duodenibacillus sp900544335
s__TTA-H9 sp002071415
s__CAG-628 sp003524085
s__Bulleidia sp015256775
s__Brevundimonas sp005484585
s__Flexicrinis sp001567485
s__UBA3402 sp910585435
s__Mycobacterium kiyosense
s__UBA8401 sp903861125
s__Aquirufa sp903907745
s__Enterobacter vonholyi
s__MS024-2A sp002292265
s__MED-G52 sp001627375
s__Thioglobus_A sp018644675
s__Moorella thermoacetica
s__UMGS1338 sp900550805
s__Onthocola_B sp900544625
s__Eubacterium_G sp910584795
s__Blautia_A sp900066355
s__Legionella_C taurinensis
s__Curtobacterium citreum
s__Pseudomonas_E ekonensis
s__Pseudomonas_E kermanshahensis
s__MGBC108787 sp910583945
s__Methylocystis sp002412985
s__C7867-002 sp903870315
s__Basfia_A sp014843355
s__Lelliottia nimipressuralis
s__Pseudoalteromonas nigrifaciens
s__Anaerotardibacter sp000435475
s__Brocadia sapporoensis
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_Q
s__Rhizomicrobium sp021851325
s__RAAP-2 sp021781335
s__Prevotella sp900319715
s__UBA2284 sp001830045
s__Acinetobacter baylyi
s__Luminiphilus sp016779445
s__SCQM01 sp021803345
s__Prevotella sp002251245
s__Scatovivens sp947385375
s__UBA9145 sp009844085
s__JABHGY01 sp018671775
s__Eubacterium_G segne
s__Seramator thermalis
s__Pectobacterium aquaticum
s__Lachnoclostridium_B intestinigallinarum
s__Egerieenecus merdigallinarum
s__Pseudomonas_E synxantha_A
s__DTU089 sp002440045
s__Roseibium album
s__CAG-269 sp000437215
s__Eubacterium_J sp947642745
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900545245
s__Gallimonas caecicola
s__BJGN01 sp021299835
s__Streptococcus suis_V
s__Heyndrickxia oleronia
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa_C
s__QXXE01 sp910586575
s__Acetatifactor sp910577235
s__Rathayibacter festucae
s__Psychrobacter celer
s__UBA7173 sp900548705
s__Corynebacterium macclintockiae
s__UBA9145 sp003483155
s__Gallimonas sp910585235
s__Trichococcus flocculiformis
s__Bifidobacterium indicum
s__GCA-2722105 sp018692355
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp903919715
s__UBA1123 sp002313895
s__Paenibacillus_J hunanensis
s__DMER64 sp002071385
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A winnipegensis
s__Gemmiger sp900554145
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_I
s__Lepagella sp002491165
s__Nanosyncoccus sp949480205
s__Stercorousia sp001917115
s__UBA9145 sp002477465
s__UMGS1590 sp900552455
s__Alistipes_A sp910583985
s__Scybalousia sp900542735
s__Petralouisia sp910589635
s__Fimimonas sp910586905
s__CAG-552 sp000435495
s__QAMH01 sp900544245
s__RZYY01 sp012516825
s__Limousia pullorum
s__Paenibacillus cellulositrophicus_A
s__Megasphaera stantonii
s__Acidipropionibacterium jensenii
s__Prevotella sp002299635
s__Pseudomonas_E capeferrum
s__Tous-C4FEB sp903938935
s__JAJZXF01 sp021802485
s__Paenibacillus_B alvei
s__RUG306 sp900316075
s__Ruminococcus_F champanellensis
s__Lactobacillus sp946579245
s__Leptospirillum_A sp021826965
s__Enterocloster lavalensis
s__Elizabethkingia bruuniana
s__CAIKZZ01 sp903879335
s__BOG-234 sp010084195
s__Enterocola sp900316995
s__CAINVV01 sp023488865
s__Exiguobacterium_A oxidotolerans
s__UBA636 sp022776215
s__Clostridium_L algidicarnis
s__Kingella_C negevensis
s__Wujia sp900553925
s__Rhodobacter_F sp020251025
s__Neoclostridium sp900555125
s__Acinetobacter nematophilus
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp003512525
s__TCS55 sp018647265
s__CAG-288 sp000437395
s__UBA3064 sp005787245
s__GCA-2731375 sp018701215
s__Prevotella sp900314995
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002354005
s__Bacillus vallismortis
s__Bacteroides massiliensis
s__Marinisoma atlanticum
s__Pseudomonas_E sivasensis
s__Haliea salexigens
s__Eubacterium_Q sp900316715
s__Macellibacteroides fermentans
s__Sediminibacterium sp947380435
s__Cutibacterium modestum
s__Vescimonas sp900556015
s__Corynebacterium silvaticum
s__Saccharofermentans sp902782125
s__Faecousia sp900546415
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp903821685
s__Chlorobium sp903820085
s__Streptomyces sp000213055
s__Micromonospora arenicola
s__Pseudomonas_E cyclaminis
s__MED-G14 sp002697465
s__AG-12 sp021809895
s__Sediminibacterium sp903854725
s__Cryobacterium sandaracinum
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_R
s__Corynebacterium matruchotii
s__Acidithrix sp021805205
s__QWOP01 sp003669605
s__Porphyromonas gulae
s__UBA2270 sp002347745
s__Planktophila sp903921405
s__Prevotella vespertina
s__Prevotella sp004554665
s__Roseitalea stylonematis
s__UBA3282 sp947175055
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_F
s__Onthovivens sp016302065
s__Sphingobium soli
s__Lysinibacillus fusiformis_D
s__Lactobacillus sp022483245
s__Amylibacter sp900197625
s__UBA9732 sp902781545
s__Alloalcanivorax profundimaris
s__Roseburia sp910587865
s__Tous-C4FEB sp002304445
s__UBA1268 sp016776925
s__Ferrovum sp021832305
s__Thiomonas sp021846025
s__Acididesulfobacter sp021825865
s__NS-7 sp020028195
s__Eubacterium_F sp910584645
s__Pauljensenia turicensis_A
s__Methylobacter_C sp903938485
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp910588745
s__CAG-115 sp003507295
s__Staphylococcus singaporensis
s__Bordetella trematum
s__Prevotella sp900316295
s__Agrobacterium sp900468285
s__Bradyrhizobium sp013240495
s__UBA1402 sp002305085
s__UBA629 sp005465875
s__Palsa-1315 sp002737345
s__UBA7109 sp948602995
s__Acidibrevibacterium sp021801255
s__Longibaculum muris
s__RF16 sp900320865
s__Zag111 sp949035555
s__Limnohabitans sp903828695
s__Pseudomonas_E extremaustralis
s__JABHXA01 sp018657495
s__Cobetia marina
s__Auritidibacter ignavus
s__Streptococcus sp900766505
s__UBA7446 sp002862705
s__Limosilactobacillus intestinavium
s__Prevotella sp900552675
s__BACL14 sp018657165
s__Treponema_D berlinense
s__Salinivibrio siamensis
s__Petralouisia sp910578825
s__Woodwardibium sp900760275
s__Bartonella krasnovii
s__Agathobacter sp900548765
s__CAG-492 sp000434015
s__Enterorhabdus sp009911695
s__CAZU01 sp000432275
s__SAR86A sp000252525
s__GCA-2697345 sp002697345
s__Pseudomonas_B rhizoryzae
s__Butyribacter sp947651225
s__Thiopontia sp018648825
s__Corynebacterium simulans
s__Campylobacter_E sp018501205
s__Brevibacillus borstelensis
s__JADJJR01 sp016706425
s__Synechococcus_D sp002151525
s__UMGS1820 sp900545865
s__Xanthomonas cannabis
s__Onthomonas sp900545815
s__SW10 sp002420315
s__Mogibacterium diversum
s__Bacteroides stercoris_A
s__Limivicinus sp900549865
s__Pannonibacter indicus
s__Nocardia nova
s__JAJYXW01 sp021801525
s__HTCC2207 sp018654575
s__Scatenecus sp949927415
s__Rhodoferax sp943324505
s__Pseudoalteromonas piscicida
s__Alistipes timonensis
s__Roseburia sp947062675
s__Stutzerimonas kunmingensis
s__Pseudomonas_E gingeri_A
s__Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum
s__Myxococcus xanthus
s__MD308 sp910579335
s__UBA4844 sp002398105
s__Clostridium_R sp003445895
s__UBA9973 sp001785445
s__Alistipes excrementavium
s__UBA9659 sp018665025
s__Staphylococcus equorum_A
s__CAG-488 sp000434915
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021826695
s__Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica_C
s__Thiomonas sp021805805
s__Enterenecus sp949841355
s__Gordonia paraffinivorans
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_K
s__JAJTFW01 sp903922455
s__Pseudomonas_E canadensis
s__Oxalobacter formigenes
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_S
s__Sutterella merdavium
s__UBA5518 sp002396625
s__Gordonia amicalis
s__Desulfitobacterium hafniense
s__Alteromonas aggregata
s__UBA4419 sp002336245
s__Ruminococcus_E bromii
s__Mameliella alba
s__Ursidibacter maritimus
s__Lentibacter algarum
s__UBA953 sp903840355
s__JAKATP01 sp021797815
s__MWFE01 sp002071445
s__CAG-170 sp900548625
s__GCA-2722105 sp018649625
s__UBA953 sp003569405
s__Prevotella sp900315775
s__Ensifer canadensis
s__SFTJ01 sp004557385
s__Neisseria cinerea
s__Chordicoccus sp900317515
s__Ruminococcus sp910577575
s__CANEHT01 sp948543815
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_R
s__CANHVK01 sp943324745
s__UBA737 sp002431945
s__Campylobacter_D volucris
s__UBA4285 sp900314255
s__Rosenbergiella epipactidis
s__UBA866 sp022791945
s__Thermoactinomyces vulgaris
s__Clostridium_AD tagluense
s__Faecousia sp000435995
s__Gilliamella sp945276085
s__Clostridium_G cochlearium
s__UBA5216 sp903893565
s__Lentilactobacillus kefiri
s__JAJYFL01 sp021790935
s__Pseudomonas_E synxantha
s__Suilimivivens sp948466945
s__CAG-488 sp900539465
s__Angelakisella sp004554485
s__Poriferisocius sp009842675
s__Agrobacterium tomkonis
s__Parabacteroides sp004562445
s__QWOQ01 sp003669585
s__RAAP-2 sp021786095
s__Thiodubiliella sp900128535
s__MGBC163016 sp910588905
s__Pseudochrobactrum saccharolyticum
s__Ralstonia pseudosolanacearum
s__Corynebacterium glucuronolyticum
s__Scatomorpha pullicola
s__Phocaeicola fibrisolvens
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_T
s__Paraburkholderia hospita
s__Odoribacter laneus
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp910574185
s__Alteriqipengyuania bathyomarina
s__Streptomyces cyaneofuscatus
s__JADLHS01 sp008933055
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905215855
s__HGM10890 sp900769965
s__SYAC01 sp903898755
s__Pseudoalteromonas maricaloris
s__Marinobacter vinifirmus
s__Neoclostridium roslinense
s__UBA10347 sp003485885
s__Dehalococcoides mccartyi
s__Acutalibacter sp910580045
s__Lacticaseibacillus zeae
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002850255
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900320185
s__Hydrogenophaga sp001770705
s__Alloalcanivorax xenomutans
s__Egerieisoma sp900543695
s__Petralouisia sp910580195
s__Pseudomonas_E moraviensis_A
s__Campylobacter_D sp025772985
s__Nocardia wallacei
s__Blautia_A schinkii_B
s__Psychrobacter pacificensis
s__Malaciobacter marinus
s__Hominenteromicrobium gallistercoris
s__Marinovum algicola
s__CAIQIQ01 sp903871935
s__Oceanobacillus caeni
s__Kineothrix sp910579645
s__Brenneria goodwinii
s__Flavobacterium covae
s__Sodaliphilus sp900316835
s__RF16 sp016302585
s__UMGS929 sp900546875
s__UBA2128 sp002402135
s__Mesorhizobium opportunistum
s__UBA1328 sp022564545
s__JAJYCY01 sp021778035
s__Absicoccus sp000434355
s__Villigracilis sp900696595
s__UBA4657 sp002405475
s__Paracoccus marcusii
s__UBA2804 sp900319705
s__Metallibacterium sp021794575
s__Smithella sp003139775
s__Rhizobium sp900466475
s__Lachnoclostridium_B faecipullorum
s__Laedolimicola sp910574835
s__Petralouisia sp910580015
s__Yokenella regensburgei
s__Dysosmobacter faecalis_A
s__JAJZHK01 sp021833365
s__Nostoc linckia
s__Phocoenobacter skyensis
s__CAJQLB01 sp905479065
s__Scatovivens sp949388605
s__Rodentibacter heylii
s__Nitrosomonas europaea
s__UBA1413 sp002304925
s__WLNW01 sp009699605
s__Phocaeicola excrementipullorum
s__Oxalobacter aliiformigenes
s__Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica
s__CAG-611 sp000434175
s__Desulfovibrio sp910587035
s__JABHGY01 sp018658715
s__Phytoplasma asteris
s__Zunongwangia profunda
s__Thiopseudomonas alkaliphila
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp012959395
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_Q
s__RF16 sp900321775
s__Ensifer sp001429285
s__Apilactobacillus kunkeei
s__Chlorobium sp903940125
s__Clostridium_AQ sp003481775
s__CAG-269 sp001916005
s__SUP05 sp000205985
s__Polynucleobacter sp002359975
s__Prevotella sp945637645
s__Fimivivens sp900113995
s__UBA1275 sp002457365
s__Maribacter dokdonensis
s__Paracidovorax oryzae
s__Bifidobacterium choladohabitans
s__UBA4572 sp002387725
s__Fimimonas sp003537755
s__SXTU01 sp945872195
s__Veillonella sp018376995
s__Holdemanella sp003458715
s__JAJZWG01 sp021841155
s__Roseomonas mucosa
s__Suilimivivens sp910577445
s__Blautia_A intestinalis
s__Alistipes merdavium
s__Rhodococcus globerulus
s__Prevotella avicola
s__UBA4363 sp017937025
s__Proteiniphilum massiliensis
s__Eubacterium_J sp910586225
s__UBA868 sp018672825
s__Pseudomonas_E gessardii
s__Acetatifactor sp910586215
s__Treponema_D sp002437725
s__Qipengyuania sp001635685
s__UMGS1696 sp900753285
s__CAITNM01 sp903893805
s__HGM10857 sp910578745
s__Mediterraneibacter excrementipullorum
s__Enteromonas sp900539595
s__RUG410 sp900553115
s__ELB16-189 sp020403045
s__JAAFJM01 sp947453415
s__Agrobacterium rhizogenes_A
s__CAILUG01 sp903887045
s__Avelusimicrobium sp900540405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900318955
s__Baileyella intestinalis
s__BACL27 sp945865395
s__Prevotella sp900317685
s__Dysosmobacter sp910584075
s__CAG-170 sp937967235
s__Mesotoga prima
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900318565
s__Neochristensenella sp003150515
s__Bog-756 sp003138855
s__Rothia nasimurium_D
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_F
s__Hydrogenivirga aeolica_A
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp910577605
s__Limnohabitans sp009921265
s__Paraburkholderia tuberum
s__MGBC100798 sp910577795
s__GCA-2722105 sp018674095
s__Prevotella sp900317305
s__Scatosoma sp003448195
s__Odoribacter massiliensis
s__CAG-582 sp000435515
s__Alicycliphilus denitrificans
s__Parabacteroides gordonii
s__Kryptonium thompsonii
s__Paraburkholderia domus
s__Agathobacter sp910587655
s__CAG-964 sp900316615
s__Amedibacillus dolichus
s__Faecousia sp900544945
s__Nitromaritima sp003451695
s__Brotaphodocola sp022799175
s__UBA5578 sp910584165
s__Peptoniphilus_A lacrimalis
s__Microcystis wesenbergii_A
s__Phenylobacterium sp020402745
s__JABMPR01 sp018650795
s__Prevotella sp002437285
s__QAMX01 sp004555605
s__Pseudomonas_E chengduensis_A
s__Prevotella sp002251435
s__Neisseria mucosa
s__Eubacterium_T sp900766045
s__Agathobacter sp000434275
s__Collinsella sp934876235
s__DMER64 sp002070565
s__Afipia broomeae
s__Methylotenera sp030652995
s__UMGS902 sp003343845
s__UBA8498 sp000996895
s__Acetatifactor sp910584435
s__CAKPTA01 sp910584305
s__Pseudomonas_E peradeniyensis
s__Pseudomonas_E kribbensis
s__Sediminibacterium sp947476145
s__Butyricimonas hominis
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp910585735
s__Parabacteroides sp022775005
s__Prevotella sp900314655
s__Holdemania filiformis
s__SIG307 sp910579465
s__TMED14 sp002292855
s__Zag111 sp003258735
s__Butyribacter sp000436755
s__Ferruginibacter sp903837525
s__UMGS1312 sp900550625
s__Acetatifactor sp910577665
s__Acinetobacter parvus
s__Onthocola_B sp000438075
s__Chryseobacterium sp913774355
s__LS-NOB sp018653085
s__Butyribacter hominis
s__Cupriavidus taiwanensis_B
s__UBA10324 sp947469485
s__Stenotrophomonas rhizophila_A
s__Variovorax sp900115375
s__Cloacimonas sp002432865
s__Dysosmobacter sp910576845
s__Photorhabdus akhurstii
s__Treponema phagedenis
s__UBA1096 sp018674955
s__Petralouisia sp910584585
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_B
s__Senegalimassilia faecalis
s__Mesotoga infera_B
s__Brevibacillus brevis_D
s__Prevotella sp002480935
s__Stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900544195
s__Methylobacterium fujisawaense
s__UBA11358 sp021817945
s__SYFI01 sp945876305
s__CAG-964 sp000435335
s__Streptomyces caniscabiei
s__REEB421 sp945875585
s__Streptococcus oralis_H
s__MGBC163016 sp910588205
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp022648325
s__Sphaerochaeta sp002432715
s__Pseudomonas_E ceruminis
s__UBA9145 sp018661465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900321655
s__Celaenobacter polaris
s__Dolichospermum heterosporum
s__Bariatricus sp004560705
s__UBA6944 sp002296525
s__Lawsonibacter sp910584605
s__Pseudomonas_E vlassakiae
s__GCA-002282575 sp002281095
s__CAIUPE01 sp903877935
s__Bacillus siamensis
s__Fusobacterium_A ulcerans
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp013349995
s__Coproplasma sp910588685
s__Phocaeicola cellulolyticus
s__MD308 sp910586965
s__Morganella morganii_B
s__Blautia_A sp900548245
s__UBA668 sp009702045
s__PN-J185 sp021811145
s__Synechococcus_B sp009836025
s__Angelakisella sp022795575
s__Ruegeria atlantica_A
s__Stenotrophomonas bentonitica_A
s__Exiguobacterium_A indicum
s__UBA6136 sp007280285
s__Aequorivita sp002364215
s__CAG-103 sp934589185
s__Collinsella sp902362275
s__UBA10281 sp900548285
s__Mesotoga sp002305955
s__Gordonia polyisoprenivorans
s__Suilimivivens aceti
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_B
s__Stenotrophomonas sp023423675
s__Lawsonibacter faecis
s__Moellerella wisconsensis
s__Vibrio chagasii_B
s__Pelethenecus sp910577745
s__Chlamydophila pneumoniae
s__Aquirufa sp947471105
s__GWF1-31-35 sp001029755
s__Nocardiopsis dassonvillei
s__Phocaeicola gallinarum
s__Merdimorpha sp002314265
s__Alcaligenes aquatilis
s__Collinsella sp003459245
s__Streptococcus sp916048145
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016295245
s__Gudongella oleilytica
s__Aliivibrio finisterrensis_A
s__Treponema_D sp016294035
s__Suilimivivens sp910587305
s__Weimeria sp900317825
s__Bacteroides_F pectinophilus
s__Faecousia sp900549705
s__Hominiventricola avistercoris
s__JAMDDE01 sp023489235
s__Leptospirillum sp021816465
s__Alloprevotella sp900541575
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_Q
s__Mesorhizobium sp004020875
s__Eubacterium_R sp900539775
s__Eubacterium_I ramulus_A
s__Agathobaculum sp900544475
s__Prevotella amnii
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016710015
s__JAJZIJ01 sp021810625
s__Acidovorax temperans
s__Thioalkalivibrio versutus
s__CPC320 sp002336405
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_L
s__Burkholderia humptydooensis
s__UBA1328 sp009392785
s__Leeuwenhoekiella blandensis
s__AAA164-E04 sp000383715
s__Veillonella_A seminalis
s__Yoonia sp002378665
s__14-2 sp910588285
s__Caccosoma faecigallinarum
s__Phaeobacter italicus
s__Carthagonibacter metallireducens
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_R
s__CAIYFD01 sp903925425
s__Treponema_D sp900769985
s__GJ-E10 sp021838715
s__UMGS363 sp900543105
s__QWPN01 sp003670825
s__CAG-245 sp000434195
s__CAG-791 sp000431495
s__CAKPQL01 sp949840345
s__UBA11703 sp001822075
s__UBA1328 sp002313245
s__Brotaphodocola sp003480315
s__Methylobacter_C polyspora_A
s__Paraburkholderia caribensis
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900315085
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp002282385
s__Faecousia sp900544705
s__Dolichospermum circinale
s__JABINZ01 sp018698135
s__Rickettsia prowazekii
s__Pandoraea pnomenusa
s__Serratia_J grimesii
s__Limnohabitans sp903949285
s__Planktophila sp009698815
s__Neorhizobium soli
s__Methylovulum sp903945375
s__Haemophilus seminalis
s__UBA4592 sp002390705
s__UBA11136 sp002686135
s__Lawsonibacter pullicola
s__PHOS-HE28 sp002396605
s__Lautropia mirabilis
s__Novosphingobium acidiphilum
s__Sphingobacterium siyangense
s__CAIKVZ01 sp903838565
s__Neisseria flavescens_B
s__Ga0077527 sp903933915
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp009700115
s__Pantoea leporis
s__Parabacteroides sp900549585
s__Plantibacter cousiniae
s__Alitiscatomonas sp900066055
s__Lepagella sp004553095
s__NHYN01 sp910578285
s__Thermodesulfobacterium commune
s__Streptomyces chartreusis
s__Brevibacterium ravenspurgense
s__Lacrimispora celerecrescens_B
s__BACL14 sp010023085
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp910588975
s__UBA2126 sp002436185
s__CAG-238 sp000435615
s__Bact-19 sp002412425
s__Flavobacterium sp903838055
s__Zwartia parapertussis_H
s__UBA868 sp002477475
s__Collinsella ihumii
s__Methylobacter_C sp003584895
s__Phocaeicola faecicola
s__Planktophila sp010024385
s__Rothia nasimurium_E
s__Megasphaera_C lornae
s__UBA2487 sp021782795
s__UBA967 sp002290555
s__UBA12465 sp903904095
s__Lepagella sp910585285
s__Prevotella sp945941025
s__Lepagella sp000437495
s__Intestinimonas massiliensis
s__Porcipelethomonas sp900538575
s__Treponema_D sp016293915
s__Prevotella sp004555245
s__Pseudomonas_E iridis
s__Acetobacter orientalis
s__RF16 sp900316005
s__Fournierella excrementavium
s__Limivicinus sp900549645
s__Rhodococcus sp000954115
s__UMGS911 sp900545935
s__Bacteroides stercorirosoris
s__HGM13006 sp900756575
s__Chlorobium sp903994455
s__CR02bin9 sp004356555
s__ISDg sp902787715
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_F
s__JADHTT01 sp018662405
s__Bifidobacterium mongoliense
s__UBA4417 sp903822525
s__JAJYXI01 sp021791055
s__Pseudoalteromonas carrageenovora
s__UBA964 sp010031985
s__Enterousia sp002437665
s__BAIKAL-G1-2R sp002737405
s__BACL14 sp017858095
s__Mediterraneibacter caccavium
s__Thermotoga petrophila
s__MVYY01 sp002068215
s__Yersinia rohdei
s__RGIG1693 sp016293975
s__Rhodococcus sp001017865
s__Paenibacillus amylolyticus
s__Fimivicinus sp002320555
s__Campylobacter lawsonii
s__Thauera aminoaromatica
s__Pseudomonas_E caricapapayae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900541925
s__UBA4479 sp002389385
s__PALSA-1004 sp945870465
s__OLB11 sp903881265
s__Streptococcus dentisani
s__Amulumruptor sp947039275
s__Treponema_D sp002395155
s__Pseudobutyricicoccus sp003477405
s__Microbacterium sp001595495
s__UBA644 sp002299265
s__PALSA-747 sp903834515
s__Spongiibacter tropicus
s__Erwinia aphidicola
s__CAG-303 sp000437755
s__Prevotella sp900316565
s__Suilimivivens sp017622575
s__Prevotella timonensis
s__GCA-2687515 sp018674495
s__Coproplasma stercorigallinarum
s__Prevotella sp022782305
s__Rhizobium sp900466635
s__CAIVAT01 sp903945175
s__UBA5508 sp002409745
s__Thalassolituus oleivorans
s__HGM13010 sp022800755
s__UBA3125 sp002365325
s__UBA1757 sp017380635
s__Kuenenia stuttgartiensis_A
s__Merdousia sp001917305
s__IGN2 sp013285405
s__CAIUWA01 sp903827245
s__Stutzerimonas degradans
s__Moraxella_A sp002478835
s__RAAP-2 sp003160115
s__Caecibacter sp003467125
s__RF16 sp900556095
s__Lachnospira sp900551945
s__Haemophilus_D sp014931275
s__Stutzerimonas sp002692525
s__Nanosyncoccus sp949063825
s__Lientehia sp910588815
s__Heteroclostridium sp910585195
s__Lawsonibacter_A hominis
s__Lawsonibacter sp947073515
s__DRQN01 sp011371455
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A felis
s__Moritella viscosa
s__Mycobacterium poriferae
s__JABEUN01 sp021846265
s__MGBC163016 sp910589135
s__Herbaspirillum rubrisubalbicans
s__UBA1711 sp900318175
s__Streptomyces hygroscopicus
s__Gilliamella sp945273075
s__CAG-873 sp905202215
s__Ruminococcus_E bovis
s__Treponema_D sp002449305
s__Limnocylindrus sp003670745
s__UBA10438 sp002426145
s__Duncaniella sp910587515
s__Bradyrhizobium japonicum_B
s__Acidithrix sp021826315
s__DMER64 sp001603455
s__Nocardia otitidiscaviarum
s__Lepagella sp002361235
s__Clostridium sp027692445
s__Fimimonas gallinarum
s__Oleibacter sp002724925
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A mexicana
s__Limnohabitans sp947372465
s__Veillonella tobetsuensis
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp002452215
s__RGIG8482 sp948896235
s__Yersinia proxima
s__Tannerella serpentiformis
s__Weissella viridescens
s__Acutalibacter sp910587835
s__UBA9655 sp001767835
s__UMGS1781 sp900553695
s__Gemmatimonas sp002737115
s__Desulfobacula sp018645325
s__OLB10 sp001567275
s__UBA1829 sp900549045
s__UBA2730 sp022793235
s__Leclercia_A pneumoniae
s__UBA4179 sp002381125
s__CAG-273 sp910589185
s__Shewanella hafniensis
s__Actinobacillus suis
s__JAJYZQ01 sp021799835
s__Mailhella merdigallinarum
s__Streptomyces pseudogriseolus
s__Brotaphodocola sp910577765
s__Paenibacillus lautus_A
s__MED-G20 sp016780365
s__Pseudanabaena mucicola
s__Corynebacterium sp900539985
s__Pelagibacter sp905478565
s__UBA8199 sp003527065
s__Novosphingobium fluoreni
s__UBA1712 sp900766815
s__Bifidobacterium moukalabense
s__Dysosmobacter sp910587525
s__Pseudonocardia alni
s__UBA1711 sp900314925
s__Enterovibrio norvegicus
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp020252645
s__LFER01 sp001510135
s__Thalassospira tepidiphila
s__UBA4644 sp900555855
s__Lysinibacillus sphaericus
s__Frisingicoccus caecimuris
s__RAAP-2 sp903830655
s__Rhodoferax sp903914175
s__CAG-238 sp900542245
s__CTSoil-043 sp021802585
s__Thiodiazotropha sp003094535
s__Rhodoblastus sp021780435
s__Onthocola_B sp000437355
s__Enterococcus_G italicus
s__SHAN690 sp009937235
s__UBA6894 sp003669555
s__Faecousia sp900547405
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910587455
s__AG-12 sp021791345
s__Fimisoma sp002320005
s__JACWAD01 sp021791195
s__UBA1328 sp018673955
s__Rouxiella badensis
s__Clostridium baratii
s__Parolsenella catena
s__Tannerella forsythia
s__Brevundimonas diminuta_B
s__Faecousia sp900546075
s__Caccovivens sp949096025
s__Eubacterium_R sp900539325
s__ER46 sp947467625
s__Aeromonas enteropelogenes
s__Fen-455 sp003170375
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900321245
s__Acinetobacter pittii_H
s__Elarobacter winogradskyi
s__Cytobacillus firmus
s__Lacunisphaera sp005787865
s__Pseudomonas_E poae
s__Empedobacter stercoris
s__Egerieicola faecalis
s__Chryseobacterium_A lacus
s__UBA7388 sp002470695
s__Accumulibacter cognatus
s__JAJYWE01 sp021791675
s__CAG-269 sp949538735
s__Parabacteroides faecis
s__Bifidobacterium tibiigranuli
s__JADFRG01 sp022561385
s__Flavonifractor avicola
s__Enterenecus sp910579595
s__Mycobacterium franklinii
s__UBA2868 sp002350465
s__CAG-302 sp900543825
s__Helicobacter_E bizzozeronii
s__Pediococcus damnosus
s__SXXZ01 sp903939515
s__Rhizobium esperanzae
s__Porphyromonas_A somerae
s__Leptospira_A meyeri
s__Cupriavidus gilardii
s__Actinomarina sp014384285
s__Shimia thalassica
s__Mycobacterium persicum
s__Salinivibrio proteolyticus
s__Paraglaciecola chathamensis
s__Corynebacterium xerosis
s__SXRM01 sp903883645
s__Lactobacillus apis_A
s__Suilimivivens sp000436115
s__Photobacterium iliopiscarium
s__Jettenia caeni
s__Fructilactobacillus fructivorans
s__Enterocloster excrementigallinarum
s__Bacteroides sp910586915
s__Faecimonas intestinavium
s__Yersinia frederiksenii
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947462105
s__UBA11957 sp949471785
s__Clostridium sp900539375
s__UBA9732 sp001940825
s__Pseudomonas_E brenneri
s__Proteiniphilum sp002408485
s__Serratia_K symbiotica
s__LDYB01 sp001442985
s__Fimadaptatus sp900553645
s__Fimisoma avicola
s__Alistipes_A sp900539755
s__Bifidobacterium angulatum
s__Lachnospira sp900545725
s__Sphingomonas sanguinis_B
s__Arcticimaribacter sp905181615
s__Staphylococcus condimenti
s__Duncaniella sp910578615
s__LS-NOB sp018673915
s__C-19 sp910576345
s__Fen-1039 sp003165675
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AL
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium ferriphilum
s__Chlorobium sp903836465
s__Apilactobacillus kunkeei_F
s__Dysosmobacter sp910575815
s__Dysosmobacter sp910588175
s__Veillonella_A magna
s__Treponema_F excrementipullorum
s__Enterobacter soli
s__Fibrobacter sp002449765
s__Luminiphilus sp018666295
s__Burkholderia diffusa_B
s__CAG-170 sp900549635
s__CAITOL01 sp943333505
s__GWE2-40-63 sp003512955
s__Prevotella sp002350805
s__Paenibacillus_A macerans
s__Vreelandella piezotolerans
s__Umezakia ovalisporum
s__Limimorpha sp900318085
s__Lawsonibacter aceti
s__Lawsonibacter sp022801435
s__Megaera polyxenophila
s__CAG-793 sp000433915
s__BOG-930 sp903907955
s__JAHRAW01 sp028066695
s__Limosilactobacillus urinaemulieris
s__Succiniclasticum sp900314855
s__Cellulophaga baltica
s__UBA9611 sp022563275
s__Acutalibacter sp910574935
s__JABJGH01 sp018662365
s__Faecivivens stercoravium
s__MGBC111451 sp910578605
s__CAG-238 sp927797855
s__Frischella perrara
s__Rhizobium sp900469615
s__Prevotella sp900115435
s__Arachnia propionica
s__UBA2834 sp004561445
s__Idiomarina zobellii
s__Pumilibacter muris
s__UBA6055 sp009840575
s__Lactobacillus bombicola
s__Scatosoma sp003150575
s__Brevibacterium sp030457025
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900315605
s__Rhodococcus sp002259485
s__Streptomyces murinus
s__RAAP-2 sp018971185
s__Pontimonas sp017852615
s__Roseburia_B sp910588565
s__UBA10138 sp000995845
s__Burkholderia sp905232215
s__Thalassospira povalilytica
s__Faecousia sp900544975
s__Blautia_A sp900120195
s__Burkholderia lata
s__Gluconobacter_A thailandicus
s__Oscillibacter ruminantium
s__Agrobacterium oryzihabitans
s__Lentihominibacter butyrica
s__Bacillus mojavensis
s__QANA01 sp910588425
s__RAAP-2 sp021846325
s__Ureaplasma sp900544585
s__JAJZFR01 sp021805265
s__Streptomyces ardesiacus
s__Porcincola intestinalis
s__Vreelandella venusta
s__2-02-FULL-62-17 sp903899705
s__JAJZBZ01 sp021804655
s__Chordicoccus sp902776305
s__Anabaenopsis arnoldii
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021784835
s__Prevotella muris
s__Leptolyngbya boryana
s__DMER64 sp001512865
s__Streptomyces diastaticus
s__UBA3282 sp910576815
s__RUG099 sp900315485
s__UBA737 sp900549755
s__Scatovivens sp948676835
s__CAJTFG01 sp910575705
s__Prevotella sp900547005
s__Phocaeicola_A sp900291465
s__Emergencia timonensis
s__F23-D06 sp900315705
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp900548775
s__Nitratidesulfovibrio vulgaris
s__UBA3402 sp910574345
s__Pseudomonas_E rhizophila
s__UBA1172 sp002457135
s__Bulleidia sp016293365
s__Brevibacillus agri
s__Corynebacterium aurimucosum
s__Opacimonas sp002292215
s__Collinsella sp003475325
s__Acinetobacter gerneri
s__Succiniclasticum sp017443005
s__Bacillus_A paramycoides
s__Exiguobacterium_A acetylicum_C
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp002700465
s__Paralachnospira_A sp948470335
s__Paraburkholderia phenoliruptrix
s__Flavonifractor avistercoris
s__Bittarella massiliensis
s__Streptococcus xiaochunlingii
s__Burkholderia sp001522585
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp000383355
s__Citrobacter meridianamericanus
s__Chlorobium sp903994635
s__RUG11894 sp017412505
s__Prevotella disiens
s__RAAP-2 sp018971385
s__UBA4975 sp002408465
s__Pseudomonas_E shirazensis
s__C7867-006 sp001824295
s__Agathobaculum ammoniilyticum
s__OLB10 sp002455375
s__F0422 sp001553345
s__JAFKFJ01 sp021845985
s__Paracoccus versutus
s__Providencia vermicola
s__Fimihabitans intestinipullorum
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp903960645
s__Geobacillus thermodenitrificans
s__Merdousia sp900545705
s__Lacticaseibacillus suilingensis
s__Pseudomonas_E umsongensis
s__V9D3004 sp002349525
s__Collinsella stercoris
s__WLRQ01 sp009697815
s__Luminiphilus sp905478845
s__Coproplasma sp910576655
s__Scatousia sp900321895
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902801885
s__UBA1014 sp001469005
s__MED-G82 sp902600705
s__Pseudomonas_E corrugata
s__Aquirufa sp947450865
s__Capnocytophaga sputigena
s__UBA955 sp002737625
s__Aphodocola sp000434835
s__Thiodiazotropha sp023838465
s__Coproplasma sp947570625
s__Sinorhizobium meliloti_A
s__Pseudomonas_E khazarica
s__Microbacterium luteum
s__Roseburia_B sp910586645
s__UBA6984 sp003258725
s__Pseudomonas_E quasicaspiana
s__Vescimonas sp900554275
s__Scybalosoma faecavium
s__UBA10092 sp003455995
s__Lawsonibacter sp900545895
s__Abiotrophia sp026131555
s__Clavibacter nebraskensis
s__Paraclostridium hominis
s__SW10 sp905181965
s__Methylobacter_C sp903939355
s__Bog-1340 sp903823865
s__UBA2160 sp002328865
s__Yersinia aleksiciae
s__PALSA-747 sp903867285
s__Arenicella sp002470515
s__UBA4923 sp002427535
s__Shewanella chilikensis
s__Hafnia protea
s__Lactobacillus absianus
s__Haemophilus_A parahaemolyticus
s__JAKAQW01 sp021819525
s__UBA12115 sp003514055
s__Limnospira platensis
s__Variovorax boronicumulans
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_M
s__Kitasatospora aureofaciens
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum_D
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002451795
s__UBA7173 sp910587075
s__Proteiniphilum sp012837345
s__YE71 sp000434695
s__Prevotella sp900314985
s__SDRW01 sp007845485
s__Gilliamella apicola_I
s__Streptomyces althioticus
s__Choladousia sp902363135
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000378305
s__Burkholderia oklahomensis
s__Pseudomonas_E donghuensis
s__Aphodocola sp900547225
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902622595
s__Opi-474 sp903825285
s__CAG-269 sp900551615
s__Streptococcus lactarius
s__Thiomonas sp021814605
s__Onthocola_B sp900551525
s__Aphodovivens avicola
s__CAG-307 sp001916215
s__Faecousia sp900316335
s__Leeuwenhoekiella palythoae
s__UBA4572 sp021810805
s__UBA10906 sp014191975
s__Euzebyella marina
s__CAG-590 sp000431135
s__UBA6857 sp016293225
s__Bacillus_AB infantis
s__Prevotella oris
s__Alteromonas abrolhosensis
s__UBA10102 sp001825035
s__Streptococcus ilei
s__Veillonella caviae
s__OLB4 sp002050165
s__Weissella sagaensis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945487035
s__Mycobacterium austroafricanum
s__Vescimonas sp900552725
s__Megamonas hypermegale
s__Porcipelethomonas sp900554975
s__Actinomyces urogenitalis
s__Chryseobacterium arthrosphaerae
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A gallinarum
s__C-19 sp910586285
s__Prevotella sp900316265
s__CAG-882 sp000435595
s__Hallerella intestinalis
s__Bombilactobacillus mellifer
s__Faecalimonas sp029983955
s__Shewanella indica
s__MAG-120802 sp010023045
s__UBA8592 sp002380145
s__Spiroplasma citri
s__Prevotella sp900315525
s__Fusobacterium_A sp900543175
s__Merdousia sp021641325
s__JAJZIM01 sp021810565
s__Eubacterium_F sp910579145
s__CANHVK01 sp945877005
s__Staphylococcus devriesei
s__Komagataeibacter oboediens
s__Planktomarina sp002683685
s__F23-B02 sp004558025
s__Acidovorax eiseniae
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp022718015
s__Floccifex porci
s__Oribacterium sp004554245
s__Actinomyces sp915069725
s__Gleimia europaea
s__Rubrivivax sp016709385
s__Raphidiopsis brookii
s__Caproicibacter sp002409675
s__Sneathia vaginalis
s__Polaribacter sp900106075
s__Bact-11 sp002361615
s__Dysosmobacter avistercoris
s__Fusobacterium_A pullicola
s__Aldehydirespirator sp009837445
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp903843965
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_H
s__Mycobacterium colombiense_B
s__Helicobacter_F sp002287135
s__UMGS1370 sp910586755
s__Psychrobacter sanguinis
s__RGIG7114 sp020860205
s__Vicinibacter affinis
s__Prevotella sp002391185
s__Streptomyces sp003846175
s__VFJL01 sp013450215
s__MGBC119817 sp910586195
s__Luteolibacter sp009885905
s__UBA4592 sp002469525
s__Planktophila sp903865885
s__CAG-245 sp900552135
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp900539195
s__UBA9611 sp009391975
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis
s__Pseudomonas_E tehranensis
s__Igneacidithiobacillus sp023277115
s__Sediminibacterium sp009693715
s__Prevotella sp900548745
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp903961015
s__Frankia casuarinae
s__DFXE01 sp029892785
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_CA
s__Acidaminococcus sp000437815
s__CAG-882 sp900545175
s__Schaedlerella sp910574195
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp000817105
s__UBA3282 sp910578645
s__Caecibacter hominis
s__Prevotella sp900768785
s__JAGNEJ01 sp943333275
s__Casp-actino8 sp009700145
s__UBA5578 sp910589375
s__Paracoccus denitrificans
s__Hungateiclostridium thermocellum
s__Fimenecus sp900315985
s__UBA11358 sp903835255
s__Pseudomonas_E piscis
s__Ruminococcus_C sp900545285
s__Pseudomonas_E mendocina
s__Aerococcus sanguinicola
s__CAG-877 sp934168205
s__Fructilactobacillus lindneri
s__Glutamicibacter nicotianae
s__Psychrobacter okhotskensis
s__UBA9722 sp900315015
s__Collinsella sp019041915
s__Selenomonas_C sp900318215
s__Chordicoccus furentiruminis
s__Frisingicoccus sp900753685
s__CAIUCS01 sp903897715
s__Acetobacter tropicalis
s__Acinetobacter sp000369645
s__Ruegeria sp013111185
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001297015
s__Vescimonas sp900547745
s__Marisimplicoccus framensis
s__Mycoplana sp900469965
s__Zhenhengia yiwuensis
s__Halopseudomonas gallaeciensis
s__Halioglobus marina
s__Bacteroides ndongoniae
s__JAAFJR01 sp016705065
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002685175
s__Roseofilum sp002340255
s__UBA3818 sp002369315
s__Clostridium_F sp001276215
s__Vescimonas sp900551995
s__Marinacidobacterium portitor
s__Fen-1308 sp003170655
s__Collinsella sp002232035
s__Acidovorax delafieldii
s__UBA6382 sp002439755
s__Enterocloster porci
s__Lawsonibacter sp022793355
s__UMGS856 sp900546265
s__Pseudomonas_F tohonis
s__Microbulbifer thermotolerans
s__RAAP-2 sp021809495
s__Treponema_D sp018384055
s__Rectinema sp003452735
s__Dolichospermum sp028658405
s__Methylophaga marina
s__Capnocytophaga canis
s__Planktophila sp009701185
s__Moraxella_A osloensis
s__Fenollaria massiliensis
s__Streptomyces acidiscabies
s__CAG-611 sp900552235
s__Kocuria rhizophila_A
s__UMGS687 sp900544595
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002979555
s__CAIVQB01 sp903916195
s__Rectinema subterraneum
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp900549945
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021785175
s__Collinsella sp900551305
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900156465
s__Yeosuana sp002784145
s__Acetatifactor sp910585425
s__CAG-345 sp948525355
s__Paramuribaculum sp000431155
s__Prevotella sp002394385
s__CAG-475 sp900550915
s__Eubacterium maltosivorans
s__Gemmiger variabilis_A
s__Pseudoalteromonas undina
s__CAJBEZ01 sp021777225
s__Acidovorax sp018828125
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_H
s__Prevotella sp004558865
s__Sulfurovum sp002281755
s__DRMK01 sp015488495
s__Thermomonas sp016720345
s__Bacillus glycinifermentans
s__Pseudomonas_E quebecensis
s__Salinicoccus roseus
s__Polynucleobacter sp021395205
s__Enterousia intestinigallinarum
s__XYB12-FULL-38-5 sp001803165
s__Dietzia cercidiphylli
s__Ga0077527 sp903885665
s__D16-63 sp947564525
s__Palsa-187 sp943328975
s__Acinetobacter modestus
s__Mycobacterium phlei
s__Streptomyces griseofuscus
s__Listeria cossartiae
s__Aphodosoma sp900769035
s__Thalassospira sp001613795
s__Acidaminococcus hominis
s__JAJXVA01 sp021782435
s__Limivicinus sp934573855
s__UBA4465 sp002292365
s__Vescimonas sp900555735
s__Komagataeibacter rhaeticus
s__CAG-170 sp900553545
s__Chryseobacterium cucumeris
s__Thermotoga maritima
s__Bacteroides heparinolyticus
s__Victivallis sp900551245
s__Ruegeria sp013112245
s__Luminiphilus sp000169115
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp010025655
s__Eisenbergiella sp003478085
s__Trichormus variabilis
s__Obscuribacter sp016718315
s__Cellulosilyticum lentocellum
s__Microbacterium sp000800925
s__MGBC157735 sp910585955
s__Enterococcus_C asini
s__CAG-433 sp000433675
s__Blautia_A sp018919065
s__JAKASW01 sp021845665
s__Allisonella histaminiformans
s__UBA12075 sp003514005
s__UBA2125 sp002311275
s__GWA1-44-25 sp001780725
s__GCA-2700405 sp018657955
s__UBA3818 sp904397845
s__Spyradocola sp905193155
s__MGBC133411 sp910585375
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948623715
s__UBA3839 sp900313845
s__SXYR01 sp903834825
s__Paraburkholderia nemoris
s__UBA11236 sp947482115
s__Providencia heimbachae
s__Amulumruptor caecigallinarius
s__UBA10677 sp003533505
s__Okeania hirsuta
s__Limisoma sp004555955
s__UBA8309 sp001627655
s__Citrobacter sp001037495
s__Streptomyces albogriseolus
s__RGIG8482 sp022799315
s__Limnohabitans sp903864315
s__Thiodiazotropha endoloripes_D
s__Prevotella sp022732315
s__Gemella morbillorum
s__Ralstonia insidiosa
s__Copromonas avistercoris
s__Eubacterium_R faecavium
s__Evtepia sp902781745
s__Succiniclasticum sp900544275
s__Fusobacterium hwasookii
s__Dialister sp001553355
s__Schlesneria paludicola_A
s__Limnocylindrus sp903944295
s__Phocaeicola sp948579315
s__Blautia_A ammoniilytica
s__UBA3663 sp004557315
s__DMER64 sp002408205
s__Mycobacterium porcinum
s__Streptomyces venezuelae
s__Helicobacter_E ailurogastricus
s__Butyribacter sp910580005
s__CAG-724 sp905202255
s__Methylobacterium ajmalii
s__Intestinibacter sp900540355
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium sp023489335
s__UBA3402 sp022792815
s__Aminobacterium sp002432275
s__Patiriisocius sp905182755
s__Actinomarina sp003282445
s__Gluconobacter kondonii
s__Merdibacter merdigallinarum
s__Rhizobium beringeri
s__Croceibacter atlanticus
s__Streptomyces coelicoflavus
s__Prevotella sp002299275
s__Thermosynergistes sp001508935
s__GCA-2718595 sp002718595
s__JAAZPG01 sp012797375
s__Kocuria salsicia
s__Anaerotruncus colihominis_A
s__Ewingella americana
s__Flavobacterium sp947377425
s__Methylobacterium sp008039875
s__Peribacillus butanolivorans
s__Limosilactobacillus gallistercoris
s__Sphingopyxis sp001468395
s__Hellea sp905477785
s__Flavobacterium sp943326765
s__Pseudomonas_E pudica
s__UBA2146 sp002471705
s__W3P20-009 sp900766825
s__Hellea sp018645985
s__Enterenecus sp910587395
s__CAMYMG01 sp018823835
s__Dorea_B phocaeensis
s__Streptococcus sp013276625
s__Coprobacter secundus
s__VMCP01 sp947447955
s__Ruminococcus_E bromii_A
s__Hominiventricola sp910579225
s__Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans
s__Halomonas litopenaei_A
s__Phocaeicola_A sp003489705
s__Saccharococcus caldoxylosilyticus
s__UBA3402 sp910588325
s__JAKASW01 sp023381615
s__RUG841 sp900313795
s__Aerococcus christensenii
s__Synechococcus elongatus
s__Micropelagos sp002450335
s__JAKCCC01 sp021785435
s__Lactonifactor sp009677585
s__Atlantibacter subterranea
s__Bacillus cabrialesii
s__Polynucleobacter asymbioticus
s__Scatenecus faecavium
s__SXWH01 sp014189875
s__MB11C04 sp002477515
s__Brocadia fulgida
s__Yersinia aldovae
s__Pediococcus ethanolidurans
s__Corynebacterium faecigallinarum
s__Cutibacterium granulosum
s__Faecimorpha stercoravium
s__Corynebacterium afermentans
s__UBA2897 sp002350105
s__Achromobacter aegrifaciens
s__REEB76 sp021816765
s__Pauljensenia sp000185285
s__Dysosmobacter sp900544615
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318335
s__Metalachnospira gallinarum
s__Paraburkholderia caledonica
s__Microbacterium ginsengisoli
s__UBA4285 sp900545225
s__Neochristensenella gallicola
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp018666235
s__JAAYLR01 sp012521815
s__Pantoea communis
s__Fimenecus sp004555265
s__Helicobacter_E heilmannii
s__Clostridium_AQ sp000165065
s__Acidovorax aporrectodeae
s__Paraeggerthella hominis
s__Geobacter sulfurreducens
s__Limisoma sp900544305
s__Janthinobacterium kumbetense
s__Pseudomonas_E allokribbensis
s__Megasphaera_C hutchinsoni
s__Flavobacterium sp947373225
s__CAIUMH01 sp903900235
s__Streptococcus hyointestinalis
s__Stutzerimonas phenolilytica
s__Microbacterium sp002456035
s__MGBC114844 sp910579865
s__TCS55 sp001577025
s__Suilimivivens sp011959285
s__MGBC122484 sp910587055
s__Faecalibacterium gallistercoris
s__Pasteurella canis
s__Fen-1231 sp014192065
s__Allorhizobium vitis_B
s__WFXD01 sp015490795
s__Liquorilactobacillus nagelii
s__Prevotella sp902797505
s__Lancefieldella sp015258605
s__Loigolactobacillus backii
s__XYD12-FULL-36-8 sp001803045
s__Fusobacterium pseudoperiodonticum
s__Dialister sp900541485
s__Hominiventricola filiformis
s__Egerieisoma faecipullorum
s__Citrobacter_A amalonaticus_F
s__RUG721 sp900321745
s__OLB9 sp016715245
s__Agrobacterium rubi
s__Streptomyces fungicidicus
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A pullorum
s__Brotaphodocola sp900538475
s__UBA12108 sp001002415
s__Prevotella sp900553595
s__Pseudoclavibacter sp002931055
s__Clostridioides difficile_A
s__Pectobacterium brasiliense_A
s__Parvibaculum sp002480495
s__Paenibacillus marchantiae
s__Streptomyces tendae
s__UBA830 sp905479125
s__UBA10281 sp000437515
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903961095
s__Merdibacter sp900759455
s__Mycobacterium montefiorense
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa_D
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900319615
s__UBA10281 sp900554485
s__CAG-791 sp900321785
s__Streptococcus sp000296995
s__Campylobacter infans
s__Limnospira fusiformis
s__Vescimonas sp004555205
s__Actinomarina sp902634185
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023073715
s__JACNJF01 sp018669845
s__Massilicoli timonensis
s__UBA1213 sp900322105
s__SFTJ01 sp004563195
s__Ruthenibacterium sp018380115
s__Rhodoluna sp903820955
s__Bin76 sp009837815
s__Eikenella exigua
s__UBA4248 sp004554395
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp902559035
s__Desulfobacillus denitrificans
s__UBA2475 sp943325195
s__Staphylococcus kloosii
s__Exiguobacterium marinum
s__Limnothrix sp001693275
s__JAKAOD01 sp021786195
s__Streptomyces bikiniensis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003014915
s__Borrelia hermsii
s__Vescimonas sp900551355
s__CAJOJO01 sp900546745
s__Allocoprobacillus sp002160865
s__Mycobacterium phocaicum
s__Rhodanobacter denitrificans
s__CAG-605 sp000433475
s__Erwinia rhapontici
s__Citrobacter pasteurii
s__Lawsonibacter sp947383275
s__Aquiluna sp002333405
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_K
s__Blautia_A hydrogenotrophica
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945874155
s__Fonsibacter sp000371845
s__AAA044-D11 sp903836945
s__UBA6502 sp002436415
s__UMGS363 sp900768245
s__Faecisoma sp000432255
s__SMXQ01 sp018666775
s__UBA3766 sp002368665
s__Burkholderia savannae
s__Nitrospira_A sp009594855
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000377405
s__Ruegeria_B alba
s__Acidocella sp021846225
s__Ga0077536 sp903866355
s__Acinetobacter sp002135245
s__Enterenecus sp910575695
s__Sutterella faecalis
s__Hydrogenophaga sp022844385
s__Duodenibacillus sp900544255
s__OLB16 sp001567115
s__UBA9936 sp001774105
s__Roseivirga sp002477595
s__UMGS172 sp900539855
s__Mesorhizobium jarvisii
s__Nocardia brasiliensis_A
s__MED-G52 sp002457055
s__JADFFS01 sp022568195
s__58-81 sp012729145
s__Blattabacterium punctulatus
s__Agathobacter sp900552085
s__Caccosoma sp905197115
s__RUG841 sp900772035
s__Pandoraea cepalis
s__JALCUE01 sp022483015
s__Tepidanaerobacter syntrophicus
s__Limiplasma pullistercoris
s__UBA4421 sp002389675
s__QWPT01 sp003671065
s__Butyricicoccus sp910584935
s__Borkfalkia ceftriaxoniphila
s__UBA2589 sp002500925
s__CAG-269 sp001916055
s__Succiniclasticum sp900316935
s__Virgibacillus halodenitrificans
s__Methylobacter_A tundripaludum
s__B13-G4 sp013792055
s__Methyloceanibacter sp002383105
s__Pelethomonas sp022800525
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_C
s__Campylobacter_D armoricus
s__Xanthomonas hortorum_C
s__Bosea sp001713455
s__UMGS1865 sp900547725
s__UMGS946 sp900544965
s__Acidithiobacillus ferridurans
s__Duodenibacillus sp900315045
s__MGBC143601 sp910586945
s__UBA1213 sp900317795
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii
s__CAG-313 sp900539265
s__Cryobacterium zongtaii
s__Brevibacillus parabrevis
s__JAKADK01 sp021820665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900316675
s__Mycobacterium riyadhense
s__Staphylococcus shinii
s__Microcoleus sp004293365
s__Pseudomonas_E paraglycinae
s__Hylemonella sp947455145
s__Egerieousia sp900544815
s__Pseudothioglobus aerophilus
s__Prevotella corporis
s__Treponema_D sp017381365
s__Scybalenecus sp900540085
s__Streptomyces goshikiensis
s__UBA1179 sp900318995
s__UBA5266 sp002411545
s__Hominiventricola sp910585995
s__Rhodopila sp903895595
s__Phocaeicola merdavium
s__UBA10364 sp018402665
s__Eubacterium_J plexicaudatum
s__NK4A144 sp003488445
s__MGBC163016 sp910589125
s__LGRT01 sp016778765
s__Enterovibrio hollisae
s__Ligilactobacillus saerimneri
s__Butyrivibrio sp015258065
s__Gemmiger avicola
s__KA00274 sp902373515
s__SXON01 sp903885375
s__OLB9 sp016717105
s__F0428 sp003043955
s__Suilimivivens sp018384375
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021790795
s__REAB01 sp004293645
s__Faeciplasma avium
s__GCA-2731375 sp018660265
s__Streptomyces albulus_C
s__UBA3495 sp002716645
s__SZUA-592 sp011772965
s__Allobaculum sp910579655
s__UBA1205 sp002309475
s__CAISPN01 sp903887375
s__Enterobacter asburiae_D
s__UBA11774 sp900556645
s__Pseudomonas_E hydrolytica
s__Pseudomonas_E bijieensis
s__Mycobacterium neoaurum
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AK
s__Alloprevotella sp000437675
s__Alistipes stercorigallinarum
s__Haematospirillum jordaniae
s__Fermentibacter daniensis
s__Chersky-822 sp021792855
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002438635
s__IGN3 sp900696555
s__UBA7177 sp910579545
s__Chryseobacterium mucoviscidosis
s__Pseudomonas_E mediterranea
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900167925
s__Synechococcus_C sp002500205
s__Lachnoclostridium_B stercoravium
s__Saccharofermentans sp902782235
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002361625
s__Alitiscatomonas sp900541255
s__Dysosmobacter sp945862785
s__UBA12059 sp001829185
s__Bacillus_A cereus_BC
s__Corynebacterium jeikeium
s__JADKHE01 sp016721925
s__Mesonia oceanica
s__UBA9145 sp002731775
s__UBA4372 sp900318115
s__UBA6382 sp902792555
s__CAG-533 sp900553855
s__Eubacterium_R sp900540235
s__Kocuria marina_A
s__CAIKVZ01 sp903909815
s__UBA12481 sp012523435
s__Caccocola faecigallinarum
s__F23-B02 sp016292445
s__CAG-841 sp018383975
s__Pyramidobacter piscolens
s__CAG-115 sp910579125
s__Azospira oryzae
s__MGBC120314 sp910584325
s__Pseudomonas_E straminea
s__Methylopumilus planktonicus
s__Streptomyces sioyaensis
s__Syner-03 sp002316795
s__JAJZMK01 sp021798275
s__Brachybacterium muris
s__Sphingobium yanoikuyae_A
s__Sphaerochaeta associata
s__CAIYEO01 sp903840315
s__SYDM01 sp008638125
s__UMGS621 sp900543915
s__Parabacteroides intestinipullorum
s__Prevotella sp000436595
s__UBA4971 sp900019985
s__PALSA-747 sp903843225
s__Corynebacterium freneyi
s__Campylobacter_A concisus
s__Prevotella sp002314055
s__Alloprevotella tannerae
s__Haemophilus_D sp927911595
s__DUQS01 sp012837685
s__Clavibacter phaseoli
s__GCA-2724215 sp018672475
s__QALR01 sp900553085
s__Commensalibacter communis
s__JAJZDI01 sp021806045
s__Salipiger thiooxidans
s__Butyrivibrio hungatei_B
s__Thermoanaerobacter pseudethanolicus
s__Bilophila intracellularis
s__Streptococcus pseudoporcinus
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003086775
s__Blastomonas ursincola
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900544455
s__Pseudomonas_E coleopterorum
s__Pseudomonas_E gregormendelii
s__Dialister sp002320515
s__Christensenella minuta
s__Aphodomorpha intestinavium
s__Caccenecus sp910587745
s__Clostridium gasigenes
s__Rossellomorea vietnamensis
s__Mycobacterium sp003165155
s__Cronobacter muytjensii
s__Prevotella sp002351725
s__CAG-492 sp948805675
s__RAAP-2 sp021837305
s__UBA12044 sp000989675
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_E
s__Pauljensenia radingae_A
s__Mesorhizobium sp002294945
s__Tateyamaria sp018668195
s__Phenylobacterium deserti_C
s__Methyloprofundus sp012960135
s__QANA01 sp017439085
s__Dermatophilus congolensis_A
s__Mesoplasma florum
s__Anaerobutyricum stercoris
s__RGIG250 sp910579115
s__Merdivicinus sp900555435
s__Mycobacterium gordonae
s__Fen-1087 sp003161855
s__Campylobacter_F sputorum
s__Blautia_A wexlerae_B
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021798735
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002437305
s__SCN-70-22 sp016719105
s__JAJYDT01 sp021777335
s__Acinetobacter geminorum
s__UBA1829 sp002338895
s__Haemophilus_D sp001811025
s__Phocaeicola sp900542985
s__Hungatella_A hathewayi_A
s__CAG-475 sp900547975
s__UBA3282 sp947644545
s__Agrobacterium cucumeris
s__Ruminococcus sp002394695
s__Rhodococcus kroppenstedtii
s__Holdemanella sp900547815
s__Coprenecus sp900769885
s__TMED14 sp003507115
s__Enterorhabdus sp910589695
s__Succinivibrio sp900316175
s__CACZQA01 sp902783175
s__Oscillochloris sp903877945
s__UBA1096 sp015658765
s__Pelagibacter sp017880265
s__Thalassospira lucentensis_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900320965
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp001627865
s__UMGS1470 sp900552105
s__UBA5905 sp004558485
s__Mucilaginibacter gossypii
s__UBA4372 sp900320715
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_A
s__RUG806 sp900313475
s__Bin80 sp009841335
s__Lelliottia sp030238365
s__Paraprevotella xylaniphila
s__Mycobacterium paragordonae
s__UBA9611 sp002328185
s__Aeromonas bestiarum
s__UBA4372 sp900313705
s__Yersinia vastinensis
s__Geobacillus zalihae
s__Rufibacter sp014876185
s__JAJYPG01 sp021808485
s__Endomicrobium_A trichonymphae
s__AG-426-M11 sp003213095
s__UBA1539 sp002788135
s__Achromobacter animicus
s__MGBC133411 sp900540425
s__Muricomes contortus_B
s__UBA11549 sp900550445
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903886275
s__Coprosoma intestinipullorum
s__PALSA-747 sp903827945
s__Rahnella variigena
s__TMED-70 sp002703265
s__Aeromonas sobria
s__BACL14 sp017852315
s__Paenibacillus glucanolyticus
s__Phosphoribacter hodrii
s__Azotobacter chroococcum
s__Capnocytophaga periodontitidis
s__UBA4416 sp903893815
s__AG-339-G14 sp902553315
s__Centipeda artemidis
s__Streptomyces alfalfae
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_M
s__Dorea_D sp900543415
s__QYPT01 sp009698615
s__UMGS1668 sp900553955
s__UBA8904 sp012797505
s__Porticoccus sp002390285
s__RUG410 sp900769705
s__Snodgrassella alvi_E
s__Acetobacter indonesiensis
s__Enterococcus_B mundtii_C
s__Pseudomonas_E gingeri_D
s__Salinivibrio costicola
s__Limnobacter sp018815245
s__JAJYQJ01 sp021794655
s__Prevotella sp002353585
s__OLB5 sp002344125
s__Alloprevotella sp004557035
s__Pseudomonas_E sichuanensis
s__UBA2162 sp002335405
s__Roseburia sp910584215
s__Prevotella sp900553155
s__Angelakisella sp900552845
s__JABWCE01 sp947468275
s__UBA1062 sp001896555
s__Phascolarctobacterium sp900545535
s__Blautia ornithocaccae
s__Aquarickettsia rohweri
s__Desulfovibrio porci
s__Streptococcus suis_Y
s__Pseudoglutamicibacter albus
s__Lactobacillus amylolyticus
s__Evtepia sp004551945
s__Flemingibacterium sp900546315
s__Pseudomonas_E gingeri
s__Eubacterium limosum
s__Acinetobacter sp030053775
s__MWEV01 sp002071245
s__UBA12049 sp001784155
s__UBA2156 sp002328165
s__Mesorhizobium terrae
s__UBA2226 sp001777915
s__Prevotella sp900315835
s__Niallia circulans
s__Desulfovibrio piger_A
s__Alloprevotella sp900542795
s__Faeciplasma gallinarum
s__UA16 sp002390405
s__Nocardia cyriacigeorgica_B
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum orale
s__Vreelandella sp030440445
s__JADJOM01 sp016713785
s__Leptospirillum_A sp021846825
s__Mycobacterium neoaurum_A
s__Changpingibacter sp022648165
s__Pauljensenia odontolytica_A
s__CG2-30-66-41 sp002779825
s__Pacificispira sp002709955
s__Paenibacillus_B apiarius
s__Komagataeibacter europaeus
s__Pseudemcibacter sp002390425
s__Erwinia pyrifoliae
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023100905
s__Thiomonas sp021816585
s__Pseudomonas_E azotoformans
s__F1-140-MAGs142 sp003671055
s__RUG369 sp902786505
s__Dysosmobacter faecalis
s__UBA1715 sp002371705
s__CAG-269 sp000438255
s__Pauljensenia variabilis
s__BJ6 sp014584595
s__Treponema_D peruense
s__Legionella dumoffii
s__Gluconobacter albidus
s__IMCC9063 sp008638015
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp012964265
s__CAG-115 sp000432175
s__Barnesiella viscericola
s__Serratia surfactantfaciens
s__RUG131 sp900315885
s__Dialister sp900543165
s__2-02-FULL-49-12 sp001796315
s__AcAMD-2 sp943332445
s__Accumulibacter sp000585075
s__Rubneribacter badeniensis
s__CAG-238 sp900551415
s__Venatoribacter alkanivorans
s__CAKPSH01 sp022795675
s__Caccoplasma merdavium
s__Salinibacter pepae
s__Aeribacillus composti
s__Pseudobacillus badius
s__Thermophilibacter provencensis
s__ATM1 sp003577165
s__Pseudemcibacter sp018675425
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp905182865
s__Pusillimonas_A sp002384935
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_P
s__DTU010 sp002391385
s__Desulfobacter postgatei
s__BM002 sp002899795
s__Stercorousia sp949841365
s__Prevotella sp022771625
s__Clostridium_E jeddahense
s__MED-G52 sp001627925
s__Stercorousia sp000437435
s__Onthomorpha sp002358835
s__Ruminiclostridium papyrosolvens
s__Methylobacter_C sp903917345
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp910577415
s__Novacetimonas entanii
s__Cycloclasticus pugetii
s__Sphaerochaeta sp004294855
s__MGBC113645 sp910579135
s__Chromobacterium subtsugae
s__IMCC26207 sp009700815
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003852235
s__Planktomarina sp017856985
s__Oleibacter sp002331105
s__Gluconobacter_A japonicus
s__Sphingopyxis terrae_A
s__Prevotella sp900318915
s__Nitromaritima sp002731985
s__Hylemonella sp947454955
s__Campylobacter_A sp004803835
s__CAG-390 sp003523225
s__C-19 sp009917405
s__UBA7173 sp900545955
s__Mesomycoplasma ovipneumoniae_C
s__Chryseobacterium gambrini
s__Bacillus_A cereus_S
s__UBA3282 sp910584725
s__JAJXUD01 sp021783235
s__Scatavimonas sp900540275
s__CAILUG01 sp903853385
s__Alistipes sp015060115
s__Slackia exigua
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_F
s__UMGS1224 sp900549775
s__Blautia pullistercoris
s__UBA1711 sp900316235
s__Rothia sp902373285
s__Ferrovum sp021805445
s__Psychrobacter cryohalolentis
s__Scatavimonas merdipullorum
s__Alloprevotella sp900543155
s__Onthomonas sp900314485
s__RUG658 sp002448285
s__Alistipes sp017442365
s__Prevotella sp002354095
s__Dysosmobacter sp910583695
s__Proteus sp003144505
s__Pseudoalteromonas fuliginea
s__Paratractidigestivibacter sp003150175
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AG
s__Vibrio neptunius
s__Duncaniella sp910588795
s__Peptoniphilus_A harei
s__Sutterella parvirubra
s__Rothia sp001836735
s__Veillonella dispar
s__Xanthomonas sp001423585
s__Acutalibacter pullicola
s__AAA164-E04 sp002690655
s__Polaromonas sp947447355
s__UBA3789 sp900543055
s__HGM13222 sp900757485
s__Onthocola_B stercorigallinarum
s__UBA7434 sp002480045
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp002449635
s__JAEUSI01 sp016709315
s__Enterenecus faecium
s__Aquisediminimonas sp016704425
s__Prevotella stercoripullorum
s__UBA1752 sp900554405
s__JJ008 sp016719015
s__Caulobacter sp947480815
s__Eubacterium_J sp910586045
s__Aphodomorpha sp900540495
s__UBA1711 sp002372855
s__Caldanaerobacter subterraneus
s__Varibaculum cambriense_A
s__Tepidiforma glycogenicus
s__Wolbachia sp000829315
s__Acidithrix sp021841935
s__CAITWD01 sp903896045
s__Aliarcobacter thereius
s__Prevotella sp900315545
s__Enterocloster sp005845215
s__JAJZYI01 sp021803325
s__CAIUGU01 sp903884105
s__Xanthomonas prunicola
s__Rubrivivax sp903938815
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_E
s__Acinetobacter colistiniresistens
s__UBA7109 sp910575605
s__Pauljensenia sp000466265
s__Dysosmobacter sp004553545
s__Treponema_D sp900541945
s__Pseudomonas_E paraversuta
s__Barnesiella merdigallinarum
s__UBA2918 sp002349865
s__T78 sp002411175
s__Sphingobacterium sp002476975
s__UBA3789 sp910589335
s__RAAP-2 sp003141095
s__CAIWHR01 sp016720425
s__C7867-002 sp903872035
s__JABHGM01 sp018672055
s__Parvibacter sp910588725
s__Prevotella sp900540375
s__Prevotella timonensis_A
s__Fimisoma sp910588185
s__JAKAQQ01 sp021839245
s__Gemella sanguinis
s__Desulfolinea sp018645405
s__Parabacteroides segnis
s__Dielma fastidiosa
s__Coproplasma sp910579705
s__Pseudomonas_E marincola
s__Treponema_D sp014803985
s__Neisseria flava
s__UMGS2068 sp900769635
s__Burkholderia pseudomultivorans_A
s__Campylobacter_D sp900539255
s__CG2-30-70-394 sp001873295
s__Thauera mechernichensis
s__Olegusella sp900314685
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp016302165
s__Scatovivens sp949927455
s__UBA2963 sp002719715
s__Actinomyces oris_C
s__Burkholderia latens_A
s__Pseudomonas_E tritici
s__RF16 sp900319035
s__XBD2001 sp900116395
s__Pseudomonas sp002079985
s__CAG-269 sp900553985
s__UBA10103 sp943356775
s__Avelusimicrobium sp002329395
s__UBA10281 sp900767815
s__Neorhizobium galegae_C
s__Eubacterium_R sp900548085
s__Merdibacter merdavium
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_C
s__Janthinobacterium tructae
s__Merdousia sp000438015
s__Agathobaculum pullistercoris
s__Pelagibacter sp008638165
s__PALSA-747 sp903916385
s__Bacillus_A luti
s__Anoxybacillus gonensis
s__LB3-1 sp016781505
s__Fibrobacter sp946062555
s__Laedolimicola sp900553635
s__Leuconostoc lactis_A
s__Rhizobium binae
s__Wolbachia sp000376585
s__Bacteroides sp019412865
s__Neptunomonas phycophila
s__Spirillospora madurae
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003086695
s__Egerieousia sp002309115
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903877645
s__JAJXWB01 sp021781815
s__Flavobacterium sp026390995
s__Limivicinus sp002371675
s__Streptomyces flaveolus_A
s__CAJFPI01 sp022801715
s__JAFUYI01 sp900542055
s__Hydrogeniiclostridium mannosilyticum
s__Firm-07 sp905187695
s__UBA4372 sp017427185
s__Palsa-288 sp003162875
s__CAG-303 sp900539455
s__Jezberella montanilacus
s__Romboutsia sp904418825
s__Pauljensenia hyovaginalis
s__Frigoribacterium sp001421165
s__Basfia_A porcinus
s__UBA5976 sp009698575
s__Barnesiella_A sp900538705
s__Aquimarina algiphila
s__Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum
s__Limnocylindrus sp003670475
s__CAG-390 sp900753295
s__UBA1711 sp902790215
s__Geothrix sp903937385
s__Rhizobium sophorae
s__CAG-269 sp022792395
s__Staphylococcus pseudoxylosus
s__Trichodesmium erythraeum
s__Nitrospira_D sp002254365
s__Corynebacterium durum
s__Paracoccus yeei
s__Psychrobacter maritimus
s__CAINCQ01 sp903847095
s__CAG-449 sp900551385
s__SZUA-76 sp015491865
s__Phocaeicola sp000432735
s__Streptomyces avermitilis
s__Lentihominibacter sp022775805
s__Fimivicinus sp900544715
s__Malacoplasma_A sp949517355
s__Bacillus_I endophytica
s__Enterobacter cloacae_O
s__JABJGO01 sp018662225
s__Streptococcus oralis_BV
s__Vibrio splendidus_K
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp905479415
s__Enterocloster pacaense
s__Streptomyces parvulus
s__Dialister sp021633965
s__Prevotella sp004557285
s__CAG-267 sp910580155
s__Limadaptatus stercorigallinarum
s__Pseudomonas_E palleroniana
s__Laedolimicola sp910574255
s__Lactobacillus equicursoris
s__Chryseobacterium sp913775525
s__TMED112 sp902529055
s__Psychrobacter sp002836505
s__Sutterella seckii_A
s__Mediterraneibacter faecigallinarum
s__Scybalenecus merdavium
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp910584095
s__CF-162 sp022561635
s__Alloprevotella sp905369775
s__UBA4582 sp913050215
s__Legionella longbeachae
s__Alloprevotella sp004555055
s__UBA12225 sp014191415
s__Paracoccus pantotrophus
s__Acetobacter persici
s__Pseudomonas_E chengduensis
s__Coproplasma sp947572415
s__Roseinatronobacter monicus
s__JACRCG01 sp903939115
s__UBA2922 sp902802565
s__JAJQCF01 sp021202845
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AP
s__Choladousia sp902363665
s__Holdemania massiliensis
s__Azospirillum baldaniorum
s__JAJZIH01 sp021785265
s__Hominimerdicola alba
s__Limivivens sp900066135
s__Phaeobacter piscinae
s__Methylobacterium sp900112625
s__SYLG01 sp009691815
s__Pelethomonas sp947365965
s__Prevotella sp018385335
s__Parafannyhessea intestinalis
s__Vibrio tarriae
s__Tsukamurella tyrosinosolvens
s__UMGS902 sp900761025
s__UBA3263 sp014802435
s__Helicobacter_A bilis
s__Pullilachnospira stercoravium
s__SXMI01 sp903852755
s__CAG-1000 sp000436975
s__Bosea sp001556125
s__Idiomarina baltica
s__Prevotella sp946998205
s__BACL27 sp030727685
s__JADIYW01 sp016705125
s__UBA2475 sp947480015
s__Fimenecus excrementavium
s__Roseobacter sp947499265
s__UBA955 sp945870885
s__Bin125 sp009838915
s__UBA3015 sp001438005
s__UMGS882 sp900546385
s__CAG-269 sp905213875
s__Acetatifactor sp900554205
s__Phil12 sp900314725
s__UBA2134 sp002471805
s__Pseudomonas_E taiwanensis
s__Victivallis sp900768515
s__Myxococcus sp010998615
s__Lawsonibacter sp022798855
s__UBA6382 sp900557555
s__CAIYYX01 sp021811225
s__UBA9611 sp002721995
s__UBA8248 sp018669005
s__CAG-273 sp948735595
s__Pseudobutyricicoccus lothianensis
s__Mycobacterium marseillense
s__Thermobifida fusca
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002472565
s__Cupriavidus necator_D
s__Hominiventricola sp910583895
s__Metalachnospira sp900553995
s__UBA9145 sp002694855
s__REDSEA-S09-B13 sp002456995
s__Paraprevotella stercorigallinarum
s__Niallia circulans_A
s__Reinekea forsetii
s__Onthovivens sp900540365
s__Erythrobacter rubellus
s__Oliverpabstia sp000432335
s__Caldibacillus debilis
s__Paracidovorax sp913774625
s__43-108 sp001915545
s__Aristaeella sp900320755
s__Empedobacter brevis
s__Venatoribacter sp002706025
s__CAIJYI01 sp903824855
s__Stercorousia sp900556295
s__Wolbachia sp947250775
s__Flavobacterium sp903879645
s__Terrisporobacter sp022782605
s__Mycoplasma feriruminatoris
s__Moorena producens
s__UBA3125 sp002687745
s__Kaistella salipaludis
s__Fonsibacter sp000510845
s__Anaerococcus hydrogenalis
s__Firm-07 sp900548735
s__UBA868 sp002327725
s__JAJZWV01 sp021846565
s__Virgibacillus salexigens
s__Lepagella sp910579845
s__JAKBAT01 sp021826025
s__UBA953 sp903882335
s__Clostridium_B ljungdahlii
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945870315
s__UBA5884 sp900551505
s__Faeciplasma sp900553675
s__CAG-492 sp900553225
s__Halorhodospira halophila_A
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AI
s__Collinsella sp003471985
s__UBA6776 sp002453155
s__RAAP-2 sp947372925
s__UMGS1484 sp900552285
s__Cupriavidus taiwanensis
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp002737365
s__SXMI01 sp903873135
s__Polaribacter sp943846595
s__Pseudomonas_E asplenii
s__Sphingomonas sanguinis
s__Desulfovibrio faecigallinarum
s__JAJZLV01 sp021803215
s__Ferrovum myxofaciens
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900317065
s__Weimeria sp002480925
s__Barnesiella_B propionica
s__Blastomonas fulva
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_A
s__Alloprevotella sp022772475
s__Senegalimassilia sp003474385
s__Electrothrix gigas
s__Paenibacillus_B sp001894745
s__JADKJB01 sp016713525
s__Anaerobutyricum faecale
s__Weissella confusa_B
s__CAG-605 sp900545005
s__UBA1179 sp002340405
s__Parabacteroides chongii
s__UBA10281 sp900764105
s__Helicobacter_B fennelliae
s__Prevotella sp900318555
s__Parabacteroides acidifaciens
s__Burkholderia stabilis
s__IMCC26134_A sp000972765
s__Actinobacillus_B aerogenes
s__Allisonella pneumosinta
s__Rhodoferax sp903876735
s__Mesorhizobium sp002295115
s__JAMCWF01 sp021842405
s__UBA7971 sp002686885
s__Megamonas hypermegale_A
s__Thomasclavelia merdavium
s__CAG-314 sp900551395
s__GCA-2863045 sp002863045
s__Bacteroides propionicigenes
s__Lepagella sp910579305
s__Marinomonas polaris
s__Aphodousia sp002329575
s__Casp-alpha2 sp002938075
s__Thermoanaerobacter ethanolicus
s__Variovorax paradoxus_C
s__Fibrobacter sp900143055
s__Staphylococcus schweitzeri
s__DMER64 sp012515395
s__UBA9637 sp001797665
s__Corynebacterium sp024580955
s__Prevotella sp900557035
s__UBA2943 sp002350845
s__Veillonella sp009929605
s__Alitiscatomonas sp910585355
s__Halothiobacillus sp002281295
s__TMED14 sp001438205
s__Enemella evansiae
s__Vescimonas sp945877515
s__UBA5951 sp016779005
s__Eubacterium_R sp910584985
s__Arenimonas sp903942465
s__Egerieisoma sp900552695
s__Prevotella sp000433175
s__UBA10677 sp900543755
s__Acetobacter syzygii
s__Scatomorpha sp900759385
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp010024215
s__Acutalibacter timonensis
s__Borkfalkia excrementavium
s__UBA3818 sp900557155
s__RUG754 sp900315895
s__Dialister sp900541605
s__Pauljensenia turicensis_B
s__Aneurinibacillus migulanus
s__JAKBUF01 sp021844025
s__AAA044-D11 sp009726125
s__Anoxybacillus kestanbolensis
s__Jutongia sp900759665
s__UBA3402 sp021769025
s__Thiomonas sp027443745
s__UBA5456 sp023230025
s__Prevotella sp900316015
s__Spyradomonas excrementavium
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900769905
s__RGIG7114 sp017542425
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AU
s__Pseudomonas_E azotoformans_A
s__UBA964 sp945860725
s__Lelliottia jeotgali
s__UBA8752 sp002336475
s__UBA9645 sp001818155
s__Bifidobacterium scardovii
s__Klebsiella electrica
s__Paracoccus sp002294185
s__Leptotrichia wadei_A
s__Limosilactobacillus sp002299975
s__Limnohabitans sp009921465
s__Bandiella sp903887235
s__CAG-269 sp900555615
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001468485
s__Pectinatus frisingensis
s__RF16 sp002394335
s__Polynucleobacter sp947448625
s__Serpentinimonas maccroryi
s__Sediminibacterium sp903825065
s__Nocardia terpenica
s__Treponema_D sp002477955
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp002783865
s__Neorhizobium galegae_B
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947367565
s__Woodwardibium gallinarum
s__Prevotella sp902782305
s__Syner-03 sp002839185
s__Faecousia sp900544405
s__Hominiventricola sp910587495
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp910589275
s__Dialister micraerophilus
s__Ventrenecus sp905205665
s__Lachnoclostridium_B monacensis
s__RUG191 sp002373675
s__UBA952 sp903935095
s__Comamonas testosteroni_B
s__Bipolaricaulis anaerobius
s__Pseudothioglobus sp002711905
s__Merdimmobilis hominis
s__UBA3470 sp018665815
s__COE1 sp947567595
s__GCA-002701945 sp913062595
s__Coproplasma sp910586345
s__Brotaphodocola catenula
s__Ferrimicrobium acidiphilum
s__LC5-5 sp016781135
s__GCA-2786165 sp903877115
s__Egerieousia sp900316795
s__Afipia sp000497575
s__Lepagella sp900321585
s__CAG-826 sp000437235
s__Sphingobacterium kitahiroshimense
s__Murdochiella massiliensis_A
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AH
s__MED-G16 sp902523065
s__Exiguobacterium_A acetylicum
s__JAJZMK01 sp021829645
s__Metaruminococcus_A gallistercoris
s__Adlercreutzia_A sp910584145
s__Algoriphagus ornithinivorans
s__UBA7797 sp002480645
s__Limimorpha sp002310075
s__DTU064 sp021202555
s__JAAVYW01 sp022791315
s__JADKAC01 sp016715425
s__Frisingicoccus sp016298055
s__Tenacibaculum mesophilum
s__Rhodococcus erythropolis_D
s__Prosthecobacter sp903960845
s__UBA7741 sp900314495
s__Neisseria weaveri
s__Treponema_D sp016296655
s__UBA11606 sp002694825
s__Sulfitobacter litoralis
s__Collinsella sp905205405
s__Muricoprocola aceti
s__Enorma sp900751795
s__CAG-533 sp004563275
s__Kurthia intestinigallinarum
s__Breznakia blatticola
s__UBA1563 sp001871325
s__SXYR01 sp947451935
s__Achromobacter dolens
s__Elizabethkingia ursingii
s__Mesosutterella massiliensis
s__Phocaeicola sp000436795
s__Enterobacter asburiae_F
s__UBA3439 sp016778825
s__Lactobacillus sp910589175
s__Proteiniphilum sp002411515
s__Pseudomonas_E monteilii_A
s__Pectobacterium punjabense
s__UBA9611 sp002698265
s__Eisenbergiella intestinigallinarum
s__Pseudomonas_E koreensis
s__Luminiphilus sp003331335
s__Planktophila sp009702835
s__Bullifex sp022788185
s__UBA1424 sp002329705
s__Anaerostipes butyraticus
s__CAG-345 sp000433315
s__RUG11247 sp902767315
s__Wujia sp900539705
s__Rahnella perminowiae
s__Aminithiophilus sp018433595
s__RI-34 sp943329845
s__Clostridium_F tepidum
s__Roseburia sp900550935
s__JAAYPI01 sp012519885
s__Faecalibacterium sp900540455
s__Collinsella sp003436275
s__Zag111 sp950022495
s__Peribacter riflensis
s__Flavobacterium sp947448525
s__Woodwardibium sp900754535
s__JAJYYI01 sp021831785
s__JAKASW01 sp021825585
s__VXNJ01 sp009840625
s__Pseudomonas_E tensinigenes
s__Prevotella melaninogenica_B
s__UBA8110 sp002707655
s__Methylobacterium thiocyanatum
s__Acutalibacter stercorigallinarum
s__Caccovivens sp948514155
s__Owenweeksia sp002695025
s__Synechococcus_B sp022826535
s__Trueperella bernardiae
s__JAFBIX01 sp021531895
s__Hydrogenophaga sp011772445
s__Listeria fleischmannii
s__Acetatifactor sp900755865
s__UBA3465 sp002730875
s__Mesomycoplasma ovipneumoniae_A
s__Pseudomonas_E lactucae
s__Anaerotardibacter sp000434775
s__Alistipes sp900541585
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp002704555
s__Gallispira sp900551755
s__Brachybacterium alimentarium
s__Fimenecus stercoravium
s__Microbacterium sp003293595
s__Clostridium_X cadaveris
s__Corynebacterium urealyticum
s__Acidithrix sp021786375
s__Rhodococcus sp002259335
s__Micromonospora tulbaghiae
s__GCA-2704625 sp017640245
s__UBA8248 sp002685755
s__Mycoplasmopsis agalactiae
s__Prevotella sp900546575
s__Paenibacillus amylolyticus_B
s__UBA927 sp002430725
s__Lepagella sp910583795
s__UBA4457 sp018668255
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903911435
s__MB11C04 sp002692605
s__BCD5 sp013112825
s__Thiopseudomonas caeni
s__Ventricola sp004557905
s__Leptospira_A bandrabouensis
s__Marisimplicoccus sp004214015
s__Moraxella sp015223095
s__Cutibacterium namnetense
s__Petralouisia sp910587895
s__Enterovibrio escacola
s__Aeromonas veronii_A
s__Pararhizobium sp001425605
s__Acinetobacter cumulans
s__Acinetobacter bouvetii
s__Enterousia sp900549365
s__UBA10677 sp900767465
s__Macellibacteroides sp018054455
s__Pseudomonas_E neuropathica
s__RUG023 sp900315435
s__Cryobacterium levicorallinum
s__Treponema_D sp002396325
s__PALSA-926 sp021845905
s__Xiamenia sp910577495
s__Limisoma gallistercoris
s__Metallibacterium scheffleri
s__Nanopelagicus sp947486485
s__SIBU01 sp018968805
s__Bog-159 sp003166475
s__CAG-1193 sp934130375
s__Caproicibacterium sp002399445
s__UBA1568 sp002782305
s__Aquivivens invisus
s__Fournierella sp900543285
s__Neorhizobium pelagicum
s__JAKBAA01 sp021809425
s__Campylobacter_B hominis
s__GCA-2737665 sp903873905
s__Ezakiella coagulans
s__JAJZLH01 sp021803575
s__Prevotella absiana
s__UBA2128 sp002471865
s__Acidiphilium sp021808315
s__C-53 sp003612525
s__Fervidobacterium sp003526765
s__Lactococcus taiwanensis
s__GCA-2737725 sp002737725
s__Sneathia sanguinegens
s__Bosea minatitlanensis
s__Hominimerdicola sp902786965
s__DTIX01 sp021786815
s__CAG-873 sp910589055
s__Syntrophosphaera sp002376725
s__Acidiferrobacter sp003184265
s__Haemophilus_A paraphrohaemolyticus
s__Vibrio sinaloensis_D
s__Arcticimaribacter sp943789305
s__Prevotella sp900557405
s__UBA6659 sp002344135
s__Bifidobacterium ruminantium
s__UBA11549 sp002439085
s__Sediminibacterium sp947448725
s__CAIMGI01 sp903840505
s__Enterenecus sp910579155
s__UBA9973 sp001786195
s__UBA9629 sp001818235
s__Legionella anisa
s__Gracilimonas sp002694685
s__CAINMV01 sp903850915
s__Bartonella doshiae
s__Burkholderia metallica
s__CAG-791 sp902794825
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium sp021831025
s__Bifidobacterium asteroides
s__CAG-433 sp019423565
s__Spongiicolonus versatilis
s__Streptococcus sp934196125
s__Leucobacter sp002752355
s__Listeria immobilis
s__Apilactobacillus timberlakei
s__Akkermansia intestinavium
s__Brevibacillus formosus
s__Trichormus sp000009705
s__Coproplasma sp910579295
s__CAG-873 sp004552485
s__Acidaminococcus massiliensis
s__Sphingomonas sp001555965
s__JABBGTR01 sp018646985
s__Aminobacter ciceronei
s__Rhizobium sp017357385
s__Mesomycoplasma flocculare
s__UBA4572 sp021828525
s__Arcticimaribacter sp002477625
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030044775
s__Mageeibacillus indolicus
s__Spiroplasma poulsonii
s__UBA2192 sp012728915
s__Pseudomonas_E aylmerensis
s__Cupriavidus pauculus
s__Pediococcus parvulus
s__Pauljensenia sp000308055
s__Lepagella sp910584185
s__CAITSH01 sp945861875
s__CAIWHF01 sp903912405
s__Gilliamella apicola_C
s__Sediminibacterium sp903874055
s__Synechococcus_D sp024346075
s__UBA12079 sp001029775
s__Succinivibrio dextrinosolvens_A
s__AAA044-D11 sp009698045
s__HGM11377 sp900755035
s__Sodaliphilus sp902776835
s__Listeria_A newyorkensis
s__Enterobacter dykesii
s__Peptostreptococcus sp900759325
s__Mesorhizobium sp004020105
s__JAJYFR01 sp021810605
s__Fimiplasma intestinipullorum
s__CAG-791 sp900315055
s__CAG-917 sp000437555
s__Leifsonia sp900100265
s__Wolbachia pipientis_C
s__Holdemania sp900120005
s__Thioclava sediminum
s__Streptomyces platensis
s__CANFLV01 sp947448025
s__RGIG4284 sp022796795
s__UBA952 sp030730025
s__UBA2329 sp002344975
s__Thermophilibacter avistercoris
s__FACHB-T130 sp014695375
s__Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum_D
s__Buchnera aphidicola_I
s__Vibrio toranzoniae
s__Phaeobacter gallaeciensis
s__Protoclostridium gallicola
s__Brotaphodocola sp900770535
s__CAIKZY01 sp947449035
s__Cognaticolwellia sp014077005
s__Succinatimonas hippei
s__Paraburkholderia caballeronis
s__Opi-474 sp903881475
s__Ochrobactrum pseudintermedium
s__Pseudomonas_E pergaminensis
s__Pseudothermotoga_B elfii
s__Sediminibacterium sp903848125
s__JAKAHT01 sp021814805
s__Exiguobacterium aestuarii_A
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900101695
s__Mitsuokella sp003458855
s__SAR86A sp902612915
s__Ferruginibacter sp903858475
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002192255
s__Varibaculum timonense_A
s__UBA1142 sp002313925
s__Prevotella sp900316985
s__Pseudomonas_E orientalis_B
s__Egerieousia sp017935505
s__JAJZIH01 sp021810635
s__CAJBBX01 sp903951425
s__Cedecea davisae
s__Syner-03 sp012727545
s__Borkfalkia stercoripullorum
s__Gabonibacter massiliensis
s__CAG-475 sp002449145
s__CAMDTE01 sp945865885
s__Fibrobacter sp900313675
s__Methylobacter_C sp003584865
s__Cyanobium_A sp025128025
s__UMGS1781 sp900555075
s__Veillonella sp900550455
s__Streptomyces asiaticus
s__Terrisporobacter sp900557165
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946560015
s__Abiotrophia defectiva
s__Enterococcus_I aquimarinus
s__Vibrio sp002875705
s__Flavobacterium odoratum
s__Parasynechococcus sp000737575
s__WVZY01 sp011772205
s__Limadaptatus sp900754695
s__Fen-1260 sp003162635
s__S143-107 sp015489815
s__Acetobacter cerevisiae
s__GCA-2698665 sp018667355
s__JAGFWP01 sp017639935
s__Streptomyces xinghaiensis
s__Butyribacter sp910575435
s__Treponema_D sp018385415
s__RFYP01 sp017852395
s__JAAZVD01 sp943788505
s__Alcanivorax jadensis
s__UBA11712 sp000995965
s__Brooklawnia sp012517405
s__Staphylococcus argensis
s__JAJZNM01 sp021798795
s__UBA11996 sp002320875
s__Treponema_D sp900767955
s__Acinetobacter piscicola_A
s__Streptococcus parasuis
s__Methylotenera mobilis_B
s__Blautia_A sp003474435
s__Merdousia sp002437405
s__Mesorhizobium sp004020545
s__UBA1543 sp002779605
s__CAG-115 sp910577365
s__UBA7173 sp900546835
s__Enterococcus_C dispar
s__Phytobacter ursingii
s__UBA1723 sp002392915
s__Anoxybacillus_A rupiensis
s__Leptospira yasudae
s__Sutterella massiliensis
s__SFRY01 sp004562065
s__Secundilactobacillus kimchicus
s__Acidithiobacillus sp021818125
s__Firm-16 sp900317035
s__JAJZLH01 sp021827745
s__Prevotella sp900556395
s__Kluyvera ascorbata_B
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio aespoeensis
s__Mitsuokella sp900552565
s__Massilistercora timonensis
s__JAAXQD01 sp012974475
s__Kluyvera ascorbata
s__UBA9611 sp022451925
s__Chromohalobacter israelensis
s__Coproplasma sp910578565
s__UMGS1071 sp900541905
s__Eubacterium_F sp910585745
s__Enterocloster excrementipullorum
s__CACNXK01 sp902518715
s__UBA4951 sp900540385
s__Streptococcus mitis_BX
s__JAMCVM01 sp023475835
s__UMGS1663 sp950096965
s__Parafannyhessea sp900538935
s__Nitrospira_A sp001567445
s__Desulfobacillus sp002840845
s__Bacillus_A sp002584985
s__Acinetobacter vivianii
s__Duffyella gerundensis
s__Achromobacter insuavis_A
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021781285
s__SXQI01 sp008933045
s__Desulfovibrio piger
s__SIG204 sp900544605
s__UBA4345 sp002362105
s__Helicobacter_D winghamensis
s__Occallatibacter sp021781795
s__Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale
s__MB11C04 sp002500665
s__Virgibacillus salarius
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A intestinigallinarum
s__Corynebacterium argentoratense
s__UBA987 sp002292105
s__Bact-11 sp902778855
s__SXXZ01 sp005805505
s__Caccovivens sp003522085
s__UBA4372 sp017631315
s__Methylobacter_C sp003584875
s__CAG-177 sp900771185
s__Mesonia mobilis
s__Alloclostridium intestinigallinarum
s__UMGS363 sp900541495
s__Flavobacterium sp003968755
s__Aeromonas taiwanensis
s__Nitrosomonas sp016708955
s__UBA953 sp030725715
s__Vibrio diazotrophicus
s__Intestinimonas pullistercoris
s__Prevotella sp002437565
s__Spongiibacter marinus
s__UBA2126 sp004124385
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_O
s__JAJZBZ01 sp021804965
s__HGM11372 sp900767715
s__Mesorhizobium sp006440675
s__UBA3839 sp900314125
s__UBA3766 sp900313265
s__Laedolimicola sp948330435
s__Mesorhizobium sp003952385
s__Roseburia sp900753715
s__JACCTH01 sp025922945
s__Acidipropionibacterium acidipropionici
s__Harrysmithimonas galli
s__S20-B6 sp002346745
s__Paenibacillus silvae
s__Parasulfuritortus sp002782005
s__UBA1546 sp001871685
s__Oribacterium sinus
s__Achromobacter bronchisepticus_A
s__VXYK01 sp009845995
s__UBA4582 sp002389265
s__CAIXSE01 sp903862845
s__WG-1 sp900539665
s__Bacteroides fluxus
s__Moraxella nonliquefaciens
s__Scatomonas merdigallinarum
s__Marinirhabdus sp002375495
s__Dysosmobacter sp910576865
s__Ruminococcus_E sp910585865
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016295455
s__Paraprevotella sp003477995
s__JAJZBS01 sp021851885
s__Bifidobacterium reuteri
s__Polynucleobacter sp903821995
s__Eubacterium_R sp900539425
s__Microthrix subdominans
s__SFLA01 sp004553575
s__UBA721 sp002701385
s__Gordonia terrae
s__Duodenibacillus sp900542805
s__Streptococcus sp001813105
s__UBA10281 sp900556195
s__Scatousia sp000431315
s__Stercorousia faecigallinarum
s__LD21 sp012519515
s__Arachnia rubra
s__Aquirufa antheringensis
s__Sulfobacillus sp021841025
s__Xanthobacter sp021401125
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp025929745
s__PN-J185 sp001581925
s__JAJZCK01 sp021846125
s__UMGS1696 sp900554225
s__Alistipes_A sp900545315
s__Acidithrix sp021795585
s__Saccharofermentans sp902764825
s__Yersinia similis
s__Dickeya chrysanthemi
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni_C
s__JANLIR01 sp021786355
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003208875
s__Prevotella sp000431975
s__Prevotella sp900318685
s__Rosenbergiella nectarea
s__UBA4951 sp002397465
s__CAJLXD01 sp949493535
s__UBA3375 sp900551955
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_L
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903878285
s__Corynebacterium cystitidis
s__UBA4372 sp002316015
s__UBA7326 sp002708305
s__Mediterraneibacter faecipullorum
s__UBA9973 sp001786955
s__Blautia pullicola
s__Vibrio penaeicida
s__Eubacterium_G sp900550135
s__Fructobacillus fructosus
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A acidiphilum
s__Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum
s__Ferruginibacter sp903878475
s__SXXK01 sp003670925
s__Alloprevotella sp900768625
s__UBA4372 sp902788315
s__RGIG1476 sp017965665
s__CAIPUP01 sp903868285
s__UBA2170 sp018652955
s__Abyssibacter sp023146115
s__S20-B6 sp002699725
s__Streptomyces tricolor
s__Galloscillospira_B excrementipullorum
s__Olsenella_H porci
s__Streptococcus oralis_BW
s__W0P31-042 sp004557195
s__Pseudomonas_E baltica
s__UBA12567 sp003520025
s__CAITNM01 sp943322985
s__Corynebacterium riegelii
s__Mesotoga sp003664995
s__JAKASX01 sp021832085
s__Desulfovibrio sp900243745
s__RGIG7193 sp022793375
s__Acinetobacter sp001626925
s__40CM-2-70-7 sp003222205
s__CAIJMU01 sp903821875
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903835005
s__Negativicoccus succinicivorans
s__CAG-475 sp900548005
s__UBA1212 sp002309655
s__Rhizobium sp002117485
s__Polynucleobacter sp903826775
s__Roseivirga thermotolerans
s__UBA1067 sp002350535
s__UBA9933 sp001029635
s__Acetatifactor sp018385425
s__CAG-488 sp016292785
s__UBA920 sp002293685
s__Limivicinus sp900319695
s__PTKB01 sp018666805
s__Clostridium cuniculi
s__UBA6382 sp002372095
s__Lachnoclostridium_A sp002160755
s__ER46 sp903896015
s__Curtobacterium sp003234565
s__Colwellia_A sp014076845
s__Blautia sp900539145
s__QNYK01 sp018694835
s__Lachnospira sp900772425
s__UMGS1591 sp900553255
s__Moraxella ovis
s__Pseudomonas_E toyotomiensis
s__Winkia neuii
s__Lachnoclostridium_A avicola
s__Deinococcus sp002017875
s__UBA4293 sp002395835
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002112385
s__Listeria goaensis
s__Acetobacterium wieringae
s__Taurinivorans sp948482415
s__Bosea sp902506165
s__Selenomonas_A sp900769615
s__Paraburkholderia madseniana
s__UMGS1975 sp900546685
s__Alistipes sp900548155
s__Faecalibacterium avium
s__CADAEX01 sp902787125
s__Rubrivivax sp903828235
s__JALYXV01 sp030838045
s__UBA8752 sp905478795
s__Pseudoscilispira sp018369915
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030656115
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002314195
s__Sphingobium indicum
s__Rhodoferax sp945861195
s__UBA668 sp002299395
s__Pseudoalteromonas gelatinilytica
s__Roseovarius mucosus_A
s__Gallimonas intestinalis
s__CALCLY01 sp900552775
s__QAMX01 sp003149835
s__Synergistes jonesii
s__Protoclostridium sp019113265
s__Oceaniferula sp003527555
s__Vibrio fujianensis
s__UMGS1477 sp900552205
s__Dermacoccus abyssi
s__Pseudomonas_E guariconensis_B
s__UBA2277 sp000998275
s__NK4A136 sp000421045
s__Congzhengia minquanensis
s__Ochrobactrum_B teleogrylli
s__Sulfurimonas sp013791885
s__JAJYVT01 sp021822565
s__Mycobacterium xenopi
s__Mycobacterium kubicae
s__Prevotella shahii
s__UBA4675 sp002405165
s__Terrisporobacter petrolearius
s__MED-G14 sp902595555
s__QALR01 sp900552255
s__UBA10906 sp903848935
s__Xenorhabdus nematophila
s__Enteromonas sp002321395
s__Bacteroides cutis
s__Billgrantia desiderata
s__GCA-002733185 sp004213605
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900753095
s__GWA1-44-29 sp001778695
s__DAHUXN01 sp030037775
s__Clostridium_T intestinale
s__UBA952 sp905480165
s__CACNXK01 sp902622845
s__SIG307 sp910577175
s__Gallimonas merdae
s__Corynebacterium sp022346005
s__Pseudomonas_E granadensis
s__Prevotella sp022773825
s__Photobacterium sp003026105
s__Scatosoma sp900555925
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp000817085
s__Porphyromonas macacae
s__Christensenella hongkongensis
s__Lawsonibacter sp947073765
s__Janthinobacterium lividum_C
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900583165
s__JABWBH01 sp013360585
s__Jonquetella anthropi
s__Bradyrhizobium liaoningense
s__UBA3263 sp014801955
s__Mycobacterium mageritense
s__Flavobacterium oreochromis
s__UBA952 sp945883825
s__Gordonia rubripertincta
s__UBA3006 sp002367695
s__Oceanicaulis sp000152745
s__Alloprevotella sp000431275
s__Blautia argi
s__Fimbriimonas sp903927025
s__Streptomyces cacaoi
s__CAG-762 sp000432575
s__Crocosphaera watsonii
s__Gemmiger sp900545545
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_N
s__Onthovivens sp900540395
s__UBA3818 sp910578255
s__Shinella sumterensis
s__Clostridium sp900759995
s__Bulleidia moorei
s__CAIWHR01 sp943331295
s__Thioglobus_A sp900128515
s__Prevotella sp900767615
s__Prevotella sp900319905
s__Vreelandella alkaliphila
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_D
s__Alteromonas naphthalenivorans
s__Pseudonocardia sp001294645
s__UBA1712 sp902789785
s__Daejeonella schmidteae_A
s__Faecousia sp900553805
s__Phenylobacterium deserti_A
s__Enterousia sp016301865
s__Anaeroglobus geminatus
s__UBA2798 sp002351955
s__UBA9983 sp000996035
s__SZUA-226 sp004357365
s__UBA6055 sp022823165
s__Portiera aleyrodidarum
s__Staphylococcus intermedius
s__Sodaliphilus sp002353885
s__Streptomyces buecherae
s__CABZJG01 sp902512685
s__UBA737 sp900543215
s__Chryseobacterium gleum
s__UBA3015 sp002367435
s__Pseudomonas_E yamanorum_A
s__Aurantimicrobium photophilum
s__RUG131 sp900549975
s__SHAN690 sp002336485
s__CAG-449 sp000432895
s__Dokdonella sp016712865
s__Wolbachia pipientis_B
s__Legionella sainthelensi
s__Acidaminococcus timonensis
s__Neisseria cerebrosa
s__Ruminobacter sp900315145
s__Faecousia sp016302405
s__Faecivicinus sp900759005
s__Occallatibacter sp003170825
s__Lentihominibacter excrementipullorum
s__Acinetobacter gyllenbergii
s__Niallia alba
s__Limisoma intestinavium
s__UBA2918 sp902788865
s__JAKARO01 sp021821885
s__Bartonella rochalimae
s__CAJBEU01 sp903952265
s__Acinetobacter dispersus
s__Limosilactobacillus intestinipullorum
s__Rhizobium sp003024605
s__Coproplasma avistercoris
s__Nitrosomonas nitrosa
s__Corynebacterium zhongnanshanii
s__Synechococcus_C sp001632165
s__AC2028 sp902761225
s__Marinobacter adhaerens
s__Paenibacillus sp000499205
s__GCA-2712665 sp002938035
s__Hyphomonas atlantica
s__UBA868 sp016776875
s__GCA-002701945 sp002701945
s__Rhodoferax sp903839085
s__Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum
s__UBA3857 sp900313585
s__OLB11 sp016711825
s__LD21 sp001768195
s__Malacoplasma_A sp910578525
s__Pseudomonas_E prosekii
s__Polycyclovorans sp002706265
s__UMGS1498 sp900552335
s__JAKAZS01 sp021815785
s__Acetobacter thailandicus
s__Bifidobacterium asteroides_I
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_Q
s__Cryosericum sp903871855
s__CAMDKS01 sp947468665
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947565505
s__CAG-196 sp949902595
s__UBA10566 sp002399565
s__Anaerococcus vaginalis
s__JAFUXM01 sp017449135
s__Pseudomonas_E haemolytica
s__Prevotella sp900320255
s__UBA4636 sp900770945
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003028475
s__Myxococcus fulvus
s__UMGS1491 sp900552265
s__Megasphaera sp002431345
s__DUNF01 sp012839485
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_H
s__Eggerthella sinensis
s__JABHZW01 sp018656005
s__SG8-38 sp004283055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002439585
s__Giesbergeria sp010020825
s__Sphaerochaeta sp001604325
s__SXSI01 sp005792285
s__Paraburkholderia graminis
s__Chimaeribacter arupi
s__Streptomyces mutabilis
s__Pelethomonas intestinigallinarum
s__UBA1829 sp900549415
s__UMGS775 sp900545325
s__Arthrobacter_H sp030452125
s__Zeimonas sp003577305
s__CAG-1193 sp900550145
s__CAIKKG01 sp903827975
s__Erwinia billingiae
s__UMGS692 sp900544545
s__CAG-488 sp900554995
s__Limivicinus sp002320035
s__Faecivicinus sp900553265
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp900112855
s__JABEUN01 sp021842145
s__Collinsella sp003469205
s__Murimonas intestini
s__Duncaniella sp910578445
s__Polynucleobacter sp947447945
s__UMGS1474 sp900547105
s__Mycobacterium goodii
s__CAG-448 sp000433415
s__UBA12068 sp000991245
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp022799035
s__UBA4372 sp945865175
s__Coprenecus sp000432775
s__Anoxybacillus ayderensis
s__UBA10906 sp903870545
s__Gordonia sputi
s__Enterobacter chuandaensis
s__Rhodoluna sp903824455
s__Mediterraneibacter_A butyricigenes
s__VSOB01 sp910585205
s__Mesorhizobium sp003952485
s__COE1 sp900753305
s__Limosilactobacillus caviae
s__Parasynechococcus marenigrum
s__Saccharofermentans sp900111435
s__BACL21 sp002335345
s__Mediterraneibacter ornithocaccae
s__CAG-269 sp900556345
s__JACTMZ01 sp903934135
s__Microcoleus sp004292745
s__Acinetobacter sp002165255
s__Paenibacillus polysaccharolyticus
s__JAAYDK01 sp012523305
s__Limivicinus sp902778665
s__Corynebacterium pyruviciproducens
s__CAIJKW01 sp903848795
s__Lepagella sp910585275
s__Bovifimicola sp900314525
s__JAKAQQ01 sp021798115
s__Acidibrevibacterium sp021801465
s__Methylococcus capsulatus
s__Onthomorpha sp900546465
s__Pseudomonas_E peli
s__UBA3439 sp002378605
s__Staphylococcus petrasii
s__Alcanivorax borkumensis
s__JAILFK01 sp017634455
s__Liquorilactobacillus satsumensis
s__Limisoma sp004561555
s__Actinobacillus_A porcitonsillarum
s__Sphingobacterium mizutaii
s__Alloprevotella sp900321445
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_C
s__28-YEA-48 sp903916165
s__AG-430-B22 sp003212795
s__Gemmiger stercorigallinarum
s__Vescimonas sp934591815
s__Syntrophorhabdus sp002067585
s__UBA2882 sp002362385
s__CAIMZW01 sp947380835
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900596015
s__BJGN01 sp030728245
s__Roseburia_C sp900315735
s__M0103 sp903873915
s__Rhizobium sp900468625
s__Cetobacterium_A sp905216205
s__Cellulomonas uda
s__Schaedlerella agrestimuris
s__Lentimonas sp902728235
s__JAKCDU01 sp021808785
s__Petralouisia sp910585895
s__Treponema_D sp016293645
s__RAAP-2 sp021779735
s__Kluyvera cryocrescens
s__UBA8337 sp900197605
s__Hugonella massiliensis
s__Chryseobacterium indoltheticum
s__Capnocytophaga leadbetteri_A
s__AAA044-D11 sp903838035
s__Macrococcus_B armenti
s__Bifidobacterium mellis
s__HIMB59 sp902530745
s__Fibrobacter sp900142495
s__UBA7173 sp947643665
s__Emergencia sp904420065
s__Shewanella sp002873135
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp905479435
s__Caproicibacterium sp902809935
s__UBA9973 sp000989515
s__CAIKZZ01 sp903862885
s__UMGS1883 sp905195005
s__JAKCDU01 sp021838445
s__Caballeronia cordobensis
s__Collinsella sp905215525
s__Vibrio cidicii
s__UBA8316 sp003538555
s__Fen-1231 sp947471365
s__Lactobacillus delbrueckii_B
s__UBA9410 sp014240365
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318865
s__Aliivibrio sifiae
s__Pseudomonas_E mohnii
s__Methylotenera sp030684185
s__SCQM01 sp021810525
s__CAG-873 sp004553485
s__UBA1062 sp002316295
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947450895
s__Palsa-465 sp021784895
s__Pseudomonas pseudonitroreducens
s__UBA11663 sp002863145
s__Microbispora triticiradicis
s__UBA2813 sp900319365
s__RAAP-2 sp003133075
s__Weimeria sp900315505
s__Prevotella sp945869265
s__RUG114 sp900315615
s__Mediterraneibacter massiliensis
s__Serratia marcescens_J
s__UBA3282 sp910579505
s__Succinivibrio faecicola
s__RACS-045 sp910588015
s__SFDP01 sp004558185
s__Parabacteroides sp900548175
s__Companilactobacillus farciminis
s__Prevotella sp900322035
s__UBA3766 sp002393735
s__Treponema_D sp016292805
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021841585
s__HTCC2207 sp002457245
s__Sporofaciens sp947652615
s__Helicobacter acinonychis
s__Polynucleobacter sp002292975
s__Fusobacterium_C gonidiaformans
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948945085
s__Dysosmobacter sp910585165
s__Rossellomorea marisflavi_A
s__Vescimonas sp900757415
s__Marvinbryantia sp900550755
s__Nanopelagicus sp010030895
s__Bordetella pseudohinzii
s__JACDAU01 sp016781845
s__Eubacterium_G sp900548465
s__Microcoleus sp013299185
s__Sinorhizobium aridi
s__Coprobacter sp900545915
s__UBA822 sp002731735
s__Ochrobactrum tritici
s__Prevotella sp022788105
s__UBA2161 sp002328835
s__Cyanobium sp943325005
s__Opi-474 sp903839035
s__CAG-411 sp000437275
s__PALSA-747 sp947372165
s__Chromobacterium piscinae
s__UBA3263 sp002490725
s__UBA11654 sp001629325
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp002713545
s__Roseivirga pacifica
s__Hominimerdicola alba_C
s__UBA868 sp010025385
s__GCA-2731375 sp002731375
s__Mediterraneibacter avicola
s__QWPT01 sp003671025
s__Deferrimicrobium sp002279275
s__Nanosyncoccus sp937889535
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AG
s__Methylomonas sp903918375
s__Cardiobacterium hominis
s__Capnocytophaga cynodegmi
s__Caproiciproducens sp000752215
s__Acetobacter sp017413025
s__Campylobacter_A pinnipediorum
s__UBA4572 sp021828375
s__Pseudonocardia sp001420995
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A canis
s__BM004 sp002868955
s__Caccovicinus merdipullorum
s__Chordicoccus sp902788035
s__Micrococcus lylae
s__RAAP-2 sp903893745
s__Microbacterium sp023149035
s__Aurantimonas coralicida
s__SKYB132 sp022683945
s__MWEM01 sp002071085
s__RAAP-2 sp021818025
s__UBA955 sp024643755
s__HGM13618 sp900753975
s__Staphylococcus xylosus_B
s__GCA-2730555 sp002730555
s__Aquicultor_A secundus
s__UBA964 sp903885195
s__Atopobium minutum
s__CAG-557 sp000435275
s__Zag111 sp900555325
s__Sporofaciens sp910584575
s__Massiliimalia timonensis
s__Polynucleobacter sp903871735
s__AG-339-G14 sp902616715
s__CACNYO01 sp902542145
s__Agrobacterium rosae
s__Prevotella sp900554695
s__Marinobacter sp023311895
s__Scatosoma sp900552625
s__UMGS2069 sp900554955
s__REEB422 sp945872365
s__Franconibacter pulveris
s__Ructibacterium sp900550775
s__UBA10009 sp001001205
s__Coprenecus pullicola
s__Polaribacter sp001873065
s__Clostridium septicum
s__Ehrlichia chaffeensis
s__Shinella yambaruensis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp900114915
s__Bifidobacterium merycicum
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp002294285
s__DTU049 sp001512885
s__UBA1328 sp002501045
s__Alistipes_A pullicola
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945827785
s__Azonexus phosphoritrophus
s__Serratia_B rhizosphaerae
s__Kluyvera georgiana_A
s__Coproplasma stercoravium
s__Edwardiiplasma sp023566355
s__SABY01 sp012523265
s__UBA974 sp002292405
s__SG8-38 sp019313915
s__Lawsonibacter sp022796195
s__Collinsella sp900556495
s__Hominimerdicola sp900318545
s__Thiovibrio sp002841785
s__Telluria timonae
s__UBA961 sp014191195
s__Brachymonas sp017993135
s__GCA-2862715 sp002862715
s__UBA1227 sp900545655
s__MS024-2A sp009886625
s__Haemophilus_A sputorum
s__Lawsonibacter sp950097245
s__UBA5216 sp947467315
s__Pirellula_B sp003671195
s__UBA693 sp903913865
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaliphila_B
s__Bulleidia sp022644565
s__UBA7887 sp002501105
s__Sheuella sp947380655
s__Eubacterium_R sp910577195
s__Rhizobium sp001664485
s__Duodenibacillus sp900552545
s__Muricomes sp000509105
s__Janibacter hoylei
s__Amycolatopsis mediterranei
s__UBA724 sp002723075
s__Dehalococcoides mccartyi_A
s__UMGS1865 sp900555785
s__UBA8260 sp003134115
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_N
s__Sphingopyxis sp001468225
s__Faecalibacterium faecigallinarum
s__Succiniclasticum sp002342505
s__Casp-actino5 sp017859395
s__UBA8904 sp002304995
s__Pseudomonas_E asgharzadehiana
s__Protofrankia coriariae
s__UBA7185 sp002491065
s__CAJBNH01 sp903955385
s__Anaerostipes excrementavium
s__Sulcia muelleri
s__Rhizobium acidisoli
s__Sediminibacterium sp903824725
s__Microbacterium hominis
s__Haemophilus_D pittmaniae
s__Occallatibacter sp003161045
s__CAIMOR01 sp903835235
s__UBA953 sp903925205
s__Bacteroides sp910578895
s__QUBU01 sp014337915
s__Alistipes sp900550925
s__Sphingopyxis granuli
s__CACNYO01 sp902594855
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002439805
s__MB11C04 sp018607205
s__Gallibacter intestinalis
s__Nanopelagicus sp009698515
s__Parafannyhessea sp003862195
s__Achromobacter piechaudii
s__HGM10818 sp905211265
s__Hallerella succinigenes
s__Azophilus sp009843635
s__CAG-302 sp900548425
s__Treponema_D sp016293495
s__Bin94 sp009841475
s__TCS55 sp002471845
s__CAIOGI01 sp903857825
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium sp021794335
s__Arthrobacter_B sunyaminii
s__Coproplasma sp910579585
s__Allorhizobium sp001713475
s__Collinsella sp003479805
s__Comamonas sp002472915
s__Scatomorpha gallistercoris
s__Bog-756 sp903906055
s__Aerococcus sp001813115
s__JAKBAT01 sp021808815
s__Pseudoalteromonas shioyasakiensis
s__Blautia_A sp900541345
s__Aphodocola sp910580135
s__Thermosynechococcus sp008386235
s__Borkfalkia sp904373255
s__HGM12669 sp900761935
s__Prevotella buccalis
s__Neorhizobium flavum
s__T1Sed10-7 sp003561535
s__Limiplasma sp004556545
s__Polaribacter sp018608545
s__CAG-698 sp000431235
s__Azonexus agitatus
s__UBA10151 sp001776935
s__Bruticola sp004554425
s__Prevotella copri_G
s__Fonsibacter sp018882565
s__UBA1544 sp002774425
s__Gordonia bronchialis
s__CALZKI01 sp945787995
s__MED-G85 sp003331505
s__Arctic95D-9 sp022424805
s__Francisella salimarina
s__UBA7441 sp002480015
s__UBA7398 sp947498205
s__Dysosmobacter pullicola
s__Rhodobacter capsulatus_B
s__Enterobacter_D kobei_A
s__Olegusella sp900315165
s__Sulfitobacter sp001634775
s__Limosilactobacillus sp946579075
s__Ferrithrix sp021790735
s__Parabacteroides hominis
s__Merdicola sp018371855
s__Cellulomonas iranensis
s__Neisseria perflava_A
s__Octadecabacter sp018608045
s__UBA10566 sp002407855
s__UBA4644 sp900763355
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902785575
s__Spongiisocius sp009841075
s__CAIUKX01 sp945888595
s__UBA4372 sp002494215
s__Pseudomonas_E soli
s__CACCCN01 sp905182145
s__Liberibacter solanacearum
s__GCA-2786165 sp945878975
s__UBA9410 sp002348705
s__Planktophila sp009698445
s__Rhizobium sp900467745
s__Microcystis wesenbergii
s__CAG-877 sp000433455
s__Petrotoga mobilis
s__Yoonia sp947488175
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp900539715
s__Facklamia hominis
s__CAG-269 sp001916035
s__Huintestinicola sp002395525
s__UBA4951 sp002404865
s__Blautia hominis
s__Pseudomonas_B oryzihabitans_B
s__Copromonas faecavium
s__GWB1-54-5 sp001787755
s__Kryptonium tengchongense
s__HIMB30 sp018401755
s__Mesorhizobium sp004020365
s__BACL27 sp030827545
s__LS-NOB sp003545625
s__Bin94 sp009838975
s__Granulicella sp021819585
s__UBA4765 sp002365175
s__CAAFZY01 sp900767645
s__Capnocytophaga granulosa
s__Phocaeicola sp947574505
s__Geobacillus sp002809955
s__RUG11867 sp910587535
s__Ferruginibacter pinensis_D
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A succinatutens_A
s__UBA10438 sp903939735
s__UBA816 sp002313635
s__Celeribacter baekdonensis
s__Peptococcus niger
s__Oceanobacillus kimchii
s__JASGCK01 sp947450645
s__Parabacteroides massiliensis
s__Aphodosoma sp016292775
s__Flavobacterium sp945881885
s__Fibrobacter sp900142465
s__Bacteroides sp900765785
s__Sediminibacterium sp947371755
s__Burkholderia plantarii
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948614045
s__Bacteroides sp900553815
s__Pseudomonas_E cichorii
s__AEGEAN-183 sp012965075
s__HGM11501 sp900766735
s__UBA830 sp002471575
s__Corynebacterium minutissimum
s__JAJYVU01 sp021791875
s__Vibrio tubiashii
s__Villigracilis sp002343775
s__Curtobacterium sp003224335
s__Aggregatibacter segnis_B
s__Thioclava nitratireducens
s__Janthinobacterium sp001758725
s__Roseburia sp003483745
s__Campylobacter_E canadensis
s__JAACDM01 sp009936795
s__Brevibacillus porteri
s__Coprococcus sp900548215
s__Palsa-465 sp023330665
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900589395
s__Streptococcus cristatus
s__QIAJ01 sp003132405
s__Limnohabitans sp903842945
s__Vibrio sp000960595
s__UMGS872 sp900546275
s__Ferrimonas balearica
s__Taenaricola geyseris
s__ATCC-39006 sp002847015
s__Anaerotardibacter sp000431675
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp005777205
s__JACZYA01 sp022571295
s__Midichloria mitochondrii
s__UBA7173 sp001701135
s__Merdousia sp900760665
s__MGBC140009 sp910586015
s__Prevotella sp900315745
s__UBA629 sp900316625
s__UBA10324 sp947474435
s__UBA6984 sp900550295
s__Faeciplasma sp002491605
s__Legionella gormanii
s__Streptomyces antimycoticus
s__Mediterraneibacter norwichensis
s__PALSA-747 sp947377725
s__Limimorpha sp900317155
s__VGMB01 sp945875745
s__Nanosyncoccus sp949070545
s__Methylovulum sp903928685
s__UBA2031 sp002333145
s__UBA2463 sp945901825
s__UMGS995 sp910586635
s__Acinetobacter terrae
s__Algibacter lectus
s__Mycobacterium sp009729415
s__Neisseria flavescens
s__UBA3439 sp017859295
s__UBA953 sp903909465
s__UBA7177 sp910578965
s__Prevotella sp902762325
s__JAJZGD01 sp021827645
s__Prevotella mizrahii
s__Faecousia sp900752285
s__Gimesia maris
s__Ruminococcus sp016303195
s__Limnohabitans sp947381325
s__Ruthenibacterium avium
s__UBA2821 sp902763335
s__Chromobacterium vaccinii
s__Kaistella beijingensis
s__Serratia_J proteamaculans_E
s__Sphingobium sp900218065
s__Mycobacterium pseudokansasii
s__CAG-510 sp002432425
s__Pseudoalteromonas aliena
s__UA16 sp002390615
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900556585
s__UMGS1271 sp900550255
s__Methylobacterium brachiatum
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947451385
s__UMGS1279 sp900550315
s__RF16 sp002452095
s__VXRD01 sp009838845
s__Varibaculum cambriense
s__Mailhella merdavium
s__Brotaphodocola sp900540335
s__Bariatricus massiliensis
s__Pseudovibrio sp900143565
s__Geobacillus thermophilus
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318255
s__Shinella sp001262505
s__Clostridium_J argentinense
s__Clostridium_I pasteurianum
s__CAISIP01 sp903885415
s__AWTP1-35 sp003962875
s__UMGS1781 sp900553365
s__Frisingicoccus sp900757195
s__IMCC26256 sp943328625
s__Burkholderia aenigmatica
s__GCA-2737595 sp903863015
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948514425
s__UBA2466 sp013205415
s__Fusobacterium_A hominis
s__Aphodousia sp900544345
s__Ruminococcus sp900315975
s__URXU01 sp900541915
s__Ruminococcus sp910576995
s__UBA636 sp900546285
s__UBA1822 sp002314995
s__Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum
s__Lawsonibacter sp910588455
s__BACL14 sp002384685
s__Gallimonas faecium
s__Aquimarina sp947492105
s__Alloprevotella sp004562975
s__Bilifractor sp002394235
s__DUVQ01 sp012840965
s__UBA4334 sp900318775
s__Paenibacillus_G elgii
s__Brevundimonas sp003938605
s__Legionella pascullei
s__CAG-791 sp900319245
s__Collinsella sp958429025
s__Rickettsia sp002285905
s__CAG-632 sp002406015
s__Limnobacter sp000170915
s__Scatenecus sp900554095
s__Merdicola sp900552655
s__Arsenophonus nasoniae
s__SXWH01 sp947476045
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900314795
s__Enterenecus sp932222125
s__M3007 sp903836265
s__Marinarcus sp002382325
s__Bacillus_A hominis
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio profundus
s__Pseudomonas_E plecoglossicida
s__Spiribacter roseus
s__M3007 sp903933805
s__Pseudoramibacter fermentans
s__Erwinia tracheiphila
s__UBA961 sp947491315
s__Ectothiorhodospira haloalkaliphila
s__DRQE01 sp011371515
s__MED-G14 sp902587325
s__UMGS1781 sp900554635
s__JADKJP01 sp016720655
s__Streptococcus sp002238115
s__Limimorpha sp902791165
s__RUG11872 sp902782505
s__Sutterella sp900754475
s__UBA11795 sp002708065
s__Blautia stercorigallinarum
s__MWH-TA3 sp903940225
s__Corynebacterium uberis
s__Rhizobium sp900465675
s__Duncaniella sp014802325
s__Mannheimia varigena
s__Paraburkholderia atlantica
s__Haemophilus_D sp030405845
s__Gemmiger avistercoris
s__Niallia sp001076885
s__Luxibacter massiliensis
s__Enterococcus_B villorum
s__RGIG4057 sp947086895
s__UBA4372 sp902776455
s__UBA3439 sp009919335
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002684115
s__Peptacetobacter hiranonis
s__Ruminococcus_B sp900544395
s__Vibrio echinoideorum
s__Merdivivens faecigallinarum
s__RGIG7107 sp017405305
s__UBA952 sp947475095
s__UBA12578 sp002729195
s__Nodosilinea sp007135385
s__AV80 sp003167555
s__JABIEQ01 sp018651085
s__Psychrobacter namhaensis
s__Proteiniphilum sp001768325
s__Centipeda sp015265235
s__Herbaspirillum seropedicae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900319375
s__Syner-03 sp002306075
s__Pauljensenia sp000758755
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902620455
s__CAIXQW01 sp903921675
s__Enterobacter_D sp900116015
s__Oleibacter sp002298335
s__Pseudescherichia vulneris
s__CAG-605 sp000433255
s__Sediminibacterium sp017996795
s__DRLW01 sp015485525
s__Synechococcus_C sp014279835
s__Flavobacterium sp002754315
s__JAHIPE01 sp018896525
s__UBA1020 sp002348615
s__Fimbriimonas sp903899015
s__CS4-C045 sp011772275
s__Marisimplicoccus sp002729755
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp943789455
s__CAIKHN01 sp903827265
s__Pseudomonas_O kuykendallii
s__UBA5976 sp947373075
s__AAA536-G10 sp016777705
s__CAG-632 sp900539185
s__Fimisoma sp900754795
s__Bradyrhizobium sp027451485
s__Alistipes montrealensis
s__Tepidiphilus succinatimandens
s__UBA7359 sp002292815
s__JAQVFW01 sp028697015
s__UBA12574 sp018660835
s__Streptomyces lavendulae
s__RUG11690 sp902771655
s__UBA2277 sp903886255
s__UBA12014 sp002684755
s__Paenibacillus ottowii
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_I
s__CAG-841 sp002479075
s__Faecalibacillus sp900544435
s__Casp-actino8 sp945862545
s__Microbacterium esteraromaticum_C
s__Wujia sp945492935
s__WFVA01 sp015491895
s__Acetatifactor sp016290775
s__Bradyrhizobium centrosematis
s__Ochrobactrum sp900470195
s__UBA1259 sp905210545
s__UBA10133 sp003531665
s__Leptotrichia wadei
s__Eubacterium_Q ruminantium
s__S012-128 sp015488325
s__MAG-120531 sp030726725
s__UBA4246 sp002391225
s__Companilactobacillus pabuli
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021819245
s__UBA9959 sp903879915
s__Enterocloster alcoholdehydrogenati
s__SXXK01 sp945861975
s__UBA4851 sp002408445
s__F23-B02 sp900556535
s__Bin5 sp022827195
s__Clostridium_AD estertheticum_B
s__RUG039 sp900314875
s__Pseudothioglobus autotrophicus_A
s__Enterousia sp951801825
s__Weissella soli
s__Obscuribacter phosphatis
s__QYPT01 sp009699375
s__O2-12-FULL-42-9 sp001777665
s__Collinsella stercoripullorum
s__UBA2882 sp900317505
s__Limosilactobacillus timonensis
s__HTCC2207 sp018664075
s__Seonamhaeicola sp947487895
s__UMGS1225 sp900549725
s__Alloprevotella sp900546605
s__T1SED10-26 sp007122335
s__Microbacterium sp001889265
s__Hominimerdicola sp900539095
s__Competibacter_A sp002433805
s__Microbacterium paraoxydans
s__Microbacterium sp001897105
s__Marinilactibacillus psychrotolerans
s__Adamsella avium
s__Planktosalinus sp001873105
s__Leptospira_B wolffii
s__UBA5518 sp903938575
s__UBA4716 sp905199755
s__Chlorobium sp903882665
s__Aliivibrio salmonicida
s__UBA5389 sp002409965
s__Flavobacterium sp945897915
s__UBA9662 sp012963885
s__Shewanella japonica
s__Clavibacter insidiosus
s__Phycicoccus_A elongatus
s__UMGS1370 sp904395885
s__Anaerostipes sp900066705
s__Pseudomonas_E sessilinigenes
s__Ottowia sp018060485
s__Amycolatopsis nivea
s__Pelagibacter sp902619815
s__JABEUT01 sp903863935
s__Onthomonas sp900752305
s__B33-G16 sp003646875
s__Leminorella grimontii
s__CAG-307 sp900547045
s__Campylobacter_D bilis
s__JAJZZI01 sp021797635
s__Cupriavidus taiwanensis_C
s__Hominicoprocola sp900550165
s__Psychroserpens sp017643165
s__Chroococcidiopsis thermalis
s__Pararoseburia sp900546435
s__Marinobacter shengliensis
s__Lentihominibacter sp934281605
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947448325
s__JAJZNL01 sp021852345
s__UBA5388 sp002409975
s__Brevundimonas naejangsanensis_A
s__Phocaeicola caecigallinarum_A
s__UBA8515 sp000990325
s__Sporolactobacillus terrae
s__Petralouisia sp949959185
s__UBA5456 sp020532355
s__ISDg sp902797475
s__Eubacterium_S uniforme
s__Acidiphilium rubrum
s__UBA4951 sp900542595
s__Selenobaculum gbiensis
s__CACIIZ01 sp902578545
s__CAG-475 sp900551145
s__QWPT01 sp903891095
s__Aeromicrobium erythreum
s__CAADGN01 sp900696545
s__UCB2 sp003577245
s__Novosphingobium sp027531025
s__Scybalousia sp949948745
s__JABGQH01 sp018648865
s__Fusobacterium gastrosuis
s__Rhodopila sp903900905
s__Thermosipho melanesiensis
s__UBA9630 sp021777675
s__Rickettsia tamurae
s__UBA1543 sp001871195
s__UBA6398 sp002451695
s__Pseudomonas_E reactans
s__SY8519 sp000270305
s__Porphyromonas_A cangingivalis
s__Undivivens industriae
s__Xanthobacter flavus
s__SCADC1-2-3 sp000681355
s__Aquimarina algicola
s__Dysosmobacter sp900550685
s__Companilactobacillus futsaii
s__UBA12405 sp003542615
s__2-01-FULL-40-42 sp001789965
s__Bact-11 sp902789445
s__Gemmatimonas sp021298855
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp004557505
s__Evtepia sp004554585
s__Commensalibacter sp945266285
s__UBA7109 sp949502235
s__Pusillimonas_A maritima
s__Nanosynbacter sp900556355
s__Aldehydirespirator sp009844405
s__Campylobacter_A mucosalis
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AD
s__Kluyvera intermedia
s__Mycobacterium mucogenicum_B
s__Acetobacter aceti
s__UMGS2069 sp900557585
s__Cysteiniphilum marinum
s__SHAN690 sp002390775
s__UBA8473 sp002782605
s__CAG-269 sp022791675
s__UBA6944 sp002724355
s__UBA3571 sp002375995
s__Pseudomonas_E weihenstephanensis
s__Firm-16 sp017428545
s__Coproplasma sp910585685
s__Bruticola papionis
s__JAJOKM01 sp021129835
s__Vreelandella neptunia
s__Peribacillus simplex
s__MGBC163016 sp910588985
s__Avichristensenella intestinipullorum
s__Sutterella sp900762445
s__CG2-30-33-13 sp002782675
s__MPNP01 sp009842205
s__Sedimentibacter sp002381185
s__Rhizobium tropici_C
s__Glutamicibacter arilaitensis
s__UBA1740 sp004558975
s__Raoultibacter timonensis
s__Streptococcus sp013623465
s__Collinsella sp000763055
s__JAKALQ01 sp021814565
s__Stenotrophomonas pennii
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900318445
s__SPLOWO2-01-44-7 sp001798075
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900553055
s__Ruthenibacterium sp947644575
s__Mycoplasmopsis tauri
s__Corynebacterium mucifaciens
s__Extibacter hylemonae
s__Eubacterium_J sp947564835
s__Litoreibacter sp947501785
s__RAAP-1 sp903953895
s__Helicobacter_D colisuis
s__RAAP-2 sp021826255
s__Protofrankia sp917627385
s__Gluconobacter sphaericus
s__Rhodoluna sp903832875
s__Limivicinus sp900319935
s__UBA6345 sp934746645
s__Lawsonibacter sp900549405
s__Bradyrhizobium arachidis
s__UBA3663 sp016293065
s__Bibersteinia trehalosi
s__Desulfatitalea sp021824175
s__JOPF074 sp030039155
s__RF16 sp902778935
s__JAGOYM01 sp018059165
s__UBA969 sp903960945
s__Borkfalkia excrementigallinarum
s__Coprovivens sp910584655
s__Sphingobacterium paramultivorum
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902768985
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002282595
s__UBA1545 sp002771035
s__Evtepia sp910578575
s__Prevotella sp900313615
s__UBA3402 sp910577935
s__Ruthenibacterium merdavium
s__Limnofasciculus sp003511885
s__CAG-302 sp017887885
s__Caulobacter vibrioides_E
s__UBA1406 sp001788295
s__Venatoribacter sp002314145
s__UBA1822 sp900545365
s__GWA2-38-27 sp001821475
s__Huintestinicola sp900768995
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A merdigallinarum
s__Treponema_B pedis
s__UMGS687 sp900545735
s__Schlesneria sp903904835
s__Onthocola_A gallistercoris
s__Thiopseudomonas sp002342705
s__Butyricicoccus_A porcorum
s__Pelethosoma merdigallinarum
s__Rhizobium redzepovicii
s__Kurthia zopfii
s__Limiplasma sp900550955
s__RUG572 sp900771305
s__Rothia nasisuis
s__Burkholderia pyrrocinia_D
s__HGM11412 sp900770185
s__UBA4416 sp903834765
s__Streptomyces virginiae_A
s__Palsa-881 sp903872075
s__Aquirickettsiella isopodorum
s__PALSA-1004 sp903913965
s__Rummeliibacillus stabekisii
s__BACL14 sp905181685
s__Limivicinus sp900321275
s__Chelonobacter aquarius
s__UMGS1864 sp900555835
s__Arenibacter algicola
s__Treponema_F sp016294105
s__Gallibacter brachus
s__Succinivibrio sp900555115
s__UBA955 sp903959115
s__UBA7985 sp905479265
s__UBA1427 sp002329485
s__Dysgonomonas capnocytophagoides
s__Methylotenera oryzisoli_A
s__Caldimonas thermodepolymerans
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900542265
s__Pelagibacter sp902586125
s__Rossellomorea marisflavi_B
s__Treponema_D sp945868875
s__Porcincola sp900555005
s__Synechococcus_B sp009840445
s__RAAP-2 sp903825765
s__Prevotella copri_H
s__Avimonas sp900551425
s__UBA1407 sp902776645
s__Phyllobacterium pellucidum
s__Caecibacter sp900549385
s__Dialister sp900538805
s__UBA2658 sp018385135
s__Agitococcus sp002333125
s__CACNYO01 sp902560275
s__Amylibacter sp905182285
s__Pseudomonas_H flexibilis
s__Streptococcus suis_AB
s__IMCC9063 sp008638205
s__UBA8828 sp903868455
s__Rhizobium sp900468805
s__Collinsella sp003436775
s__Streptomyces silvae
s__Onthovivens sp002451465
s__Neorhizobium tomejilense
s__Allobutyricicoccus pentlandensis
s__Cupriavidus sp018729255
s__4484-219 sp002085035
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp913056375
s__CAINVI01 sp016713765
s__Prevotella sp900316685
s__ELB16-189 sp002352225
s__Psychrobacter glaciei
s__Faecousia sp900551495
s__CAIZWU01 sp903936775
s__Limosilactobacillus agrestis
s__Treponema_F sp017622135
s__UMGS1307 sp900550505
s__Aquisediminimonas sp937996655
s__Corynebacterium imitans
s__Azotimanducus chitobiosivorans
s__CAG-791 sp022483465
s__Prevotella sp000479005
s__DTPS01 sp021778515
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947479935
s__CAG-269 sp900754285
s__Negativibacillus sp900547015
s__UMGS1623 sp934647945
s__UBA9644 sp003519445
s__Harryflintia acetispora
s__UBA2463 sp002342295
s__Gallimonas merdigallinarum
s__CG1-02-35-72 sp002793215
s__Bifidobacterium sp026537325
s__CAG-510 sp910577015
s__JAKAKS01 sp021813405
s__Campylobacter sp002139855
s__UBA11096 sp003534055
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014207255
s__Vicinibacter sp016710235
s__Actinomyces sp023369555
s__58-81 sp002070395
s__Exiguobacterium aestuarii
s__CASICS01 sp902614235
s__Peptoniphilus_A gorbachii
s__UBA1096 sp913030945
s__Scatosoma pullistercoris
s__BACL27 sp003535455
s__JAJZMH01 sp021806285
s__Microbacterium arborescens
s__Acinetobacter gandensis
s__RCC307 sp000063525
s__UTCHB3 sp002050155
s__UBA4372 sp900320435
s__RUG12372 sp900321035
s__Streptomyces griseoaurantiacus
s__CACIAM-69d sp001698445
s__Brevundimonas halotolerans
s__JABHCC01 sp018669475
s__Aestuariivirga sp025356765
s__Brotaphodocola sp947063875
s__UBA8363 sp002753735
s__WVWV01 sp011773845
s__Phascolarctobacterium sp900544795
s__Scybalocola faecipullorum
s__Faecimonas sp900554315
s__CANKHA01 sp947481685
s__Bartonella_A choladocola
s__UBA3210 sp900755065
s__RUG705 sp900759875
s__Ochrobactrum_A quorumnocens
s__Egerieicola pullicola
s__WLND01 sp943328365
s__Corynebacterium pseudokroppenstedtii
s__Agrobacterium tumefaciens_B
s__UBA3950 sp002385475
s__Weissella koreensis
s__Merdimonas faecigallinarum
s__Gemmiger formicilis_B
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_L
s__CANJUD01 sp947477885
s__Gallimonas sp900548845
s__UBA1783 sp016302195
s__WLJO01 sp945889085
s__Sulfobium sp021814065
s__UBA4372 sp902778625
s__Centipeda noxia
s__Aequoribacter sp003520285
s__Caccovivens sp900753315
s__CG2-30-33-46 sp002792735
s__Granulibacter bethesdensis
s__Gemmiger stercoripullorum
s__Gemmiger stercoravium
s__Mycobacterium monacense
s__JABEUY01 sp013044175
s__Ottowia massiliensis
s__Avispirillum sp910586545
s__Veillonella sp900757715
s__UBA6176 sp008933025
s__B17-G16 sp003646975
s__Paenibacillus sp001860525
s__Weissella thailandensis
s__Fen-1137 sp003158395
s__Kurthia gibsonii
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp001917775
s__AEGEAN-183 sp022447065
s__UBA2589 sp002348265
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900543095
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000634735
s__Mediterraneibacter stercoravium
s__GWA2-66-18 sp021782205
s__Limadaptatus sp900554085
s__UBA2359 sp002345145
s__Holdemanella sp003436425
s__UBA953 sp903850885
s__Petralouisia sp910575035
s__Hel1-33-131 sp018608725
s__CANMSI01 sp947500575
s__Kingella_A denitrificans
s__UBA9145 sp008081045
s__Streptomyces antibioticus_B
s__Kosakonia sp000410515
s__Coprocola sp910583755
s__CAISGS01 sp947378235
s__Acetobacter malorum
s__Limivicinus sp900549485
s__Treponema_D sp002394685
s__Aeromonas encheleia
s__CAIOVX01 sp903915125
s__UMGS2016 sp900557185
s__Arcticimaribacter sp943787295
s__Mesorhizobium sp004017535
s__Faecousia sp900549495
s__Caballeronia sp001557535
s__Mameliella sediminis
s__Odoribacter sp900544025
s__RF16 sp023666945
s__W0P33-017 sp949132985
s__Moryella longum
s__Bin125 sp026705025
s__Prevotella sp902775475
s__Pectobacterium actinidiae
s__Wielerella bovis
s__Mycobacterium llatzerense
s__CAIQIA01 sp903871775
s__Ralstonia mojiangensis
s__Leptospira kmetyi
s__Corynebacterium genitalium
s__CAIKAF01 sp903825395
s__Palsa-513 sp003132505
s__Sphingomonas ginsenosidimutans
s__Berryella sp001552935
s__0-14-3-00-41-53 sp002780895
s__Nocardioides marinus
s__Enterobacter cloacae_L
s__Qipengyuania sp002695185
s__UMGS1519 sp900552585
s__UBA1547 sp903899655
s__UBA6955 sp002707835
s__Metalachnospira sp900548595
s__CADBMC01 sp902795635
s__Acididesulfobacter diazotrophicus
s__Polaromonas sp002278925
s__UBA4372 sp902779315
s__Coprocola pullicola
s__RUG705 sp900551455
s__RUG420 sp900315285
s__Methylotenera sp903833595
s__Hominifimenecus microfluidus
s__Pseudomonas_E paralcaligenes
s__UBA3402 sp022795805
s__Pseudoscardovia suis
s__UBA6398 sp002437495
s__JAFDEF01 sp019310485
s__Alishewanella sp021568285
s__Akkermansia sp900545155
s__Prevotella sp000758925
s__Erythrobacter donghaensis_B
s__Scatavimonas merdigallinarum
s__Colwellia sp018860915
s__Bilophila sp902373525
s__JAMDCX01 sp021818565
s__JAFANK01 sp019232725
s__Luteolibacter sp030725745
s__Flavonifractor intestinigallinarum
s__S012-109 sp015488555
s__CAMLLJ01 sp025928955
s__Veillonella sp018367495
s__Bacillus_A cereus_K
s__UBA1383 sp002305415
s__Porphyromonas sp003640335
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp900556525
s__Campylobacter_F sputorum_B
s__CAG-269 sp900554175
s__S012-40 sp015487785
s__Tatlockia micdadei
s__CG2-30-39-44 sp002789815
s__TMED14 sp002737315
s__Aliarcobacter cibarius
s__Lachnoclostridium phytofermentans_A
s__Pelagibacter sp902567045
s__Heteroclostridium caecigallinarum
s__Paramuribaculum sp910589095
s__Cryptobacteroides sp004552615
s__UBA3076 sp019310825
s__Bifidobacterium psychraerophilum
s__JABHIE01 sp018671175
s__Acidovorax sp000302535
s__JAHIPL01 sp018894615
s__UBA8498 sp001773255
s__Pelagibacter sp902596515
s__RGIG8482 sp022796855
s__MGBC114844 sp910585855
s__JANXWW01 sp025359285
s__Citrobacter_A rodentium
s__JABWCL01 sp903843135
s__Ruminococcus sp002389995
s__OLB17 sp002333435
s__Phytoplasma aurantifolia
s__Cytobacillus kochii
s__UBA10105 sp000995415
s__Sellimonas caecigallum
s__CAG-238 sp900754805
s__Anaerococcus vaginalis_C
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947449315
s__Photobacterium aquimaris
s__Pseudomonas_E psychrophila
s__UBA2862 sp900318045
s__UBA9145 sp002712055
s__Marichromatium gracile
s__Lawsonibacter sp902363045
s__Flagellimonas aurea
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002843605
s__Prevotella sp902760345
s__MGBC164599 sp947652925
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_J
s__Micrococcus endophyticus
s__Pseudomonas_F solani
s__Acidithiobacillus_B sulfuriphilus
s__Agrobacterium fabrum_A
s__MAG-120531 sp022239325
s__JAJXUE01 sp021783135
s__Hominimerdicola sp002371625
s__JAAZMU01 sp012798645
s__Tractidigestivibacter montrealensis
s__HTCC2207 sp905181925
s__MGBC101980 sp910576875
s__Blautia merdipullorum
s__VFJL01 sp903957805
s__PNKF01 sp021298395
s__JAJYFR01 sp021785355
s__Proteus sp003144375
s__Occallatibacter sp003159355
s__Limosilactobacillus pontis
s__Polynucleobacter sp903845455
s__XYB2-FULL-49-35 sp001789205
s__RF16 sp002371785
s__UMGS1820 sp900555375
s__Enterenecus sp947364395
s__Anaerotignum merdipullorum
s__JAPUIH01 sp027297205
s__Shewanella electrodiphila
s__MGBC164599 sp947571775
s__Pauljensenia hongkongensis
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900555755
s__Paenibacillus_G naphthalenovorans
s__Borkfalkia excrementipullorum
s__Leptospira_A biflexa
s__CANFDS01 sp947507735
s__Lactobacillus kitasatonis
s__Renibacterium sp005809195
s__Aequorivita vladivostokensis
s__Borkfalkia faecipullorum
s__Cellulophaga lytica
s__CAIYBN01 sp903896545
s__Aerococcus urinae_E
s__RUG521 sp900319675
s__Enterocloster asparagiformis
s__Marinacidobacterium sp009835985
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016703105
s__Variovorax gossypii
s__Actinobaculum massiliense
s__Regnicoccus frigidus
s__CAITSH01 sp945906975
s__UBA4292 sp902790095
s__Izhakiella sp002752165
s__Pyramidobacter sp017940445
s__Limivicinus sp002450075
s__Limnocylindrus sp903937225
s__UBA12191 sp003540375
s__Scatosoma pullicola
s__Methylobacterium bullatum
s__Prevotella sp002373375
s__VFLK01 sp002783105
s__JAAWPK01 sp022791735
s__OMII01 sp026390555
s__UBA6894 sp903912515
s__UBA4951 sp900320745
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000381385
s__JAJYXT01 sp021785655
s__UTCHB3 sp016707285
s__JAJYUU01 sp021792405
s__Microcystis viridis
s__Xanthomonas cucurbitae
s__Coproplasma sp910587015
s__MWDT01 sp002070825
s__Abiotrophia sp001815865
s__Buttiauxella ferragutiae
s__Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus
s__UBA2353 sp002344005
s__UBA7800 sp002480565
s__Scatomorpha sp900752445
s__Acetatifactor stercoripullorum
s__CAIOMD01 sp903859365
s__Micromonospora noduli
s__UBA4372 sp002450165
s__Sporosarcina ureae
s__Caccovivens sp949474265
s__Sediminibacterium sp903926855
s__Gallimonas intestinavium
s__GWA2-36-10 sp903855135
s__CAKPSH01 sp949045875
s__CAIWAD01 sp903910645
s__Streptomyces lydicus
s__Microcystis aeruginosa_H
s__Acidocella sp021809435
s__Thermoanaerobacter thermocopriae
s__AG11 sp013361335
s__JAJYLM01 sp021792615
s__Duncaniella sp001701225
s__Acetatifactor sp910586515
s__Leisingera aquaemixtae
s__UBA4293 sp900316585
s__Microbacterium lacticum
s__Weeksella virosa
s__Kosakonia sacchari
s__Merdiplasma excrementigallinarum
s__JAJYGJ01 sp021789555
s__Vibrio hyugaensis
s__Aliarcobacter lanthieri
s__JAKASW01 sp021812985
s__Ligilactobacillus sp910587695
s__CAJUNI01 sp910587945
s__Prevotella sp900553965
s__QWOP01 sp943332855
s__CAJFPI01 sp904419145
s__Eubacterium_T saphenum_A
s__BJHM01 sp014192625
s__UMGS687 sp900551705
s__Egerieenecus sp900553315
s__Haemophilus_D sp900756875
s__Peptoniphilus_A lacydonensis
s__JAJZIH01 sp021828045
s__Nitrosomonas eutropha
s__PBB1 sp945875935
s__Scatovivens sp948976265
s__Sphaerospermopsis kisseleviana_A
s__Vreelandella hamiltonii
s__UBA12026 sp000989765
s__Arthrobacter sp001549895
s__CAIKAW01 sp903825575
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249285
s__Actinomarina sp902578135
s__UBA2810 sp002351705
s__BRH-c54 sp026196775
s__Gallacutalibacter pullicola
s__UBA1711 sp900318275
s__UBA7173 sp900540205
s__UBA10133 sp001774685
s__CAG-873 sp910576775
s__Treponema_D sp002392275
s__Anaerococcus nagyae
s__Wolinella succinogenes
s__RGIG4057 sp947053345
s__Alistipes sp902363575
s__Streptomyces griseorubiginosus
s__Dysosmobacter sp019417795
s__F23-D06 sp902770735
s__Acidocella sp021826225
s__UBA6770 sp002707155
s__CAG-269 sp022794095
s__Aeromonas sobria_A
s__Corynebacterium lehmanniae
s__SYFR01 sp947475525
s__UMGS995 sp900547465
s__CAG-115 sp003516865
s__Sulfobacillus thermosulfidooxidans
s__Vicinibacter haderslevense
s__Sulfurimonas sp002335055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900319855
s__Streptococcus infantis_I
s__CAKMZJ01 sp929200395
s__C00003106 sp001751015
s__Muribaculum sp009775095
s__Rhodoferax sp013791765
s__BMS3Bbin11 sp002897635
s__UBA12086 sp003518365
s__OXYB2-FULL-41-6 sp001773215
s__Caldilinea sp903858085
s__CABYIR01 sp902584815
s__UBA2883 sp900768915
s__UBA1547 sp001873625
s__RUG023 sp022482495
s__67-14 sp903939845
s__UBA6170 sp002840735
s__JAKATP01 sp021818685
s__Thermostichus sp000013205
s__QIAJ01 sp003139095
s__Pelagibacter sp902561765
s__Sodaliphilus sp900319525
s__Alistipes cottocaccae
s__Oceanobacillus profundus
s__Saccharofermentans sp015069205
s__UBA9973 sp021813175
s__Bin65 sp022819985
s__Rhodospirillum rubrum
s__Ferruginibacter sp947380605
s__Furfurilactobacillus rossiae
s__Planktophila sp947454735
s__Streptococcus sinensis
s__Acinetobacter sp012371325
s__Stagnihabitans sp903873585
s__Providencia sp019343475
s__Acidaminococcus sp900538365
s__Polynucleobacter sp947450605
s__Scatovivens faecipullorum
s__UBA826 sp002718095
s__Ruminococcus_E sp002350765
s__UBA8309 sp002686685
s__Mediterraneibacter vanvlietii
s__Megasphaera sp002319965
s__Mf105b01 sp002715765
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_Q
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002297815
s__MW101C3 sp002252635
s__Caccovicinus sp910589195
s__Roseburia sp900542495
s__Succiniclasticum sp900315805
s__UBA7378 sp002469805
s__Xanthomonas melonis
s__Onthovicinus excrementipullorum
s__Paucibacter_A sp947446685
s__Avimonas intestinalis
s__Corynebacterium antarcticum
s__Gordonia jacobaea
s__UBA8296 sp002338335
s__Bifidobacterium subtile
s__Vibrio coralliilyticus_A
s__Gluconobacter potus
s__RAAP-2 sp003133125
s__Vibrio splendidus_J
s__Faecalimonas sp900551895
s__Muricomes intestini
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021843755
s__Enterosoma sp900313465
s__SXXK01 sp903896675
s__PN-J185 sp001431705
s__Stagnihabitans antarcticus_A
s__COE1 sp910586095
s__Propionimicrobium lymphophilum
s__JADKBO01 sp016717655
s__Sulfobacillus sp021821465
s__UBA4421 sp002470275
s__UBA2392 sp002343805
s__Pseudomonas_E alliivorans
s__Ruminobacter amylophilus
s__Clostridium_H novyi
s__Chloracidobacterium aggregatum
s__Ruminococcus_G avistercoris
s__Merdivicinus excrementipullorum
s__Mycoplasmoides sp024339025
s__Lepagella sp900541835
s__CAG-628 sp934085635
s__Pelagibacter sp003210095
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945898105
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021838635
s__Macrococcus_B bohemicus
s__UBA3818 sp910583935
s__Faecousia sp945963595
s__UBA3282 sp937920345
s__JAKALF01 sp021813265
s__Pseudoalteromonas peptidolytica
s__Pseudidiomarina maritima_A
s__Lachnospira sp900552795
s__UBA3031 sp905479505
s__Micromonospora wenchangensis
s__QEVD01 sp003576975
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900318905
s__Sphingomonas olei
s__RAAP-2 sp903826715
s__Prevotella sp900544825
s__Prevotella aurantiaca
s__Tenuifilum sp018056955
s__Caccousia sp900752115
s__UBA737 sp900547095
s__Streptococcus porcinus
s__Alteriqipengyuania sp002729695
s__UBA5905 sp900549155
s__JASLQO01 sp002327525
s__Egerieimonas_A faecigallinarum
s__Treponema_D sp018385315
s__RUG11977 sp017427415
s__Eubacterium_R sp900321905
s__Streptococcus downei
s__CAG-302 sp900554615
s__Faecalibacillus sp003480255
s__TCS55 sp014239505
s__Mycobacterium elephantis
s__Palauibacter polyketidifaciens
s__UBA2245 sp002347265
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_Q
s__Enterosoma sp002297045
s__Flavonifractor sp002159455
s__Scardovia denticolens
s__UBA2169 sp002687895
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002420305
s__QYPT01 sp009699205
s__UBA721 sp018660825
s__Fimimonas sp900769665
s__Cryptobacteroides pullicola
s__Rhizomicrobium sp001898015
s__Acinetobacter beijerinckii
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900316815
s__UBA4874 sp002398065
s__GPS1B09 sp018333455
s__XYA2-FULL-47-53 sp001800315
s__Fluviibacter phosphoraccumulans
s__Rickettsia bellii
s__CACKPV01 sp902602185
s__Bact-08 sp018053445
s__CAG-873 sp910578035
s__RUG410 sp902788365
s__HTCC2207 sp002335945
s__JADJJE01 sp016706685
s__HO2-45-13 sp001821765
s__Comamonas testosteroni
s__Desulfomicrobium sp018902545
s__Prevotella sp900554545
s__Desulfosporosinus nitroreducens
s__CALZFJ01 sp945645715
s__Gallionella sp013044075
s__Microbacterium sp001792815
s__Reyranella sp947474005
s__B3-G11 sp030125685
s__Merdicola faecigallinarum
s__Caccopulliclostridium gallistercoris
s__UBA3766 sp902789265
s__UBA1876 sp003446665
s__Opi-474 sp903859715
s__20CM-2-70-11 sp003220315
s__Teretinema sp002070025
s__Faecalimonas sp000209385
s__JABEUX01 sp021790895
s__OLB11 sp947476825
s__40CM-3-62-11 sp001914955
s__Klebsiella huaxiensis
s__Xanthomonas_A sacchari
s__Methylopumilus sp903849185
s__Caccovivens sp949031345
s__QALR01 sp900542425
s__Nocardia salmonicida
s__UBA1081 sp900543395
s__C7867-002 sp903839725
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002439135
s__Peribacillus simplex_E
s__Arsukibacterium sp002415085
s__Azonexus sp903951825
s__Lactococcus muris
s__Corallococcus coralloides
s__Prevotella sp900315075
s__JAJDXO01 sp022823235
s__Fibrobacter sp900215325
s__UBA955 sp005788145
s__UBA3012 sp009701305
s__Actinomarina sp002683085
s__CAIMWE01 sp903845115
s__Anaeromassilibacillus sp001305115
s__Actinomyces johnsonii
s__UBA2963 sp003215215
s__UBA3839 sp900321835
s__Saccharomonospora viridis
s__UMGS1766 sp900554855
s__JAAFHB01 sp903923905
s__JAJYVT01 sp021844425
s__Cryobacterium glucosi
s__Caulobacter vibrioides
s__Pseudomonas_E nunensis
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_H
s__Fen-455 sp003166375
s__JADJPL01 sp016713275
s__RUG13615 sp902790905
s__Mediterraneibacter excrementigallinarum
s__Marinisoma sp002710515
s__YC12-FULL-57-11 sp903843045
s__Dysosmobacter sp900763685
s__Lentihominibacter sp905193765
s__UBA952 sp947462255
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902798755
s__Glutamicibacter soli
s__Pelagibacter sp028227525
s__Acinetobacter pittii_E
s__CAIYUN01 sp947475065
s__UBA4416 sp903928655
s__Peptacetobacter sp900539645
s__SURF-60 sp019084485
s__Paracoccus sanguinis
s__UBA8898 sp002070955
s__Heritagella intestinalis
s__Rikenella microfusus
s__Intestinimonas stercoravium
s__UMGS1663 sp900553865
s__MGBC124762 sp910584395
s__JAJZUU01 sp021848325
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002393945
s__Streptomyces sp000158895
s__Fusobacterium_B sp900554355
s__Faecousia sp022774865
s__Igneacidithiobacillus copahuensis
s__Eubacterium_R sp945874765
s__UBA1829 sp900548385
s__UBA1067 sp002440145
s__Corynebacterium sp001815985
s__Azotobacter vinelandii
s__Bulleidia sp000701725
s__2011-GWC2-44-17 sp001029695
s__Blautia_A luti
s__Spyradosoma merdigallinarum
s__Micromonospora gifhornensis
s__Pelethomonas sp900549475
s__CAIYYT01 sp903930455
s__Limnohabitans sp903865035
s__Terrisporobacter othiniensis
s__Huintestinicola sp945867875
s__Patiriisocius sp913048215
s__Mesorhizobium plurifarium
s__Petralouisia sp950097145
s__CAIXPL01 sp903921325
s__UBA4810 sp002418825
s__Mycoplasmopsis californica
s__Dissulfuribacter sp015494155
s__Hydrogenophaga borbori
s__UBA10103 sp021781955
s__Collinsella sp027660625
s__Actinomarina sp003213165
s__2-01-FULL-46-14 sp001777515
s__Luteibacter sp000745055
s__Prevotella sp022735715
s__UBA2903 sp002438565
s__Polaromonas sp002256925
s__Blautia_A intestinigallinarum
s__Psychrobacter sp947501045
s__GCA-2722105 sp015658495
s__UBA9659 sp017642855
s__Agathobacter sp900550545
s__Mesomycoplasma ovipneumoniae
s__GCA-2686765 sp013349695
s__CAIUMH01 sp903825895
s__T78 sp002409625
s__GWF2-43-52 sp001805445
s__CAIYBN01 sp903929795
s__58-81 sp001509095
s__Robinsoniella peoriensis
s__Bifidobacterium pullorum
s__Rossellomorea enclensis
s__Tateyamaria sp947496075
s__Alistipes sp015059845
s__JAKARV01 sp021819205
s__Bartonella taylorii
s__DTU065 sp001512545
s__Legionella_D israelensis
s__Aliarcobacter porcinus
s__Flavobacterium sp947460615
s__JAHIPV01 sp018902845
s__Bifidobacterium apousia
s__Lawsonella sp018376445
s__Streptococcus oralis_F
s__GCA-2712985 sp002937585
s__Streptomyces fradiae
s__MS024-2A sp002384715
s__Granulicella sp021806005
s__UBA644 sp014872655
s__Bovifimicola sp900315425
s__UBA11654 sp902553145
s__Bombilactobacillus mellis_A
s__JAJZNI01 sp021847925
s__MGBC163016 sp910585565
s__Prevotella oulorum
s__MD308 sp947363565
s__Treponema_D sp002369025
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947373185
s__Marisimplicoccus sp017856235
s__Enterocola sp900316125
s__MS024-2A sp008081175
s__UBA9410 sp002714485
s__UBA2772 sp018675685
s__Ventrisoma faecale
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AM
s__CAIJKW01 sp903936565
s__Coprocola sp910586765
s__RAAP-2 sp003132305
s__Algoriphagus sp945897085
s__CAG-1000 sp900761555
s__JAKAWQ01 sp021816925
s__UBA9973 sp021824345
s__CAMBTO01 sp947480335
s__Erwinia mallotivora
s__CG2-30-51-40 sp001874005
s__Acinetobacter tandoii
s__Franconibacter helveticus
s__Fredricksoniimonas borealis
s__Alcaligenes ammonioxydans
s__Gallispira sp900543365
s__Prevotella copri_I
s__Curtobacterium sp001806325
s__RGIG4076 sp905198155
s__Enterousia sp900550565
s__JAKBBU01 sp021808365
s__GWA2-46-9 sp001791325
s__Alloprevotella sp015259235
s__RKRQ01 sp009840385
s__Sulfuricystis sp013791905
s__Polaromonas sp947374505
s__UMGS1491 sp900554775
s__BD1 sp003670425
s__Microcystis aeruginosa_D
s__CAINDZ01 sp016703265
s__UBA845 sp002718735
s__Sinorhizobium fredii_C
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp004136275
s__Phocaeicola sp902779535
s__UBA4334 sp002342585
s__VMTK01 sp013791585
s__UMGS1494 sp900552305
s__Gallintestinimicrobium pullicola
s__Lachnoclostridium_B acetigenes
s__Aquincolibacterium aerophilum
s__Prevotella colorans
s__Lentihominibacter hominis
s__JAJDNW01 sp019313725
s__UBA1711 sp902776365
s__JAJZKE01 sp021809645
s__Leclercia adecarboxylata_A
s__HGM10857 sp900557305
s__UBA1361 sp002306335
s__Sandarakinorhabdus limnophila
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945860595
s__Allorhizobium sp002796995
s__GCA-002697625 sp018695965
s__Bacillus_I filamentosa
s__Fimisoma sp900540145
s__CAG-245 sp900761475
s__Brevundimonas sp004296955
s__Rickettsia felis
s__Pseudolabrys sp947479905
s__Merdicola sp900555085
s__Bilophila sp900550745
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AT
s__UMGS882 sp003343885
s__Tistrella mobilis
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_G
s__Porphyromonas sp900546675
s__Stenotrophomonas nematodicola
s__Campylobacter_D avium
s__Nosocomiicoccus ampullae_A
s__Mesorhizobium sp000513935
s__JAAFHB01 sp903905505
s__Prevotella sp902788605
s__Solibacillus silvestris
s__UMGS1865 sp900768535
s__CSSed11-175R1 sp007136095
s__ER46 sp945861235
s__JAJZWG01 sp021846095
s__Streptomyces violaceus
s__UBA4066 sp002383685
s__YC2-FULL-38-9 sp001790095
s__JAKAQV01 sp021810245
s__UBA7326 sp003212315
s__Bartonella elizabethae
s__Flagellimonas hymeniacidonis
s__MED-G09 sp028339975
s__Prevotella sp000436695
s__Cereibacter_A azotoformans
s__Sphingomonas zeae
s__Pararheinheimera sp018825965
s__CAJBME01 sp903954065
s__Photorhabdus luminescens
s__Treponema_D sp003455655
s__CAIPLT01 sp903865935
s__Streptococcus oralis_W
s__UBA3015 sp947466515
s__Streptomyces sp900105515
s__WFXC01 sp015490805
s__Paracidovorax sp028473645
s__Eubacterium_Q sp900321215
s__Xenobium purgamenti
s__GWF2-39-127 sp003242895
s__Methylobacterium indicum
s__Ruegeria sp013033515
s__Hungatella_B pullicola
s__JAJZMF01 sp021828475
s__Parasynechococcus sp900474185
s__RAAP-2 sp021778895
s__Sphingobacterium sp000938735
s__Rhodobacter capsulatus
s__Pikeienuella sp938092015
s__Bulleidia sp003446295
s__Palsa-506 sp003168215
s__Microbacterium sp002979655
s__Oceaniferula sp009937455
s__Hominisplanchenecus_A sp900539525
s__Enterenecus sp947643715
s__UBA2868 sp900320345
s__Palsa-1447 sp903890485
s__Rhodoferax sp903823025
s__Azovibrio restrictus
s__S012-113 sp015488485
s__CAG-1000 sp900768345
s__UBA4421 sp002704225
s__Algoriphagus sp030729785
s__Zongyangia gallinarum
s__Vibrio scophthalmi
s__Apilactobacillus nanyangensis
s__Coproplasma sp905207385
s__Shewanella mangrovisoli
s__JAKAHD01 sp021814165
s__Arthrobacter_E woluwensis
s__Cyanobium_A sp013205255
s__Pseudomonas_E sp018826895
s__UBA3015 sp903956835
s__Clostridium nigeriense
s__Blautia stercoripullorum
s__Flavobacterium sp002413745
s__Porphyromonas_A sp004555765
s__Enteromonas sp004561785
s__Tatumella sp018257575
s__Paraburkholderia kururiensis
s__Galligastranaerophilus faecipullorum
s__Dysosmobacter sp910586735
s__Fimicola cottocaccae
s__RUG11894 sp902773665
s__CAJJDF01 sp018609055
s__Lawsonibacter sp905215425
s__Aphodousia faecipullorum
s__Veillonella montpellierensis
s__Lachnobacterium bovis
s__Microbacterium testaceum_A
s__Streptococcus azizii
s__JASGCK01 sp947372005
s__UBA952 sp943789205
s__GCA-002780795 sp002780795
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945861345
s__Prosthecobacter sp903848465
s__CAIUEQ01 sp903898215
s__PLOWO2-12-39-15 sp001804915
s__Fictibacillus_C enclensis
s__RF16 sp902785605
s__F23-B02 sp004553495
s__Limivicinus sp902802045
s__Cupidesulfovibrio sp000226255
s__Limivicinus sp900319635
s__CAIVDV01 sp903904755
s__Weimeria sp900316165
s__Blautia_A sp900549015
s__Eisenbergiella sp900555195
s__Thiodiazotropha sp003058495
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_M
s__Dermabacter vaginalis
s__Polynucleobacter sp903827075
s__CAG-977 sp000434295
s__UBA1547 sp021778755
s__Asaia bogorensis
s__Paenibacillus_B sp900539405
s__Ferrithrix sp021785255
s__Bifidobacterium callitrichos
s__Paraburkholderia terrae
s__Gordonia sihwensis
s__AAA044-D11 sp947372915
s__Lepagella sp947427285
s__CG1-02-43-26 sp001872735
s__Microbacterium aurum
s__Neisseria suis
s__UBA953 sp002293065
s__Staphylococcus massiliensis
s__SCQM01 sp021799035
s__CAIKZD01 sp903831805
s__Sediminibacterium sp903933765
s__Enterobacter cloacae_N
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910578545
s__Bin75 sp022825885
s__IMCC26256 sp009702955
s__Planktotalea sp000156115
s__UMGS1958 sp905215805
s__Achromobacter spanius_B
s__Ruminococcus sp905199285
s__Dysosmobacter sp910579365
s__Flavobacterium sp903839195
s__Helicobacter_A bilis_B
s__Anaerofilum faecale
s__REEB77 sp021804825
s__Onthousia sp934130405
s__PBB1 sp947372225
s__Prevotella sp900315565
s__Pelethomonas sp910584045
s__UMGS1590 sp900553245
s__CAIOHZ01 sp943327025
s__Duncaniella sp900549445
s__Caballeronia jiangsuensis
s__Scardovia wiggsiae
s__S146-42 sp015492715
s__UBA852 sp002295925
s__JAKCCV01 sp021838785
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp018060215
s__Phenylobacterium sp018821435
s__2-12-FULL-37-7b sp001788095
s__Limnohabitans sp002282445
s__Meiothermus ruber
s__2-02-FULL-50-16-A sp001828605
s__Enterenecus sp900549885
s__Avimonas_A narfia
s__JABJCN01 sp018668635
s__CAG-269 sp000435535
s__Myxococcus xanthus_A
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp023955215
s__Eubacterium_R sp002371215
s__Limimorpha sp002633315
s__CAIJMU01 sp021782015
s__Alloprevotella sp004556745
s__Rheinheimera aquimaris
s__Xenophilus intermedius_A
s__Fen-999 sp016704145
s__Xanthomonas axonopodis
s__Microbacterium laevaniformans
s__CG1-02-49-23 sp002791545
s__JAFDHL01 sp019308785
s__UBA2136 sp002328405
s__Streptococcus oralis_T
s__Pseudomonas_E lini
s__Chryseobacterium indologenes_B
s__SURF-10 sp018902755
s__Stenotrophomonas sp916618915
s__Ruegeria faecimaris
s__JAKBAR01 sp021808925
s__Arthrobacter aurescens
s__Scatosoma sp900767195
s__Nitrosomonas ureae
s__Bruticola sp900772775
s__Thalassobacter stenotrophicus
s__Cryobacterium flavum
s__RF16 sp900319105
s__Aestuariivirga sp025362535
s__RUG762 sp900316495
s__CAIVQB01 sp903907995
s__OPU3-GD-OMZ sp012965425
s__Fen-1362 sp903857265
s__Caccovicinus sp951800145
s__Mobilitalea sp023423045
s__JABHGV01 sp018671895
s__Pseudomonas_E orientalis
s__Curtobacterium sp003234085
s__Eubacterium_R faecipullorum
s__Wujia sp902800325
s__Lentimonas sp017854655
s__Thermobispora bispora
s__Pseudomonas_E parafulva
s__CAG-488 sp002449395
s__Bacillus_A arachidis
s__Sutterella sp934255515
s__Bact-08 sp002842515
s__Athalassotoga sp021800445
s__TMED80 sp018645565
s__Akkermansia muciniphila_D
s__Ga0077536 sp945862315
s__Pauljensenia sp000278725
s__Alistipes sp017624955
s__Streptomyces olivaceoviridis
s__Fen-1064 sp003162335
s__Streptococcus oralis_BA
s__CAG-605 sp934096535
s__UBA10190 sp001817065
s__Cryptobacteroides excrementigallinarum
s__Herbaspirillum frisingense
s__Cyanobium sp903917565
s__Streptomyces hydrogenans
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021802085
s__Glutamicibacter sp002975405
s__UMGS1585 sp900553205
s__CAIKKG01 sp021814545
s__HIMB59 sp902583235
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004519405
s__Borrelia recurrentis
s__Anaerosalibacter bizertensis
s__UBA4844 sp002424365
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002112505
s__UBA7640 sp012519765
s__Pandoraea nosoerga
s__Limivicinus sp002431965
s__Mediterraneibacter sp900752395
s__Exiguobacterium alkaliphilum
s__Tepidimonas taiwanensis
s__UBA5287 sp002411345
s__Butyricicoccus sp900547195
s__Palsa-881 sp021808285
s__Desertifilum tharense
s__SXKJ01 sp003669125
s__Faecalibacterium sp002160895
s__Janthinobacterium rivuli
s__Fimousia sp001940245
s__Anthropogastromicrobium sp934292725
s__Ruminococcus sp910579835
s__JAJZAM01 sp021828685
s__UBA1829 sp905197955
s__Hominicoprocola sp900546295
s__UMGS731 sp900544985
s__Tenacibaculum discolor
s__UBA11889 sp002719135
s__CAMDFR01 sp945897725
s__Sodaliphilus sp902792435
s__AG-414-E02 sp950068185
s__Chelatococcus_A sambhunathii
s__Eisenbergiella stercoravium
s__UBA966 sp943329105
s__Rothia nasimurium_F
s__Chthoniobacter sp903874975
s__Citrobacter_A telavivensis
s__CAG-269 sp900556945
s__Eubacterium_R sp900540305
s__MED-G78 sp902558645
s__Blautia_A intestinavium
s__Sulfobacillus_B sp021799435
s__Novisyntrophococcus sp900539175
s__Paludibacter sp020726365
s__GCA-2707915 sp003212335
s__CAG-217 sp900547275
s__Sediminibacterium sp947453145
s__SG8-38 sp003647035
s__UBA1142 sp913045345
s__Cognatazoarcus sp024235595
s__Prevotella veroralis
s__Desulfovibrio sp900546145
s__Arthrobacter sp002427975
s__JAJZVV01 sp021815825
s__Bartonella birtlesii
s__Mycobacterium lehmannii
s__Prevotella sp017410365
s__Paraprevotella sp900548345
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001642705
s__Limnohabitans_A sp021300495
s__Roseiflexus sp017743475
s__Albidovulum sp024236495
s__Bergeyella_A cardium
s__Acidithrix sp021850605
s__MGBC139354 sp910586295
s__Caccousia avistercoris
s__JAKBAM01 sp021809105
s__Streptomyces yunnanensis
s__Microbacterium saccharophilum
s__Sphingobium naphthae
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_F
s__B111-G9 sp003646865
s__Agathobaculum sp900557315
s__Lentimonas sp017857255
s__Lapidilactobacillus dextrinicus
s__Methylotenera_A sp025351225
s__Acetoanaerobium noterae
s__Mycobacterium arupense
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_T
s__CF-39 sp005887995
s__Bog-1198 sp003134045
s__Anaerocolumna aminovalerica
s__UBA4372 sp002373535
s__Prevotella sp900315695
s__Leptovillus affinis
s__Geofilum sp002427105
s__Acidaminococcus sp900770265
s__Casp-actino5 sp002727235
s__Limosilactobacillus gastricus
s__Blautia_A sp905206915
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp019187085
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_H
s__Peribacillus simplex_A
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_K
s__JAJYXT01 sp021791415
s__Fibrobacter sp002210345
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947465395
s__SXXZ01 sp945861075
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900547415
s__Telluria cellulosilytica
s__Burkholderia sp902832865
s__S144-51 sp015493995
s__Pelobium sp018828585
s__Merdivicinus intestinavium
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_J
s__Ruminococcus_E sp004560275
s__Geothrix sp903880675
s__CAG-1000 sp004552445
s__Planktophila sp903832395
s__Dwaynesavagella gallinarum
s__Hel1-33-131 sp943788135
s__Acidomonas methanolica
s__UBA1217 sp900316965
s__Teretinema sp004294945
s__Vreelandella hibernica
s__Limivicinus sp902775985
s__MED-G52 sp002682975
s__SYLI01 sp009695465
s__Paenibacillus_G validus
s__Onthomorpha sp900545215
s__Actinomyces sp000220835
s__AG-422-B15 sp902526005
s__Pandoraea sputorum
s__Microbacterium chocolatum
s__JACPFE01 sp016183145
s__UBA10002 sp001821155
s__CAINVV01 sp903902325
s__Dysosmobacter sp004558115
s__CAG-452 sp900770415
s__UMGS1994 sp900553945
s__Caccovivens sp910587225
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902768665
s__SKZT01 sp007127235
s__UBA1711 sp900315935
s__CAG-238 sp945828095
s__Cyanobium sp903823115
s__Bin94 sp009840215
s__Mycobacterium europaeum_A
s__SURF-60 sp003604975
s__Fusicatenibacter merdavium
s__Dolichospermum gracile
s__Fimenecus sp934436505
s__CAISIP01 sp945861785
s__Enterousia sp947646585
s__DTU049 sp018056215
s__GCA-2707915 sp002707915
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002501065
s__Variovorax sp900106655
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_Z
s__UBA1138 sp003447875
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903935585
s__UBA3789 sp900314225
s__Prevotella loescheii
s__Lysobacter capsici
s__CAIJPN01 sp903822545
s__Photorhabdus temperata
s__Streptomyces sp002080455
s__Peptoniphilus_A grossensis
s__Pontimonas sp017857245
s__Arthrobacter_B sp020731085
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli_B
s__Chlorobium sp016927285
s__Blautia_A sp900551715
s__Flavobacterium panici
s__UBA4372 sp004559785
s__Rhizobium tropici
s__Deferrimicrobium sp001797445
s__Aphodocola excrementigallinarum
s__Parvibacillus sp018057925
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp004214185
s__Alloprevotella sp900316575
s__Providencia_C manganoxydans
s__Hydrogenibacillus schlegelii
s__Bulleidia sp900320455
s__JABEUX01 sp021805775
s__UBA4372 sp902779165
s__Wolbachia sp001439985
s__W3P20-009 sp022768325
s__UBA6821 sp903868795
s__Marivivens geojensis
s__ER46 sp903948415
s__Planomonospora parontospora
s__Lachnospira sp910587485
s__JAPHTQ01 sp026196275
s__Caproicibacterium sp900554535
s__Mycobacterium leprae
s__Serratia_J liquefaciens_A
s__CALXRO01 sp948744995
s__UMGS1124 sp900548725
s__RUG343 sp900317975
s__Streptococcus mitis_BY
s__Achromobacter spanius
s__UBA3465 sp002729885
s__Comamonas testosteroni_C
s__Cupriavidus campinensis
s__Collinsella sp902494435
s__HGM12650 sp900761725
s__Nitrotoga sp003402375
s__Anaerobutyricum avicola
s__DTU029 sp001512435
s__Paraburkholderia terricola
s__Streptomyces sp029893805
s__Aquabacterium_A sp947453625
s__RUG306 sp900313435
s__UBA3065 sp002367415
s__CAG-873 sp900540625
s__Lactococcus_A paracarnosus
s__Macondimonas diazotrophica
s__UBA5518 sp016718385
s__JAKJEI01 sp022705505
s__T3SED10-7 sp007127255
s__Minwuia sp016865035
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AO
s__Clostridium celatum
s__Schaedlerella sp949893755
s__Granulicella sp003138795
s__JACPFJ01 sp027346925
s__Aeromicrobium sp001423335
s__Limnohabitans sp945907335
s__UMGS911 sp900546695
s__Sutterella sp905186105
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282315
s__Collinsella sp905215385
s__Mediterraneibacter sp900761655
s__UBA3663 sp017519885
s__T1SED10-84 sp007134885
s__Bradyrhizobium denitrificans
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002371115
s__JALQUO01 sp943325105
s__UBA4636 sp900764595
s__Campylobacter_D sp008633915
s__Coproplasma sp949878495
s__Zemynaea palustris
s__Roseivirga spongicola
s__Defluviitoga tunisiensis
s__Bog-1198 sp021779535
s__CAIXSE01 sp012719015
s__Onthovivens sp900545015
s__UBA9410 sp022452035
s__UMGS995 sp910586865
s__Rhodopila sp943330455
s__GWF2-35-18 sp001771135
s__Caproiciproducens sp002407645
s__Coproplasma sp910578655
s__Microbacterium azadirachtae
s__Gp6-AA45 sp003222395
s__Mycoplasmopsis agalactiae_B
s__UBA1020 sp002335175
s__UBA5216 sp945865805
s__Prevotella sp000467895
s__WGA-3G sp022827625
s__Collinsella sp900550205
s__Streptomyces sp026339955
s__Muricoprocola shaoxingensis
s__CAIUMM01 sp903900265
s__Roseomonas sp001941945
s__JAMDAS01 sp021800535
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp009703275
s__MED-G09 sp018658685
s__UBA8958 sp903885795
s__Cereibacter_A johrii
s__JAJYFL01 sp021781595
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp945869475
s__Helicobacter_A trogontum
s__UWMA-0277 sp905478185
s__Leptospira alexanderi
s__UBA1096 sp011523195
s__Cellulomonas gelida
s__ELB16-189 sp947470895
s__Paraburkholderia phenoliruptrix_A
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp018608485
s__Casp-alpha2 sp002938315
s__RUG11241 sp934162285
s__Luminiphilus sp905479205
s__Cryobacterium shii
s__Mycobacterium sp001667735
s__Rathayibacter iranicus
s__JAJZPA01 sp020692355
s__UBA4575 sp002386945
s__Planktophila limnetica
s__Bacteroides_E sp012518235
s__HGM10818 sp900772445
s__Aliivibrio sp028765545
s__Halomonas elongata
s__Duodenibacillus sp900552915
s__CAG-196 sp900553895
s__Falseniella ignava
s__UBA1479 sp002325375
s__UBA1756 sp017535665
s__Dysosmobacter sp905200545
s__Rariloculus sp022819855
s__Laedolimicola sp009917555
s__TMED58 sp002167555
s__Ornithoclostridium excrementipullorum
s__Chlorobium sp903937835
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902794615
s__Roseburia sp001940165
s__Companilactobacillus crustorum
s__Aequorivita sinensis
s__DP-1 sp020027655
s__Peptidiphaga sp000466165
s__Caccovivens sp948512295
s__CAG-605 sp937926935
s__Chryseobacterium culicis
s__Sphaerochaeta halotolerans
s__Microvirgula aerodenitrificans
s__SZUA-217 sp004356805
s__Halomonas halophila
s__F23-D06 sp002392325
s__Arthrobacter bambusae_A
s__Veillonella denticariosi
s__UBA4951 sp002297365
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp947370945
s__LC5-5 sp019348535
s__Mycobacterium tokaiense
s__UBA6382 sp902788275
s__Porphyromonas sp900538385
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216375
s__JAFUXM01 sp017427625
s__Gallionella sp021821945
s__JAJYTG01 sp021815695
s__DTU014 sp900016865
s__CAG-465 sp000433335
s__Clostridioides difficile_D
s__Fannyhessea sp947090525
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002715825
s__Virgibacillus jordanicus
s__Veillonella_A sp900765165
s__JAKAHT01 sp021825465
s__Caccalectryoclostridium excrementigallinarum
s__Thioglobus_A sp028228555
s__Herbivorax saccincola
s__JABHNK01 sp018694295
s__Thermotoga neapolitana
s__UBA1096 sp002453165
s__Prevotella sp902783625
s__UBA2903 sp900768465
s__RUG420 sp900542575
s__Streptomyces griseoluteus
s__GWE2-31-10 sp001829315
s__UBA737 sp905193585
s__UA16 sp002863125
s__UBA2862 sp900315585
s__ASP10-02a sp002470565
s__Avispirillum sp900555345
s__Aminivibrio sp012523155
s__Geothrix sp903843705
s__Acinetobacter terrestris
s__CAINEC01 sp903881665
s__TMED112 sp902535365
s__Methylophaga sp002354555
s__Olsenella uli
s__UBA10677 sp900762945
s__CAITKP01 sp015489055
s__Acutalibacter sp003612555
s__MS024-2A sp943842245
s__Corynebacterium falsenii
s__Giesbergeria sp017985015
s__Bradyrhizobium altum
s__Bifidobacterium tibiigranuli_A
s__Micropelagos sp002700915
s__Lysobacter yananisis
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp001919195
s__JAJZFK01 sp021777995
s__Variovorax sp001899795
s__UBA1255 sp902782885
s__Alistipes sp015059925
s__UBA1567 sp001872485
s__Vescimonas sp900550615
s__Burkholderia lata_B
s__MGDU01 sp001790815
s__Ruminococcus sp017519145
s__Pseudomonas_E inefficax
s__Marisimplicoccus sp016777325
s__Streptomyces luteogriseus
s__Sediminibacterium pinensis_F
s__Kyrpidia spormannii
s__Ferruginibacter sp002343985
s__Helicobacter_A rappini
s__Stagnihabitans sp947468085
s__RF16 sp002449665
s__UBA953 sp903879465
s__F23-B02 sp003533405
s__PHOS-HE28 sp013360395
s__UBA9978 sp000995065
s__Lacrimispora xylanolytica
s__Prochlorococcus marinus
s__Acinetobacter proteolyticus
s__Mediterraneibacter faecavium
s__AcAMD-5 sp002293025
s__Gallibacteroides avistercoris
s__Geobacillus thermocatenulatus
s__SLMF01 sp007124535
s__SIG299 sp910583815
s__Thermosulfuriphilus ammonigenes
s__UBA9973 sp000991415
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029910095
s__Chlorobium sp903865705
s__MWFF01 sp002071485
s__Methyloversatilis discipulorum_A
s__UBA5232 sp903840015
s__Marinobacter sp001650915
s__Alcanivorax sp000155615
s__Saccharopolyspora_D erythraea
s__UBA2030 sp002332755
s__HOT-345 sp013333295
s__CAG-724 sp900551005
s__Lepagella sp017547845
s__Methylophaga thalassica
s__Paracoccus kondratievae
s__UBA6382 sp022763905
s__Hemerobacter limicola
s__Halopseudomonas neustonica
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp015665265
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp012513795
s__Brevibacillus thermoruber
s__CANFLV01 sp947374865
s__Prevotella sp900551055
s__Palsa-1233 sp003169895
s__Paenibacillus sp900101225
s__Methylobacterium rhodesianum
s__Synechococcus_C sp003209155
s__Pelagibacter sp902596595
s__Planococcus glaciei
s__Scalindua sp018670825
s__RFXW01 sp009921245
s__UBA10281 sp900767495
s__Hallerella sp002390045
s__Regnicoccus sp003249115
s__JALHMQ01 sp020248865
s__Cupriavidus plantarum
s__Bin94 sp009844885
s__Anaerofilum excrementigallinarum
s__Pseudothermotoga_A sp003510135
s__Pauljensenia odontolytica
s__Geddesella stercoravicola
s__Myxococcus llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogochensis
s__Francisella_A adeliensis
s__Scybalousia sp900543675
s__Anaerococcus octavius
s__Pseudoclostridium thermosuccinogenes
s__Frigoribacterium sp004364285
s__Trinickia caryophylli
s__TMED109 sp002171375
s__SKTA01 sp007123065
s__DTU053 sp001512765
s__Zag111 sp004558955
s__UBA8316 sp018647605
s__Clostridium_B sp022482905
s__UBA952 sp903939755
s__Komagataeibacter swingsii
s__Tenacibaculum aiptasiae
s__Alistipes faecigallinarum
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_A
s__DUUA01 sp028691515
s__Phenylobacterium aquaticum_A
s__UBA7434 sp003492055
s__Tissierella praeacuta
s__Fusicatenibacter intestinigallinarum
s__JAEZTC01 sp023421675
s__Acidoferrum sp003154775
s__JADJKB01 sp015075635
s__Bacteroides sp017992695
s__Halomonas caseinilytica
s__UBA8229 sp002726775
s__Helcobacillus massiliensis
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A gallistercoris
s__CACNYO01 sp902525435
s__Sutterella sp905213905
s__Limivivens intestinipullorum
s__UBA3282 sp022781395
s__UBA2475 sp947453445
s__Limosilactobacillus balticus
s__Faecenecus sp944358775
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_U
s__JADFOP01 sp022562795
s__Bacteroides sp900557355
s__Niallia taxi
s__Leisingera caerulea
s__UBA2125 sp002729175
s__UBA8316 sp009936675
s__Frigoribacterium endophyticum
s__Merdivicinus faecavium
s__Streptomyces sindenensis
s__FACHB-40 sp014695915
s__Campylobacter_A rectus
s__RUG306 sp902772635
s__RF16 sp022784645
s__Prevotella multisaccharivorax
s__Borkfalkia faecigallinarum
s__Paenibacillus_G mucilaginosus
s__UBA8317 sp002469865
s__Fournierella sp002161595
s__Thiobacillus sp001899765
s__Streptomyces sennicomposti
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003168355
s__Nanopelagicus sp903897475
s__GWA1-39-11 sp001782235
s__SYFN01 sp903846425
s__UBA1268 sp009919445
s__Blautia_A sp900547615
s__Thermoclostridium stercorarium
s__Neorhizobium cellulosilyticum
s__Ructibacterium sp905205855
s__N075bin58 sp022562085
s__UBA9320 sp016779945
s__VXPW01 sp009839325
s__UBA4345 sp002396385
s__Pseudoruminococcus_B merdavium
s__Paenibacillus_A barengoltzii
s__Perlabentimonas sp002410065
s__Propionivibrio sp016705685
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp902773995
s__RUG472 sp900319345
s__Pauljensenia sp902373545
s__Streptococcus acidominimus
s__Chelatococcus sp018398335
s__Apilactobacillus xinyiensis
s__Methylomonas koyamae
s__Aquimarina aggregata
s__Agathobacter sp900546625
s__Anaerococcus sp900258475
s__UBA1206 sp002310055
s__Avelusimicrobium sp900762815
s__Rhodoferax sp001871515
s__CAMTZM01 sp947086655
s__Pelagisphaera sp018700525
s__Pseudomonas_E reinekei
s__Sediminibacterium sp947451115
s__Anaerotruncus rubiinfantis
s__Helicobacter_F avicola
s__UBA1547 sp903832635
s__UBA1179 sp900319225
s__Extibacter muris
s__2-02-FULL-45-22 sp001796285
s__UBA10906 sp903848905
s__Bact-08 sp003542575
s__CAG-884 sp000433875
s__Chlorobium sp903824045
s__Sedimenticola_A endophacoides
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003134995
s__UBA8079 sp018667335
s__Aggregatibacter segnis_A
s__Enterousia sp900550495
s__Butyricicoccus avicola
s__Rikenella sp910577125
s__CAIYQJ01 sp021813655
s__Bacteroides laotingensis
s__SXXK01 sp003669615
s__Chth-196 sp947479475
s__Tsukamurella pulmonis
s__Phocaeicola sp900546355
s__Gibbsiella quercinecans
s__Mycoplasmoides genitalium
s__Moryella sp902780465
s__Brevibacterium sediminis
s__JADKIH01 sp016711505
s__Acutalibacter sp904419785
s__Limivicinus sp900546515
s__REDSEA-S09-B13 sp001629395
s__HDB-SIOI813 sp001805205
s__UBA3818 sp910587335
s__Acidovorax sp001464865
s__Aldehydirespirator sp009842325
s__Bartonella grahamii
s__Dolichospermum planctonicum
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp005878835
s__RUG350 sp900315995
s__Ruegeria sp947504215
s__CAILQO01 sp903836285
s__Aerococcus sp001809535
s__JACPHD01 sp018827685
s__GCA-2737595 sp009702245
s__UBA5884 sp002431975
s__Leisingera sp000203975
s__Flavobacterium johnsoniae
s__Lawsonibacter sp947645675
s__Caballeronia turbans
s__Chryseobacterium sp003182335
s__Photobacterium sanguinicancri
s__Streptomyces calvus
s__CAMCDL01 sp945873565
s__Mycobacterium hassiacum
s__Cryosericum hinesii
s__SYFT01 sp009694745
s__DTU013 sp002385815
s__Corynebacterium ammoniagenes
s__Lepagella sp014802335
s__Microcystis sp000297435
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_E
s__Prevotella sp900548585
s__UBA11574 sp002868985
s__Kocuria flava
s__Acutalibacter sp009917445
s__UMGS1002 sp900547565
s__Chryseobacterium rhizosphaerae
s__Vreelandella stevensii
s__Gramella sp913046405
s__Thalassospira lucentensis
s__UBA2487 sp021845925
s__UBA8752 sp002389295
s__Saccharimonas aalborgensis
s__Stercorousia sp000433095
s__UBA866 sp900543295
s__Villigracilis sp008363285
s__Lenti-01 sp002071335
s__FEN-1297 sp021813585
s__UMGS1109 sp900548675
s__Casp-actino5 sp001510385
s__TMED112 sp902585315
s__JAKAHY01 sp021814695
s__Luminiphilus sp002683395
s__UBA7434 sp004283095
s__Thermosipho affectus
s__Xiphinematobacter sp016766635
s__Arthrobacter sp000374905
s__Lactobacillus sp016100975
s__Pelethousia sp900542615
s__Ruminococcus_F sp004558835
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900313275
s__UBA5195 sp903875215
s__C7867-001 sp018826905
s__2-02-FULL-55-14 sp001802945
s__Planktophila sp013205535
s__CACZQA01 sp900758075
s__UBA4582 sp030728785
s__Rothia mucilaginosa_C
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp003215175
s__Gemmobacter caeni
s__Ventrenecus sp900549625
s__UBA964 sp903910215
s__CAIUAC01 sp903896985
s__Henriciella sp002733705
s__JAJYLM01 sp021815065
s__Pelagibacter sp003211555
s__PWLA01 sp007121775
s__CAG-273 sp900752335
s__UBA11713 sp001778985
s__Prevotella sp002353975
s__MarineAlpha5-Bin3 sp002938255
s__HGM12814 sp900770165
s__JAHHUH01 sp017623055
s__JAJZNL01 sp021791915
s__Lentimicrobium sp002410555
s__Bulleidia sp905194705
s__UBA2638 sp002359735
s__Eubacterium_F sp910584065
s__JAKAQB01 sp021809885
s__Thermodesulfomicrobium sp003530935
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis_C
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_R
s__UMGS1933 sp900772235
s__AAA044-D11 sp009701525
s__RF16 sp900542355
s__JAJYXT01 sp021844355
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278685
s__Streptomyces sp010548465
s__Leptospirillum_A ferriphilum
s__CAMDGX01 sp945869965
s__2-01-FULL-41-26 sp001794125
s__Onthocola_B sp900546715
s__UMGS2070 sp900557655
s__Avoscillospira stercoripullorum
s__Pantoea alvi
s__CAIOGI01 sp903839695
s__CAIJPD01 sp947475545
s__JAIBJN01 sp025923055
s__CAILZL01 sp903838705
s__RGIG5636 sp017513125
s__Planktophila sp001438925
s__Sulfobacillus_B sp021820965
s__Mycobacterium sp025933915
s__SHAN690 sp030727625
s__UBA2882 sp900549665
s__TMED112 sp902619265
s__UBA5005 sp947476325
s__JAAXHH01 sp009837395
s__SHLN01 sp004283105
s__Pseudomonas_E alvandae
s__Alitiscatomonas sp022792295
s__MB11C04 sp943787575
s__PWJY01 sp007121335
s__UMGS1487 sp900552225
s__CAG-488 sp003486665
s__Butyrivibrio sp015056495
s__Alloprevotella sp905371275
s__UBA6821 sp903826635
s__JALRKI01 sp943788695
s__UBA4372 sp902763865
s__Erwinia dacicola
s__JAKAJH01 sp021813905
s__CAJBVG01 sp903958995
s__UBA2093 sp009920715
s__JADFFQ01 sp027295435
s__Limnohabitans sp947475685
s__Limosilactobacillus albertensis
s__An181 sp002160325
s__Kazan-3B-28 sp001029795
s__Hominisplanchenecus_A sp002361955
s__UBA952 sp947447525
s__CAIKLP01 sp903838995
s__CANCBY01 sp947374445
s__Mogibacterium timidum
s__Janthinobacterium sp002127655
s__Onthomorpha sp002358855
s__Paradevosia shaoguanensis
s__Rhizobium sp900471515
s__UBA9410 sp003541675
s__Faecalicoccus acidiformans
s__UBA8592 sp002171605
s__CAG-269 sp948502395
s__Fournierella sp002159185
s__Centipeda felix
s__Mergibacter septicus
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp024235415
s__UBA1268 sp018694455
s__Moryella indoligenes
s__Berryella intestinalis
s__JAMCWX01 sp023480885
s__JACRMA01 sp021813505
s__JAPUHN01 sp027297685
s__Daejeonella sp947479815
s__UMGS363 sp900550695
s__Cycloclasticus sp002700385
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001974875
s__Rhizobium hidalgonense
s__HTCC2207 sp000153445
s__Streptococcus rubneri
s__Cryptobacteroides faecigallinarum
s__Alkalibacterium gilvum
s__Nitrosomonas sp902826115
s__Collinsella sp003469185
s__UA16 sp002292325
s__CAIUPE01 sp945883115
s__UBA953 sp947378905
s__Alteromonas hispanica
s__UMGS1840 sp900555525
s__Rahnella victoriana
s__Thiobacillus sp001899305
s__Mycobacterium kyogaense
s__Enterococcus_E cecorum_B
s__CAIPHK01 sp947465765
s__Rosenbergiella collisarenosi
s__Pseudescherichia sp002918705
s__Gallalistipes aquisgranensis
s__Fimivivens faecavium
s__REDSEA-S09-B13 sp002731295
s__JAJZMB01 sp021803205
s__Prevotella sp945827565
s__39-52-133 sp002278935
s__Thioclava marina
s__DTRM01 sp012965975
s__CAG-1000 sp900556025
s__Acetobacter ascendens
s__Serratia_F odorifera
s__Limiplasma stercoravium
s__Thiogranum sp015494295
s__Haemophilus_D sp905205995
s__Serratia marcescens_L
s__Streptomyces phaeochromogenes
s__Succinivibrio dextrinosolvens
s__UBA952 sp903823565
s__Pantoea sp003512445
s__Geothrix sp903890595
s__Gluconobacter_B wancherniae
s__Chth-196 sp903919125
s__Acetobacter oryzoeni
s__Mycoplasma_H sp030077875
s__UBA12396 sp001791615
s__Rhodoferax sp903873485
s__Hoeflea sp019084245
s__Lachnoclostridium_A stercoripullorum
s__UBA1195 sp902774175
s__Mycobacterium parascrofulaceum
s__Hominicoprocola sp900768135
s__RAAP-2 sp021831035
s__Daejeonella sp903859135
s__UBA2487 sp021790625
s__Streptomyces sp900105245
s__UBA5216 sp947486575
s__Neochristensenella sp900547955
s__Brevundimonas sp018826515
s__Mycobacterium peregrinum
s__SYIB01 sp945888705
s__Egerieousia sp017556665
s__Schwartzia succinivorans
s__Humimonas hydrogenitrophica
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900585815
s__Ventrousia excrementavium
s__Acutalibacter sp900755895
s__UBA5456 sp023230795
s__Pauljensenia sp022649165
s__JABUEY01 sp013314815
s__RUG678 sp900321335
s__JAKAQV01 sp021846045
s__Porphyromonas endodontalis
s__Azonexus sp016790885
s__Sulfurimonas sp015488615
s__JABFSM01 sp009692115
s__CAG-510 sp900550475
s__UBA1064 sp002316235
s__Photobacterium lucens
s__CAIMTB01 sp903844265
s__Blautia_A sp900551075
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007134085
s__Pygmaiobacter massiliensis
s__CALXXL01 sp944392655
s__Pseudoglutamicibacter albus_B
s__Sporofaciens sp910577685
s__Clostridium disporicum_B
s__Streptococcus mitis_BZ
s__CANFOR01 sp947448675
s__Rhodoblastus sp021777915
s__Streptomyces sp001905735
s__RAAP-2 sp003138895
s__UBA11549 sp900768185
s__ASP10-02a sp028825405
s__Synechococcus_C sp000230675
s__CAIVAT01 sp903959905
s__RAAP-2 sp903860915
s__UBA8401 sp903958625
s__Rhizomicrobium sp021804785
s__UBA965 sp903889425
s__Megasphaera sp900548635
s__Siccibacter turicensis
s__Parabacteroides sp900541965
s__UBA7672 sp903831485
s__Thermophilibacter timonensis
s__C7867-002 sp001821055
s__Syntrophaceticus sp002426495
s__Heteroscilispira lomanii
s__Zwartia sp947378965
s__UMGS75 sp934140285
s__UBA1328 sp029593915
s__GWA2-44-10 sp001794755
s__Fusobacterium_B sp900541465
s__Dysosmobacter sp944387015
s__Treponema_D sp003447785
s__CAG-590 sp900544905
s__GWE2-42-39 sp003506435
s__CAAGED01 sp900768505
s__Mycobacterium chelonae
s__Avelusimicrobium sp900319885
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900319185
s__Mycobacterium sp009729095
s__HGM13006 sp900757695
s__UBA5429 sp002427605
s__Prevotella brunnea
s__UBA12574 sp002712305
s__Tatlockia jordanis
s__S5-A14a sp000758905
s__Pelagibacter sp902623975
s__Caccovivens sp900557645
s__Ga0077548 sp019635635
s__CG2-30-59-28 sp001872605
s__Pseudomonas_E fulva_B
s__Scatousia sp900554385
s__Borrelia turicatae
s__UBA2903 sp900768875
s__Casp-Chloro-G4 sp022572805
s__Hyphomonas adhaerens
s__JABDFW01 sp903882935
s__Varibaculum cambriense_B
s__Dysosmobacter sp900544105
s__Burkholderia anthina_B
s__JAHJRI01 sp018645005
s__Lampropedia animalimorsus
s__Mycobacterium fluoranthenivorans
s__Thermomicrobium roseum
s__GCA001735715 sp001735715
s__Lawsonella clevelandensis
s__Streptomyces sp000527195
s__Comamonas denitrificans_A
s__Sulfurimonas sp021766785
s__Coproplasma sp910577875
s__Occallatibacter sp903828675
s__Ensifer sp900469595
s__UBA2125 sp002329125
s__Maritimibacter alkaliphilus
s__Nocardia amikacinitolerans
s__Bordetella bronchiseptica_F
s__VYFG01 sp022827325
s__GCA-002733185 sp024232495
s__EC70 sp002708885
s__MGBC131033 sp949155905
s__Jeotgalicoccus aerolatus
s__RUG754 sp902780845
s__Collinsella sp900540835
s__Limivicinus faecipullorum
s__Paraprevotella sp910584955
s__Gordonia amarae
s__Methylocystis sp003134075
s__Faecalibacterium gallinarum
s__Acetobacter lovaniensis
s__UBA2336 sp002344065
s__UMGS1820 sp905201285
s__Bacillus subtilis_G
s__JAJZWH01 sp021846765
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp022785155
s__JADDRA01 sp019348495
s__Oceanithermus desulfurans
s__C7867-001 sp002793115
s__DFVG01 sp002379985
s__Bacteriovorax sp947377285
s__JAJZWH01 sp021799575
s__HGM13010 sp947644595
s__JAKALD01 sp021813275
s__Nocardia asteroides
s__Mediterraneibacter stercoripullorum
s__UBA5078 sp903876785
s__Microbacterium sp007679045
s__Vibrio cortegadensis
s__Lactobacillus kullabergensis
s__UBA1096 sp002170545
s__DTU012 sp900019385
s__Muriicola sp013042255
s__Mycobacterium diernhoferi
s__Cryptobacteroides avistercoris
s__Limivicinus sp004560305
s__UBA11996 sp002435305
s__Limnohabitans sp947373745
s__Phocaeicola salanitronis
s__Ferranicluibacter rubi
s__Streptococcus mitis_AT
s__UBA1234 sp900765095
s__Treponema_D sp002309195
s__UBA1756 sp900321845
s__Ferroacidibacillus organovorans
s__CAIPMZ01 sp903851135
s__Moraxella_A sp902506215
s__Tateyamaria sp947488715
s__Akkermansia muciniphila_C
s__Streptomyces sp016893485
s__RGIG4284 sp910576205
s__Leptospira mayottensis
s__BACL27 sp009703975
s__Acidiphilium sp002255515
s__Acinetobacter sp002135205
s__Snodgrassella alvi_G
s__UBA2730 sp910576925
s__QHMH01 sp003258795
s__Faecousia sp934667815
s__Xiamenia aquisgranensis
s__Bin65 sp028819475
s__Rhodococcus oryzae
s__Komagataeibacter saccharivorans
s__CAG-793 sp013333035
s__79-D21 sp000402835
s__UBA1259 sp900760875
s__Xanthomonas_A translucens_C
s__Sphingomonas yabuuchiae_A
s__Butyricimonas synergistica
s__UBA3076 sp003194485
s__UBA9775 sp003520145
s__PUPG01 sp007125585
s__Merdicola sp900754085
s__Peptoniphilus_B duerdenii
s__Bin65 sp009840595
s__Vagococcus giribetii
s__Sodaliphilus sp902762385
s__Bog-950 sp947476645
s__DTU015 sp001513185
s__KA00274 sp001552885
s__Helicobacter_E salomonis
s__JAJZJN01 sp021851165
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp945871445
s__Marinobacter_A sp002717955
s__Mesoflavibacter zeaxanthinifaciens
s__Alloprevotella sp004552195
s__JAKAGZ01 sp021815365
s__UBA2882 sp017626095
s__Streptomyces massasporeus
s__Succinivibrio sp900316375
s__Collinsella sp902363875
s__Brotaphodocola sp910586255
s__Acidaminococcus sp900315205
s__UBA8525 sp002839335
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_N
s__Helcococcus kunzii
s__Neisseria animaloris
s__Chryseobacterium carnipullorum
s__Zapsychrus_A unditaenarius
s__Micromonospora sioxanthis
s__Leeuwenhoekiella sp002708845
s__Catenibacterium sp900540685
s__UBA9786 sp902785705
s__Thermochlorobacter sp002763895
s__Clavibacter capsici
s__Ruminiclostridium cellobioparum
s__Rahnella contaminans
s__Rhizomicrobium sp945860165
s__Erythrobacter ishigakiensis
s__Bacillus xiamenensis
s__CG2-30-53-67 sp001873285
s__Buchnera aphidicola_C
s__Prevotella sp002479145
s__Succinivibrio sp002473165
s__Rhodoglobus sp015864575
s__JACRMN01 sp021818285
s__IGN3 sp002050295
s__HGM11367 sp900768425
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947372495
s__CAIMFV01 sp903884425
s__JAJZRV01 sp027311025
s__Exiguobacterium_A antarcticum
s__Marithrix sp001723685
s__Limimorpha sp001543395
s__Fen-1231 sp026387935
s__Hydrogenophaga pseudoflava
s__MED-G10 sp902547955
s__Mobiluncus sp949769255
s__Aliarcobacter sp017996075
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017469845
s__2-01-FULL-39-21 sp001792535
s__Streptomyces harbinensis
s__UBA8515 sp021831595
s__Ketogulonicigenium vulgare
s__ISDg sp002308955
s__Anaerococcus tetradius
s__HGM11386 sp900761915
s__Sphingobium sp900013425
s__SGZJ01 sp016777305
s__Bog-257 sp003152695
s__Nocardia brasiliensis
s__S140-43 sp015491615
s__SP197 sp018700655
s__RYN-85 sp025464895
s__Prevotella sp900318395
s__JAKBEU01 sp021833625
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017477245
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280655
s__Streptomyces europaeiscabiei
s__Prevotella sp900548535
s__Alistipes sp017391185
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282495
s__Muribaculum sp001701195
s__CG1-02-40-82 sp002774415
s__Arthrobacter sp024124825
s__Dokdonia sp947496725
s__UBA952 sp002293185
s__MD308 sp910584615
s__Halopseudomonas formosensis
s__CAG-302 sp001916775
s__UBA12087 sp001796335
s__UBA10364 sp003487785
s__Endoriftia persephone
s__CAIMGI01 sp945861665
s__WO2-42-50 sp001776545
s__Chlorobium sp903994365
s__Corynebacterium sp025144245
s__Prosthecobacter sp002343505
s__Acutalibacter sp900548545
s__Bin18 sp022820725
s__Cobetia sp013376735
s__JAJYDF01 sp021777765
s__CAINMV01 sp903897855
s__Limnohabitans_A sp943331105
s__Pseudomonas_E trivialis
s__Clostridium_AQ sp900552125
s__QYPT01 sp945884695
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278845
s__Flavobacterium tructae
s__Persephonella sp015487465
s__CACNYO01 sp902566305
s__Micromonospora saelicesensis
s__Mycobacterium haemophilum
s__UBA2589 sp002348465
s__Otoolea sp016302185
s__Solibaculum mannosilyticum
s__UMGS75 sp900538885
s__UBA5018 sp903862155
s__Accumulibacter iunctus
s__Nocardia cyriacigeorgica_E
s__SKKK01 sp007121535
s__HGM12713 sp900754175
s__JANWZL01 sp021826065
s__Pseudothioglobus sp002169705
s__UBA4334 sp002393555
s__UBA4881 sp002399235
s__Actinomyces denticolens
s__UBA1573 sp002425415
s__JAQVMU01 sp028703475
s__UBA2100 sp002331185
s__CAIQCK01 sp903870275
s__JAKANR01 sp021801565
s__Pukyongia sp013043685
s__Sulfurovum sp002403155
s__Pseudomonas_E sediminis
s__PNKL01 sp021813725
s__SFHR01 sp004555545
s__Occallatibacter sp021800255
s__UBA8558 sp002712065
s__Corynebacterium evansiae
s__Adlercreutzia mucosicola
s__Alistipes sp900552955
s__Aquabacterium_A sp945878355
s__Acetatifactor sp947003375
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016704485
s__Streptococcus danieliae
s__Cellulosimicrobium composti
s__Chryseolinea sp025923195
s__Porphyromonas crevioricanis
s__Rhodoluna sp947373155
s__Curtobacterium sp000772085
s__TMED112 sp902610995
s__BAIKAL-G1-2R sp003670915
s__Merdimorpha stercoravium
s__Streptococcus vicugnae
s__BACL11 sp945865535
s__Butyricimonas sp003479425
s__GCA-2729515 sp002729515
s__Salipaludibacillus agaradhaerens
s__UBA9145 sp018401885
s__CAG-873 sp946553045
s__Rhodoferax sp002784245
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp015487495
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903870175
s__CALSPH01 sp943788195
s__UBA5081 sp002415785
s__Aeromonas schubertii
s__JAJZMH01 sp021810025
s__Sporomusa sphaeroides
s__UBA4334 sp016302435
s__Alloprevotella sp900541335
s__Brotaphodocola sp003506385
s__Laedolimicola ammoniilytica
s__QIAJ01 sp003139995
s__Viridilinea sp903915775
s__Vescimonas sp900756715
s__Fen-1258 sp021812705
s__UBA5946 sp002434045
s__SIBH01 sp947502425
s__Polynucleobacter sp903867305
s__MAG-120802 sp030730425
s__Pseudomonas_E thivervalensis
s__Legionella_B geestiana
s__Mesorhizobium sp003952465
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp002729765
s__Hel1-33-131 sp905479095
s__4572-112 sp015493685
s__Lentihominibacter excrementavium
s__Bacillus swezeyi
s__Salegentibacter mishustinae
s__Ventrousia sp947427035
s__Faecousia sp002493965
s__Pseudolabrys sp903892675
s__Saccharofermentans sp900314745
s__Chlorobium phaeovibrioides
s__TMED26 sp003280605
s__Fen-549 sp003162055
s__JAKAFK01 sp021817985
s__Chryseobacterium bernardetii_B
s__UMGS1052 sp900548115
s__Kitasatospora purpeofusca
s__HGM11416 sp900768525
s__LS-NOB sp950072225
s__Pelethenecus faecipullorum
s__Gemmiger_A avium
s__Bog-877 sp003132265
s__2-01-FULL-46-13 sp001780775
s__Microbacterium sp002979515
s__PALSA-600 sp009702325
s__Thiomonas sp000377645
s__CAG-1193 sp000436255
s__Vicinibacter sp016717265
s__JJ008 sp016708765
s__RUG760 sp900322165
s__Proteiniphilum sp016839025
s__Mediterraneibacter cottocaccae
s__UBA964 sp002292945
s__Pauljensenia sp001838165
s__LC2-1 sp016781925
s__SHLJ01 sp013042625
s__Paraburkholderia sp900104795
s__Fenollaria timonensis
s__Pseudothioglobus sp905614365
s__Globicatella sp016126655
s__BOG-234 sp903929755
s__Fusobacterium_A ulcerans_A
s__COE1 sp910588755
s__Olegusella massiliensis
s__M0103 sp903945495
s__Collinsella sp902399975
s__Chromobacterium amazonense
s__Rhizomicrobium sp018971835
s__Moraxella_A atlantae
s__Aphodousia sp944390675
s__UBA2224 sp012719295
s__Sporofaciens sp011960625
s__RFSX01 sp009923745
s__Fictibacillus_C marinisediminis
s__CSSed11-197 sp028716145
s__RF16 sp902785805
s__28-YEA-48 sp903825465
s__Aphodousia faecavium
s__GWA2-43-14 sp001779315
s__Blautia_A intestinipullorum
s__Lysinibacillus pakistanensis
s__ASP10-05a sp000981645
s__UMGS1591 sp905198295
s__Frisingicoccus sp900549105
s__Limnohabitans_A sp009928125
s__CAG-1252 sp002363545
s__Megasphaera elsdenii_A
s__Thermacetogenium phaeum
s__UBA1847 sp013042375
s__Idiomarina sp002729675
s__Peptoniphilus_A vaginalis
s__UBA9145 sp009692305
s__F23-D06 sp900316305
s__Aliivibrio fischeri_A
s__CG2-30-36-38 sp001873465
s__SMWZ01 sp004356455
s__Syntrophaceticus schinkii
s__HKST-UBA178 sp024235255
s__JAKBCS01 sp021781415
s__UMGS911 sp003343545
s__UBA10364 sp003023665
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903863395
s__Mycobacterium crocinum
s__Spiroplasma_D sp902809815
s__Acinetobacter wuhouensis
s__UBA9988 sp001823095
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902779785
s__UBA4465 sp943788235
s__Enorma sp000333815
s__Fimisoma sp900545135
s__CAIYRG01 sp009693985
s__UBA10133 sp001001485
s__Fen-1038 sp021824575
s__UBA6136 sp009922685
s__Mycobacterium sp002013775
s__UBA3006 sp009698745
s__UBA4582 sp002386885
s__RUG760 sp900315265
s__01-FULL-54-110 sp001789045
s__Methylophilus sp000384155
s__JAGTTR01 sp018223385
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp900550285
s__Prevotella sp900317405
s__UBA961 sp005788035
s__Pseudomonas_E sp012985665
s__Collinsella sp027671585
s__Rathayibacter tritici
s__XYB2-FULL-45-11 sp001791305
s__Streptococcus oralis_BC
s__UMGS1901 sp900553755
s__Listeria grayi
s__Alistipes avicola
s__UBA1268 sp002694955
s__Shewanella frigidimarina
s__Thermosipho africanus
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900544885
s__Pseudomonas_E saponiphila
s__UBA1550 sp002771015
s__UBA1328 sp002306815
s__Alloprevotella sp015257125
s__Streptomyces flaveolus
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687975
s__Prevotella sp900320585
s__UBA1067 sp900321575
s__Mxb001 sp030726915
s__Alistipes excrementipullorum
s__Lachnoclostridium_A stercoravium
s__VFKP01 sp021778015
s__Prevotella phocaeensis
s__UBA2163 sp913041175
s__Rhizobium_C sp017305935
s__Fimimonas sp947570215
s__Bradyrhizobium sp002831585
s__Planktophila sp903918325
s__UBA1685 sp004560435
s__Globicatella sulfidifaciens
s__UBA823 sp002296225
s__Caccosoma sp900762575
s__Geofilum sp002411385
s__CAG-269 sp948875265
s__Pauljensenia odontolytica_B
s__MVZN01 sp002069125
s__Streptomyces eurythermus
s__UMGS1470 sp900766395
s__Rugosibacter sp002422995
s__UBA11475 sp003538975
s__CAIYRG01 sp947473475
s__CAG-475 sp900549225
s__OLB17 sp016720705
s__JAHIYV01 sp018814635
s__CAG-452 sp934167165
s__Geothrix sp903873655
s__Staphylococcus simiae_A
s__Bacillus sp026790065
s__Oscillochloris sp903887465
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_A
s__Reyranella sp002281855
s__UBA6940 sp002450655
s__UBA5348 sp002411005
s__Porphyromonas uenonis_A
s__RGIG2707 sp017428655
s__UBA4975 sp002423965
s__HO2-43-120 sp001821295
s__Ruegeria sp013031185
s__SIG471 sp905199135
s__Cupriavidus necator
s__CAG-177 sp900319455
s__Eubacterium_R sp022772725
s__Citrobacter sp005281345
s__UBA11663 sp002729115
s__CANLBN01 sp947489425
s__JAJZWG01 sp021803105
s__Phenylobacterium sp030693625
s__Planktophila sp009726135
s__Prevotella sp900543585
s__Cyanobium sp002252675
s__SHLJ01 sp004283005
s__Prevotella sp900320045
s__Ruminococcus sp016295545
s__UBA12042 sp001775555
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002439095
s__Syntrophosphaera thermopropionivorans
s__Anabaena cylindrica
s__UMGS124 sp900555105
s__UBA7950 sp022684035
s__UBA9320 sp003484585
s__JAJZGD01 sp021818445
s__SYFI01 sp903943955
s__SURF-52 sp021813445
s__VMSU01 sp021782655
s__Lebetimonas sp000523275
s__Alloprevotella sp900095835
s__Pseudohongiella nitratireducens
s__Lachnospira eligens
s__UBA4363 sp002393965
s__Globicatella sp010892315
s__Leclercia tamurae
s__Pararhizobium giardinii
s__Udaeobacter sp003219415
s__Actinomarina sp902613615
s__MPNP01 sp011523445
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_I
s__Nitrosomonas sp015075225
s__Flemingibacterium merdigallinarum
s__Prevotella sp900320445
s__Sphingomonas sp002403415
s__CAG-390 sp900321265
s__CAG-115 sp900768125
s__Microcella indica
s__Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
s__UBA5905 sp900764115
s__Borkfalkia sp904374385
s__GCA-002712045 sp002683355
s__Acinetobacter kookii
s__Campylobacter_A showae_A
s__UBA12191 sp009937185
s__BOG-234 sp903900705
s__Pseudomonas_E sp007828215
s__Succinivibrio sp902776275
s__Acidiphilium sp002279355
s__UBA3263 sp948467675
s__Streptococcus equinus_B
s__Roseburia_B zhanii
s__Limosilactobacillus fastidiosus
s__Streptomyces sp900187385
s__JABEVD01 sp021835845
s__Halopseudomonas bauzanensis
s__Paludibacter sp903901975
s__Marinobacter lutaoensis
s__SFGY01 sp004556455
s__RF16 sp900317885
s__Hydromicrobium sp018894445
s__Extibacter sp017566055
s__Cellulosimicrobium cinnabarinum
s__Enterobacter huaxiensis
s__Atribacter sp002069605
s__Pragia fontium
s__Coprovicinus avistercoris
s__JAMCSD01 sp021817905
s__CAG-492 sp900557045
s__Shouchella oshimensis
s__OM05-12 sp003438995
s__Prevotella sp002353225
s__Coprovivens sp900552975
s__MGBC100798 sp947646415
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp028401415
s__JABJEI01 sp018663245
s__Aphodomorpha sp900549955
s__Haemophilus quentini
s__JAACFF01 sp009937635
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902774155
s__Rhizorhabdus wittichii
s__Rummeliibacillus sp003576525
s__Corynebacterium auriscanis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017438265
s__Metallibacterium sp021795435
s__CAIZGX01 sp030729695
s__CADAEX01 sp017446885
s__Faecisoma merdavium
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903916355
s__Weissella tructae
s__Niallia sp011524565
s__JAKAHD01 sp021815205
s__Wolbachia sp902636395
s__Chelatococcus_A composti
s__Udaeobacter sp003218135
s__Holophaga sp002068835
s__JAKAGF01 sp021825805
s__JAGHEK01 sp017889265
s__Mesorhizobium sp004016445
s__UBA2268 sp002418685
s__JAJYDS01 sp021777215
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902776975
s__Flavobacterium panacis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp018816095
s__RAAP-2 sp903873775
s__Streptococcus sp013276795
s__CAG-177 sp900770255
s__Lactiplantibacillus mudanjiangensis
s__MFBS3-17 sp008831505
s__GWF2-35-48 sp001769125
s__Pseudidiomarina sp030466405
s__Sphingomonas beigongshangi
s__Faecalibacterium intestinigallinarum
s__VMCP01 sp008081305
s__Acidithiobacillus sp027351205
s__UBA1067 sp002351765
s__JAJZMK01 sp021796535
s__CAJBMM01 sp903954185
s__Neisseria dumasiana
s__Hydrogenophaga intermedia
s__Acidilutibacter cellobiosedens
s__BD2-11 sp009841185
s__Clostridioides_A sp002390935
s__GWA2-47-10 sp001820685
s__Rhodanobacter sp001899565
s__Fusobacterium_B sp900554885
s__Methylibium petroleiphilum
s__M55B157 sp018609125
s__F23-B02 sp945613045
s__Mediterraneibacter merdigallinarum
s__MEDG-81 sp902563105
s__Anaerobutyricum sp002494165
s__GWB2-47-37 sp021792185
s__Thiodictyon sp903946935
s__CANAAV01 sp947346365
s__Lepagella sp900550645
s__Wolbachia sp018224395
s__UBA2645 sp945906835
s__Cyanobium sp903934745
s__RAAP-2 sp003136495
s__Eisenbergiella merdavium
s__2-02-FULL-45-18 sp001774075
s__Lepagella sp910584055
s__UBA5489 sp002424095
s__UBA1732 sp902762495
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902785825
s__Metalachnospira sp902406135
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp945896765
s__CAJLYO01 sp905210885
s__Egerieimonas sp900552095
s__Anaerophaga thermohalophila
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021814735
s__JAGNGI01 sp018002295
s__Phocaeicola faecipullorum
s__Streptococcus cristatus_H
s__UBA6186 sp002422785
s__Cupriavidus basilensis
s__Ichthyocystis sparus
s__UBA2991 sp009841435
s__UBA953 sp903860195
s__Pinisolibacter aquiterrae
s__UBA4421 sp002690405
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_O
s__Fen-1273 sp003161955
s__DTU024 sp001513425
s__Lacticaseibacillus pantheris
s__UBA5799 sp001595385
s__BOG-234 sp903875575
s__Palsa-661 sp003151475
s__Allorhizobium vitis_G
s__SCAELEC01 sp004282745
s__Massiliimalia sp900752435
s__UBA12499 sp001788395
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249265
s__Scatomorpha pullistercoris
s__Paraburkholderia silvatlantica
s__Heritagella sp905215105
s__Ruegeria lacuscaerulensis_A
s__Lancefieldella sp938015835
s__JAKALO01 sp021824125
s__Alcanivorax sp002706085
s__Succinimonas sp002372325
s__UBA4421 sp002390555
s__CAIVDX01 sp027323595
s__Entomomonas sp945283395
s__JAGWBD01 sp028818375
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902794005
s__Psychrobacter pasteurii
s__Paramuribaculum sp014801655
s__Corynebacterium provencense
s__Acidocella sp021818425
s__Nitrosomonas sp008015595
s__Limivicinus sp934591725
s__Udaeobacter sp003218975
s__HIMB59 sp902599405
s__UBA6382 sp945827465
s__Wocania spongiicola
s__SXXH01 sp903829565
s__Limivicinus sp900319275
s__Streptomyces seoulensis
s__UBA3574 sp002375935
s__Pseudomonas_B oryzihabitans_E
s__Saccharofermentans sp902775565
s__Blautia merdigallinarum
s__UMGS1810 sp900555295
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902782225
s__Rothia mucilaginosa_B
s__Caccenecus sp900549285
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187425
s__Treponema_D sp900319625
s__UBA2212 sp002402585
s__UBA4923 sp012799695
s__JAKAHZ01 sp021814615
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021822385
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903863845
s__UBA3871 sp002392265
s__VAZQ01 sp005883115
s__CAAHEQ01 sp900772625
s__Hylemonella sp017856435
s__Schaedlerella sp009774255
s__UMGS2037 sp900557385
s__Methylicorpusculum sp030651835
s__Helicobacter_D canadensis
s__Helicobacter_A saguini
s__JAICMS01 sp025929075
s__Mycobacterium paraense
s__Thiomonas sp021830925
s__UBA9959 sp021812825
s__Faecalibacillus spiroformis_A
s__UBA2645 sp001767955
s__GCA-002782285 sp002790655
s__Acinetobacter pittii_I
s__Paraglaciecola mesophila
s__Veillonella parvula
s__Qingrenia yutianensis
s__Prevotella sp002392645
s__Prevotella sp934254985
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp903830015
s__RF16 sp900321605
s__Vibrio sp903986855
s__Corynebacterium renale
s__Lawsonibacter sp900553135
s__Parvimonas parva
s__Thermomonas beijingensis
s__Oenococcus kitaharae
s__FD2005 sp000702525
s__UBA2918 sp017471185
s__Heritagella gallinarum
s__QWPT01 sp903856525
s__Advenella_A alkanexedens
s__RF16 sp017448345
s__UBA955 sp947464515
s__Prevotella sp934230115
s__Prevotella sp002394365
s__Nocardioides_B sp025934895
s__UBA5972 sp002430125
s__Jeotgalicoccus marinus
s__Collinsella sp958402855
s__Arachnia sp001956895
s__Collinsella sp003465825
s__UBA1711 sp902771735
s__Metamycoplasma salivarium
s__JAFMDF01 sp017857395
s__Casp-actino8 sp010030605
s__Planktophila sp009698295
s__Sphingomonas lycopersici
s__Paramuribaculum sp014802045
s__Enterobacter oligotrophicus
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902586435
s__Treponema vincentii
s__Mangrovimonas futianensis
s__Eubacterium_F sp947369165
s__CAG-238 sp945644815
s__Accumulibacter propinquus
s__UBA4372 sp902801325
s__Veillonella infantium_A
s__Sodaliphilus sp902785925
s__Basfia_A rossii
s__Shewanella fodinae
s__Bradyrhizobium diversitatis
s__Treponema_D sp900770075
s__Zoogloea sp008011925
s__Prevotella sp900315765
s__JAOTVV01 sp029863245
s__Halothiobacillus sp002282715
s__Clostridioides sp021561035
s__Neoanaerotignum galli
s__Streptomyces coriariae
s__Bariatricus comes_A
s__JAJZAM01 sp021808665
s__UBA9659 sp018645845
s__Sulfuricaulis sp001785195
s__UBA2093 sp009705865
s__Limivicinus sp900319465
s__Merdimonas sp900553355
s__Porphyromonas_A sp001808555
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002395605
s__Rhodococcus sp002259405
s__Aeromonas sp023093515
s__Parafannyhessea umbonata_A
s__JAJZUL01 sp021848545
s__SURF-10 sp021737645
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_L
s__CF-13 sp005881715
s__DUQU01 sp012837645
s__Achromobacter marplatensis
s__NK4A136 sp017634975
s__JAPEKQ01 sp029990205
s__Weimeria sp902803645
s__28-YEA-48 sp903861645
s__Pantoea rwandensis_B
s__Mesorhizobium sp004017275
s__CAIJKV01 sp903821335
s__Gramella flava
s__Moraxella bovoculi
s__AG-430-B22 sp002728335
s__Streptomyces himastatinicus
s__CAIUMH01 sp009699875
s__DTU030 sp001513125
s__PALSA-747 sp903953805
s__Streptococcus hyovaginalis
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp947481755
s__UBA1174 sp900556855
s__JABHEG01 sp018676675
s__RUG099 sp900320285
s__Megamonas sp900556715
s__Clostridium_J senegalense
s__Geobacter anodireducens
s__Actinomyces oris_E
s__NK4A136 sp000687675
s__JJ008 sp003489485
s__UBA4132 sp903902705
s__Lacrimispora sp001312405
s__Binatus sp003135135
s__UBA12028 sp001002285
s__Jejubacter calystegiae
s__Proteus vulgaris_B
s__UBA4636 sp017399185
s__JAAZLA01 sp012799545
s__Caldilinea sp020634815
s__HIMB30 sp010024125
s__UMGS1045 sp900547995
s__Iodidimonas sp000710935
s__UBA5619 sp018896355
s__GCA-002790695 sp002780915
s__Neobacillus sp018613105
s__Porphyromonas sp900548415
s__Enteromonas sp900317295
s__Staphylococcus sp025558425
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AE
s__Alistipes sp017463585
s__Muricomes oroticus
s__UBA2137 sp002328415
s__HGM13634 sp900770385
s__Photorhabdus khanii
s__Veillonella sp900552445
s__Onthoplasma faecipullorum
s__Caccenecus sp000438195
s__CAIOGM01 sp903902855
s__JABMRF01 sp018674305
s__Lientehia sp910587905
s__UBA1930 sp947488765
s__Pseudomonas_E fragi_D
s__Brevundimonas sp018820275
s__RGIG7179 sp016302925
s__Palsa-295 sp003167215
s__Aquidulcibacter sp027532555
s__Enterocloster faecavium
s__Leptospira_A sp026151655
s__Caccovivens sp900555365
s__Catenibacterium sp900764565
s__Pseudomonas_E marginalis_D
s__Epilithonimonas vandammei
s__RGIG7150 sp023230285
s__Desulfosporosinus sp000770645
s__Zhihengliuella sp031178195
s__Guopingia tenuis
s__Haematobacter massiliensis
s__Planktophila sp009699825
s__Kosakonia oryzendophytica
s__Massilioclostridium facile
s__UBA6120 sp002422535
s__Microbacterium sp004794315
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947425085
s__Caccovivens sp910586385
s__SYFN01 sp023653025
s__UBA2017 sp002335425
s__UBA4372 sp017622815
s__UBA3439 sp016780525
s__Paenibacillus xylanilyticus_A
s__Gallibacterium sp001678475
s__Companilactobacillus paralimentarius
s__SKVJ01 sp007129495
s__Sulfurimonas sp002452425
s__Brotaphodocola merdavium
s__UBA3282 sp002361355
s__JACNIU01 sp014382905
s__CAG-177 sp017430535
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003050925
s__Treponema_D pectinovorum
s__Bradyrhizobium symbiodeficiens
s__Acetatifactor muris
s__CAIOVX01 sp903894145
s__UBA6615 sp002937505
s__MED-G52 sp003332035
s__UBA5884 sp018376535
s__M0103 sp021740745
s__Chlorobium sp903871235
s__Streptomyces yangpuensis
s__Muricauda_A lutaonensis
s__UBA5550 sp002069965
s__UBA5808 sp002417975
s__UBA3002 sp002346425
s__Parabacteroides sp900547435
s__Leptospira alstonii
s__Scatovivens sp934182465
s__Giesbergeria sp024709845
s__UBA1732 sp900320095
s__Fimimonas sp947053925
s__Agathobacter ruminis
s__Puia sp030706735
s__Treponema_D sp002478955
s__Methyloversatilis universalis
s__Oceanicaulis alexandrii
s__M0103 sp947476955
s__JAKAWH01 sp021817065
s__SKON01 sp007120035
s__GCA-2698665 sp018670435
s__Levilactobacillus suantsaiihabitans
s__MGBC140090 sp910586805
s__Lepagella sp900554845
s__Marinisoma sp943841495
s__Limisoma faecipullorum
s__Desulfovibrio sp002369295
s__Weizmannia ginsengihumi
s__MED-G09 sp002704345
s__Aquimonas sp002068275
s__Hominimerdicola alba_A
s__Onthocola_B stercoravium
s__OMII01 sp903920005
s__Anaerofustis sp900549875
s__Sulfobacillus_C sp021784595
s__Meiothermus taiwanensis
s__CAIRTM01 sp903881505
s__Gilliamella sp009795805
s__CABRXV01 sp900754955
s__Beduini sp900550005
s__Prevotella sp002392835
s__Sandarakinorhabdus limnophila_A
s__CAG-196 sp900549855
s__S146-62 sp015492495
s__RAAP-2 sp021827705
s__Metalachnospira sp900546215
s__Paenibacillus_F chitinolyticus
s__Malacoplasma_A sp949422915
s__GCA-2402195 sp905479885
s__UBA4372 sp947168555
s__Dysosmobacter sp900551885
s__Neorhizobium huautlense
s__Polynucleobacter sp947452535
s__Streptomyces physcomitrii
s__Kytococcus sedentarius
s__Suilimivivens sp947173495
s__UMGS1668 sp900768105
s__Ga0077536 sp945876945
s__Propionicimonas sp023436925
s__Coprosoma sp900546055
s__Chryseobacterium bernardetii
s__UA16 sp905478895
s__Bin125 sp009838735
s__UBA724 sp018672145
s__Prevotella sp900550035
s__S141-43 sp015490715
s__UBA11426 sp003448375
s__Pelagibacter sp902633125
s__UBA1711 sp016280915
s__UBA953 sp903919185
s__Nitrospira_D sp029881435
s__Flavobacterium anhuiense
s__Fimousia stercorigallinarum
s__JAAZCA01 sp012513515
s__Phocaeicola_A sp900765575
s__Micromonospora zamorensis
s__JAJYVT01 sp021794995
s__Phocaeicola sp900544075
s__Stoquefichus sp001244545
s__Hominibacterium faecale
s__SIAT01 sp945860945
s__Pseudomonas_E sp012985465
s__Thermophilibacter excrementavium
s__UBA8592 sp002295705
s__Streptomyces laculatispora
s__CAIKZZ01 sp903832085
s__Caccocola sp900545755
s__Streptococcus sp905221305
s__Mycobacterium novocastrense
s__Paraburkholderia youngii
s__Laedolimicola merdipullorum
s__Actinobacillus_C sp020026155
s__UBA3212 sp002363615
s__Shewanella seohaensis
s__Luoshenia tenuis
s__QXXE01 sp910586105
s__Methylosinus sporium
s__CAIKXV01 sp903831455
s__Pseudomonas_E promysalinigenes
s__Lentibacillus_C populi
s__JAKPBU01 sp022662495
s__Marinimicrobium koreense
s__Undibacterium aquatile
s__Scybalocola sp900557175
s__GCA-1730015 sp937931165
s__28-YEA-48 sp903903935
s__Lepagella sp905214735
s__Granulicella sp021800195
s__67-14 sp903933815
s__UBA3857 sp017394835
s__Peptostreptococcus russellii_A
s__Collinsella sp900554455
s__Biomaibacter acetigenes
s__Mycobacterium thermoresistibile
s__Oribacterium parvum
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_N
s__UBA8904 sp003506745
s__Trabulsiella odontotermitis
s__CAISYW01 sp903889795
s__Aeromonas piscicola
s__Salimicrobium album
s__UBA10324 sp945892775
s__Pseudomonas_E cedrina
s__Jejuia sp947504035
s__CG1-02-47-37 sp002772455
s__UBA11358 sp903918885
s__TMED108 sp002724475
s__Megaera sp903828265
s__JABCPH02 sp013333235
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp910579265
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp945868805
s__Staphylococcus simulans_B
s__JAKAFA01 sp021818185
s__CALXXA01 sp944391545
s__Pelosinus fermentans
s__CAG-475 sp910584155
s__MWDO01 sp002070605
s__Bacteroides merdavium
s__UA16 sp905479395
s__Terrimonas_A sp001898405
s__JAJYDB01 sp021777845
s__Prevotella baroniae
s__Faecousia sp900763965
s__JAKBEL01 sp021833825
s__Methylophilus medardicus
s__RF16 sp900319995
s__SMWN01 sp004356415
s__XYC2-34-220 sp001780285
s__UBA2093 sp005790505
s__JAICNY01 sp025930955
s__JAAXKN01 sp025612375
s__UBA2813 sp900314375
s__Faecalibacterium sp900765705
s__RFSX01 sp938002705
s__SW10 sp002323895
s__SCQM01 sp021777475
s__Acinetobacter sichuanensis
s__UBA5809 sp002417965
s__JAKAHB01 sp021815315
s__Delta-02 sp002408185
s__JABGVJ01 sp018646105
s__RUG14186 sp902796565
s__W2P13-069 sp004553405
s__Avirikenella pullistercoris
s__UBA1740 sp900767415
s__AAA044-D11 sp947372965
s__VSJD01 sp008636095
s__Luminiphilus sp002691565
s__Scatomorpha merdigallinarum
s__Fen-1467 sp903940425
s__Clavibacter sepedonicus
s__Firm-10 sp004552515
s__Melghirimyces thermohalophilus
s__Mycobacterium simiae
s__UBA4285 sp900542465
s__UBA4615 sp903903975
s__Paratractidigestivibacter sp900540955
s__Caccovivens sp905207515
s__Acetatifactor sp945485625
s__Azotobacter beijerinckii
s__Rothia terrae
s__Prevotella sp022781445
s__JAAFGM01 sp938034415
s__GWA2-43-13 sp000999025
s__Shewanella glacialipiscicola
s__WTGJ01 sp011523615
s__Moryella longum_A
s__Naasia sp913778905
s__Chryseobacterium sp002455915
s__Prevotella seregens
s__GWE2-51-13 sp003520745
s__MED-G82 sp902601475
s__Streptomyces clavifer
s__Acinetobacter faecalis
s__Streptococcus symci
s__CAMBSA01 sp947466535
s__Mesorhizobium sp004020315
s__Ruminococcus sp015066935
s__JAJYFT01 sp021790815
s__EhC02 sp024304985
s__SZAS-17 sp021780355
s__Petralouisia sp910583835
s__Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi
s__Streptomyces gardneri
s__Planococcus okeanokoites
s__T1Sed10-7 sp003554005
s__Qipengyuania xiapuensis
s__MGBC157735 sp022793815
s__Mycobacterium heckeshornense
s__Rheinheimera sp018826295
s__Coprosoma sp000432855
s__NK4A136 sp002373855
s__Heritagella sp905200265
s__JAJZGD01 sp021852245
s__RGIG3002 sp947650155
s__CAITOL01 sp903893975
s__Foliamicus sp009838035
s__IMCC26207 sp009701845
s__Eubacterium_R sp002493325
s__Devosia equisanguinis
s__40CM-4-68-19 sp001918155
s__Mesotoga sp003228205
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021791935
s__UBA923 sp002387735
s__Saccharofermentans sp017940895
s__SXXZ01 sp947464705
s__UBA3478 sp003045935
s__Bulleidia sp015256455
s__HIMB59 sp902617355
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009834565
s__Paramuribaculum sp014800945
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910577435
s__UBA8079 sp018702955
s__Roseovarius mucosus
s__Streptomyces nodosus
s__Thioglobus_A sp012963715
s__Curtobacterium luteum
s__SMXQ01 sp027292975
s__Streptomyces spectabilis
s__Burkholderia pyrrocinia
s__Occallatibacter sp003138515
s__Barnesiella_A excrementipullorum
s__CAIKLP01 sp903951325
s__Prevotella sp002449845
s__UBA4372 sp945787625
s__Vibrio chagasii
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007134865
s__UMGS27 sp900538555
s__Agrobacterium larrymoorei
s__Oribacterium sp017940955
s__Novosphingobium resinovorum_A
s__Streptococcus mitis_BQ
s__Faecivicinus avistercoris
s__Butyribacter sp002361175
s__UBA8653 sp002862275
s__JABEVH01 sp021804355
s__Methylobacterium sp001424705
s__Lysinibacillus sp002340205
s__Brevibacillus brevis
s__WO2-FULL-39-9 sp001793155
s__Coproplasma stercoripullorum
s__Sumerlaea chitinivorans
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900554685
s__UBA2862 sp902765305
s__Campylobacter_D peloridis
s__Dysosmobacter sp944387035
s__UBA2093 sp903929185
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947497455
s__Scatovivens sp949745595
s__Streptomyces griseoviridis
s__Pseudomonas_E helleri_A
s__Enterousia sp902793005
s__Anaerovibrio lipolyticus
s__Sediminibacterium sp002281875
s__Schlesneria paludicola_B
s__Plantibacter flavus_A
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903926385
s__JAJZAM01 sp021799445
s__RUG11623 sp902770965
s__GCA-002733185 sp002713705
s__Cupriavidus cauae
s__Maribacter sp002742365
s__Tahibacter sp001725155
s__UBA6215 sp017992785
s__Collinsella sp900552425
s__Planktomarina sp000981705
s__CAG-273 sp948560265
s__T3Sed10-11 sp003568415
s__Zobellia russellii
s__Shewanella loihica
s__UBA2632 sp028696875
s__UBA3636 sp002448475
s__TOLSYN sp903851035
s__UBA9926 sp943787425
s__Anaerotignum sp910578425
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002396335
s__Actinomarina sp902625455
s__BRH-c54 sp002359215
s__Comamonas_C sp001725255
s__Adlercreutzia sp947573925
s__PALSA-747 sp903844115
s__ER46 sp947474995
s__UBA6168 sp021739645
s__RF16 sp022777485
s__Metaruminococcus_A sp022792755
s__Ornithospirochaeta stercorigallinarum
s__Arcanobacterium phocae
s__GWA1-54-10 sp943349945
s__Lepagella sp014802175
s__Acidithrix sp021818355
s__Prevotella pleuritidis
s__Pseudomonas_E rustica
s__JAKBKY01 sp021832345
s__Hel1-33-131 sp018608625
s__Duncaniella sp014802345
s__Sulfitobacter sp002731875
s__Robbsia andropogonis
s__Liquorilactobacillus mali
s__Scatomonas merdavium
s__Aeriscardovia aeriphila
s__Pectobacterium peruviense
s__Limivivens sp905214955
s__CAIYUN01 sp903869665
s__UBA964 sp903938365
s__UBA5109 sp943789335
s__CW01 sp018267725
s__SLQR01 sp007123975
s__Agathobaculum intestinigallinarum
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947380945
s__Thiolapillus sp003972985
s__Micromonospora parva
s__CAILQE01 sp903836325
s__UBA2558 sp028692555
s__UBA2239 sp021845865
s__Acetatifactor sp947385725
s__Tepidiforma sp003104995
s__Limimorpha sp017645275
s__Pseudoruminococcus sp902765855
s__Palsa-1392 sp003169975
s__Coprothermobacter proteolyticus
s__CAG-791 sp002449595
s__MGBC122484 sp910587815
s__Collinsella sp937965595
s__Methylobacterium jeotgali
s__UBA6901 sp002451085
s__UBA5905 sp900763035
s__Mesorhizobium sp004791255
s__Neisseria zoodegmatis
s__Smithella sp000753945
s__FEN-1297 sp021824145
s__Epibacterium ulvae
s__SXXK01 sp005791255
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000955815
s__CAG-1782 sp002349735
s__Butyricicoccus avistercoris
s__Caproicibacter sp002409585
s__UMGS687 sp938034555
s__JAAYUI01 sp002070635
s__Desulfofervidus auxilii
s__Mycobacterium nebraskense
s__CAIZGX01 sp903932685
s__TMED109 sp002720535
s__Polynucleobacter sp903843235
s__PWMO01 sp007123465
s__UMGS1908 sp900556185
s__Terribacillus saccharophilus_A
s__Caballeronia sp022878925
s__Staphylococcus pragensis
s__SKMY01 sp003556225
s__JABFRC01 sp030693065
s__Coprenecus stercorigallinarum
s__UBA9414 sp003458885
s__Kingella_B oralis
s__UBA1240 sp002308875
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021845825
s__JAKAUF01 sp021827785
s__RAAP-2 sp903924205
s__JAHJJO01 sp018822835
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002263605
s__Terrimesophilobacter sp023957835
s__Hopanoidiivorans cymbastelae
s__CAG-877 sp900768815
s__SP4260 sp902512585
s__2-02-FULL-40-10 sp001779115
s__Tenacibaculum soleae
s__Parabacteroides sp900540715
s__Gemella haemolysans
s__Paenibacillus sp029893965
s__Microbacterium sp913774665
s__Helicobacter_A muridarum
s__RGIG4140 sp015062385
s__Prevotella micans
s__Slackia sp900553655
s__JABJKH01 sp018660465
s__AG-12 sp021802115
s__Protochlamydia amoebophila
s__Aggregatibacter segnis
s__Merdousia sp900546565
s__Nitrosomonas communis
s__Muribacter muris
s__Cereibacter_A sp002407205
s__UBA3282 sp937910785
s__UBA1405 sp910589145
s__Oribacterium sp900768305
s__ER46 sp945874455
s__HGM11327 sp900759935
s__JAHBTC01 sp002352215
s__Palsa-851 sp003153505
s__UBA3125 sp002501135
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_D
s__Desulfobacillus sp003105015
s__Microbispora catharanthi
s__Lactobacillus sp947568765
s__CAIKMD01 sp903828515
s__Olleya namhaensis
s__Desulfoprunum sp000769715
s__CAG-465 sp905204915
s__VXNF01 sp009840735
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_R
s__Nocardia neocaledoniensis
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp003214465
s__MH13 sp017642935
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis
s__UBA6257 sp002440845
s__Maribacter aquivivus
s__Methylomonas sp002929135
s__Enterosoma sp002483745
s__UBA6503 sp002436405
s__Pelagibacter sp902594705
s__Mycobacterium virginiense
s__Dehalobacter restrictus
s__Thiodubiliella endoseptemdiera
s__HIMB30 sp002705795
s__Dysosmobacter sp000436875
s__Scatousia excrementigallinarum
s__JAKAML01 sp002928395
s__JAPHTL01 sp026193355
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum
s__JAJYBI01 sp021779095
s__Neisseria oralis
s__Gluconobacter_A frateurii
s__Eubacterium_Q sp002350525
s__Oribacterium sp900772695
s__UBA9634 sp001799565
s__40CM-68-15 sp003220615
s__PNKF01 sp031127075
s__Streptomyces sp003259585
s__UBA11361 sp005881295
s__Brevibacterium epidermidis
s__Ruminococcus sp023665275
s__Methylobacterium cerastii
s__Turicimonas sp900542195
s__VMSU01 sp021789795
s__Streptomyces somaliensis
s__Pseudobutyricicoccus sp910585875
s__Nostoc muscorum_A
s__GCA-2690215 sp002690215
s__Defluviilinea sp003577395
s__Klebsiella spallanzanii
s__Desulfovibrio sp905215675
s__Saccharophagus degradans
s__Oceanobacillus oncorhynchi
s__UBA10566 sp002399025
s__Timburyella stercoris
s__Prevotella sp900551985
s__UBA981 sp002292285
s__AAA044-D11 sp903938735
s__Tatumella ptyseos
s__DP16D-bin41 sp903889245
s__Mycetohabitans sp900155955
s__Chlorobium sp903840935
s__GJ-E10 sp021842465
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A beigongshangi
s__Pelagibacter sp902555585
s__GCA-2690565 sp002457235
s__Sphingobium cupriresistens
s__UBA11358 sp903884535
s__UBA4334 sp002363115
s__Stutzerimonas saudiphocaensis
s__Selenomonas_C sp002351185
s__UBA1212 sp902792515
s__Hydrogenophilus thermoluteolus
s__Capnocytophaga gingivalis
s__VMSV01 sp013791935
s__Anaerospora hongkongensis
s__FEN-299 sp021779795
s__Methyloceanibacter sp003135455
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp000510725
s__MED-G14 sp902597545
s__Thermus antranikianii
s__JABDOU01 sp013043085
s__Hallerella porci
s__F1-60-MAGs140 sp005799065
s__Chryseobacterium shandongense
s__Sharpea porci
s__Gallimonas sp944367465
s__Leptospira_A kanakyensis
s__Desulfurella acetivorans
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902789395
s__Rhodoluna sp002342255
s__RF16 sp900316845
s__Collinsella sp900548495
s__JAJZQO01 sp021847575
s__Fen-1254 sp003162695
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900547965
s__CAIQEU01 sp947447225
s__Enteromonas sp022781015
s__CAIZWN01 sp903936705
s__CAIXIX01 sp903919615
s__Methylobacter_A sp026399025
s__Streptomyces tsukubensis
s__JAADGE01 sp020720665
s__Enterocloster clostridioformis_A
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_Q
s__Ponticaulis sp002338565
s__JAJYXT01 sp021801645
s__Atlantibacter sp002345315
s__Actinomyces capricornis
s__Patiriisocius sp003450155
s__Limimorpha sp017649945
s__Sulfuritalea sp903908065
s__Azospirillum sp003116065
s__Bosea spartocytisi
s__UBA3792 sp017428025
s__GCA-2687025 sp018644665
s__Micrococcus sp023147585
s__Halomonas alkalicola
s__Collinsella sp900552155
s__CAJPTP01 sp905373555
s__Gluconobacter cadivus
s__Carboxydocella sporoproducens
s__Desulfofundulus australicus
s__UBA6154 sp002422375
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A japonensis
s__Salisediminibacterium halotolerans
s__UBA4735 sp002404155
s__Luminiphilus sp943787485
s__Acinetobacter nectaris
s__Bulleidia sp017420505
s__Priestia aryabhattai_A
s__UBA956 sp903878115
s__Ethanoligenens harbinense
s__Enterosoma merdigallinarum
s__WHSN01 sp943328785
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp002478745
s__Limadaptatus stercoravium
s__JAAZKI01 sp002070945
s__HGM14224 sp900761905
s__Frischella japonica
s__Actinomyces sp915063485
s__Allorhizobium ferrooxidans
s__SAR86A sp004212975
s__Gemella haemolysans_B
s__Rhizobium sullae
s__Anaerocolumna sp000702945
s__BM520 sp009930445
s__Sodaliphilus sp902761475
s__UBA2942 sp900321525
s__Saccharopolyspora_C gregorii
s__Palsa-1439 sp003164675
s__Paenibacillus_E alginolyticus
s__Polaromonas sp025363315
s__Caccomorpha excrementavium
s__Marinisoma sp902629855
s__UBA952 sp943328715
s__MB11C04 sp002364975
s__Prevotella sp900321425
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_G
s__Bergeyella zoohelcum
s__Flavobacterium sp947446865
s__Thioglobus_A sp022600395
s__JABABD01 sp013001365
s__Phocaeicola sp900551645
s__Rhodohalobacter sp003561515
s__Sulfurovum sp015493435
s__CAMCDL01 sp945637225
s__Hominilimicola sp910578235
s__Pseudoalteromonas prydzensis
s__Proteocatella sp009929415
s__Coprococcus sp900767685
s__CAIKZZ01 sp903929455
s__CAG-964 sp902789345
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AQ
s__JAGNKE01 sp018000295
s__Bariatricus faecipullorum
s__Tidjanibacter faecipullorum
s__Xanthomonas_A indica
s__C-19 sp022799495
s__GN02-873 sp003260345
s__UBA3006 sp903850275
s__Flavivirga sp947494695
s__CAIKNB01 sp021796435
s__Polaribacter sp943788045
s__S36-B12 sp002728915
s__Fimenecus sp900545625
s__Clostridium baratii_A
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001427125
s__GWA1-54-10 sp943356495
s__Laedolimicola sp944383645
s__UBA11606 sp018699415
s__Corynebacterium appendicis
s__UBA1546 sp001805105
s__Eubacterium_R sp900543795
s__Sheuella sp947379755
s__UMGS1484 sp905193225
s__Mycoplasmopsis fermentans
s__JALGVN01 sp025774245
s__CAMCHB01 sp945874585
s__Enterosoma sp900763245
s__Streptococcus sp934229725
s__Oligella ureolytica
s__PALSA-1004 sp943329075
s__Rhizobium leucaenae
s__Actinacidiphila fildesensis
s__CAJBPB01 sp903957365
s__Prevotella sp017508965
s__CG03 sp013791745
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001401805
s__Planococcus kocurii
s__Caccenecus sp900758895
s__UBA4466 sp905480145
s__CAIRFN01 sp903877885
s__Limivicinus sp900754515
s__Bin5 sp022823185
s__Flavobacterium sp000169355
s__Clostridium thermobutyricum
s__CADAEX01 sp017554185
s__Acinetobacter kanungonis
s__VXRD01 sp022823725
s__Alicycliphilus sp018054745
s__CAG-964 sp900316025
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902765625
s__Vogesella indigofera
s__Rahnella inusitata
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp002025865
s__XYB2-FULL-45-9 sp001771575
s__CAG-873 sp900554715
s__Enteromonas sp003512585
s__Thauera propionica
s__Ureibacillus thermosphaericus
s__Aquabacter sp002279855
s__Cognatazoarcus halotolerans
s__Faeciplasma pullistercoris
s__Brotonthovivens avistercoris
s__Balneola sp017643645
s__Brachyspira innocens
s__Pseudomonas_E parafulva_A
s__Brevibacillus sediminis_A
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp905480335
s__Streptomyces sp003947455
s__GCA-2688435 sp002688435
s__JADKFD01 sp019187485
s__Chlorobium_A marina
s__Lactococcus_A chungangensis
s__Streptococcus infantis_B
s__Thiomonas sp021804595
s__Mediterraneibacter sp934309345
s__UBA9145 sp023254735
s__DRKI01 sp011051875
s__Staphylococcus sp022815905
s__Oliverpabstia sp002361775
s__JAPFGP01 sp005503085
s__Coprenecus sp902388455
s__Porcincola sp002371345
s__Eubacterium_R sp002494125
s__Ferruginibacter sp016715365
s__Opi-474 sp903862955
s__Ruthenibacterium sp947381875
s__CAG-269 sp900554365
s__Sphaerotilus sulfidivorans
s__Teredinibacter turnerae
s__Polynucleobacter sp947448305
s__CAG-628 sp900553835
s__Pseudomonas_E cichorii_E
s__RGIG8482 sp948777935
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_R
s__UBA5905 sp002437905
s__Limisoma sp900541935
s__SHVO01 sp947475295
s__Sedimentibacter sp002340985
s__Oxydemutator thiolithooxidans
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023460535
s__JAJZWH01 sp021788675
s__Dietzia sp003052165
s__GCA-2707915 sp902559365
s__Undibacterium curvum
s__Paraburkholderia megapolitana
s__Clostridium sp900766315
s__Ferruginibacter sp016703625
s__Schaedlerella sp004556565
s__JABEVA01 sp021800165
s__Arsenicicoccus bolidensis
s__Faecousia excrementipullorum
s__Pseudoalteromonas tunicata
s__Caccoplasma sp944325415
s__Prevotella sp905236755
s__Sulfobacillus_B sp021820485
s__Devosia sp014127105
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947446885
s__Ferrimicrobium sp021819725
s__YD12-FULL-39-22 sp001770205
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031267795
s__HIMB59 sp902613185
s__Gluconobacter_A oxydans_A
s__Lysinibacillus xylanilyticus
s__Lactobacillus huangpiensis
s__Komagataeibacter intermedius
s__Bacteroides oleiciplenus
s__UBA7741 sp900314575
s__Allorhizobium sp900473805
s__RACS-045 sp948471525
s__Timonella senegalensis
s__Kosakonia oryzae
s__Palsa-1315 sp945865525
s__JAHWJR01 sp019348335
s__Aquirufa sp947450365
s__Salipiger profundus
s__Bog-950 sp903861145
s__EC70 sp002696885
s__CABZJG01 sp002726375
s__Desulforhopalus sp903875445
s__Ignatzschineria cameli
s__Cedecea sp000277545
s__Rhizobium pisi
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_R
s__Phyllobacterium myrsinacearum
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945874355
s__Enterenecus sp905210385
s__Rudaea sp018969845
s__CAIQLG01 sp903872565
s__Prevotella sp902776665
s__Mycobacterium salmoniphilum
s__Gilliamella apicola_A
s__Megasphaera sp902388315
s__Streptomyces agglomeratus
s__Clostridium_H massiliodielmoense
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp001822065
s__Acidithiobacillus ferrianus
s__RGIG4034 sp016293925
s__Zwartia parapertussis_D
s__JAICKN01 sp025927855
s__Bin95 sp022827685
s__28-YEA-48 sp947476075
s__UBA721 sp002705165
s__SPGG2 sp001643475
s__Prevotella sp900771975
s__Casp-actino8 sp937876415
s__Onthovivens sp905197045
s__Bilifractor sp002371335
s__Agathobaculum stercoravium
s__HTCC2207 sp002382445
s__RAAP-2 sp021806055
s__RGIG8767 sp016294075
s__GCF-002259525 sp020410805
s__2-02-FULL-48-16 sp001821135
s__Avelusimicrobium excrementipullorum
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002396885
s__MED-G13 sp902602415
s__JAJYWX01 sp021791275
s__Pseudoflavonifractor sp904419835
s__Lawsonibacter sp948616425
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318205
s__Terribacillus saccharophilus
s__Rhodoferax sp903875275
s__UBA2991 sp009839725
s__UBA953 sp945878755
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp005792145
s__UBA1268 sp905477565
s__Photobacterium ganghwense
s__AAA536-G10 sp905181795
s__UBA5336 sp002408125
s__Streptococcus cristatus_I
s__Tardiphaga sp007018905
s__JAJZWG01 sp021833065
s__Prevotella sp902792685
s__Rariglobus sp024998815
s__SXXH01 sp005789645
s__CAIOVX01 sp903916325
s__Paraclostridium bifermentans
s__Nocardioides kribbensis
s__Fimimorpha excrementavium
s__Mediterraneibacter intestinavium
s__Prosthecobacter sp947466075
s__UBA7441 sp002729725
s__Nonlabens ulvanivorans
s__UBA7862 sp910584815
s__Slackia piriformis
s__ELB16-189 sp020635915
s__C7867-001 sp021781865
s__JAKAGC01 sp011772425
s__CAG-273 sp902406115
s__UBA10281 sp934271735
s__UBA4644 sp029099685
s__Pseudomonas_E agarici
s__UBA10649 sp021741645
s__Pelagibacter sp016778675
s__WO2-49-40 sp001780035
s__Roseburia sp902781225
s__Bombilactobacillus bombi
s__CAG-873 sp004552725
s__CAG-115 sp002492075
s__Telluria antarctica
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903840375
s__SLHA01 sp007136405
s__Lentilactobacillus parafarraginis
s__JAAFHG01 sp903895845
s__JAHJRJ01 sp018830765
s__Pseudomonas_E silesiensis
s__JACKBK01 sp020634615
s__JADJEF01 sp016721505
s__Salipiger bermudensis
s__Klebsiella sp003752615
s__Enterenecus sp910584835
s__CAIYPG01 sp945885335
s__UBA1685 sp944366945
s__Anaerobiospirillum pullistercoris
s__Sedimentibacter sp003483345
s__RUG099 sp900317675
s__UBA4572 sp023481175
s__SXTU01 sp005791875
s__Lientehia sp947066815
s__JAGNGI01 sp023229045
s__Alteromonas sp009811495
s__Synechococcus_C sp002171995
s__UBA7398 sp002470135
s__Bog-950 sp947475165
s__2-02-FULL-66-22 sp016180655
s__Richelia intracellularis
s__Prevotella sp000599605
s__Tatlockia feeleii
s__Psychrobacillus psychrodurans
s__Petralouisia sp910585395
s__JAKAQB01 sp021819345
s__UBA5109 sp002414385
s__Sediminibacterium sp020403425
s__Petromonas tenebris
s__Planktophila sp903954055
s__Limivicinus sp900320595
s__JAJZWH01 sp021789195
s__RUG13868 sp934100165
s__Fen-1039 sp003158295
s__UM-FILTER-39-64 sp002784365
s__CAG-238 sp022787405
s__Pseudomonas_E chlororaphis_E
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002686085
s__Fictibacillus nanhaiensis_A
s__GWC2-36-17 sp000992345
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_E
s__UBA3906 sp002391555
s__Rhodococcus koreensis
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_T
s__Cetobacterium_A somerae
s__UBA1765 sp017631885
s__Trueperella abortisuis
s__UBA2364 sp002344075
s__JAFGXI01 sp020720565
s__AV80 sp003134765
s__Sporosarcina sp002743335
s__U87765 sp018131225
s__CAJPNX01 sp905372165
s__CAIODY01 sp903857255
s__CAIYBN01 sp903842345
s__Stercorousia sp900551675
s__CAINFC01 sp903847975
s__Streptococcus pluranimalium
s__Staphylococcus sp943908435
s__Rathayibacter caricis
s__Fusobacterium_A sp019012925
s__Syntrophosphaera sp002070045
s__Clostridium_J faecium
s__Ruoffia tabacinasalis
s__Dielma sp001305055
s__UBA10133 sp002789895
s__UBA7446 sp002470745
s__Oricola sp002706335
s__Rhizobium favelukesii
s__Paenibacillus sp900110055
s__Filomicrobium insigne
s__Limnohabitans sp945870575
s__Streptomyces uncialis
s__Lentimonas sp030729385
s__UMGS1370 sp900542035
s__Yoonia sp905182645
s__UBA2126 sp002730315
s__Eubacterium_R faecigallinarum
s__QAKD01 sp003343965
s__HGM10766 sp900757295
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp934203365
s__GWA1-52-35 sp001769805
s__VYFG01 sp009842505
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AF
s__Prevotella sp900553465
s__Curvibacter sp903828535
s__UBA12567 sp018663565
s__Limnohabitans sp903892175
s__UBA2645 sp945871805
s__WFVT01 sp015491485
s__SYDM01 sp005801485
s__UMGS882 sp900757905
s__Geobacillus icigianus
s__Pseudocolwellia sp030551755
s__Acetatifactor sp017400965
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249925
s__S5133MH16 sp019308685
s__Propionibacterium acidifaciens
s__Corynebacterium tuscaniense
s__Paramuribaculum sp014801865
s__CANJQH01 sp947476335
s__GCA-2721815 sp002721815
s__Rhizobium croatiense
s__UBA4248 sp945875805
s__HUN007 sp945876405
s__Lachnospira sp900547255
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_L
s__C7867-001 sp021836725
s__Rhodococcus wratislaviensis
s__BS503 sp023271515
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001974855
s__Rothia massiliensis
s__Acinetobacter tjernbergiae
s__Corynebacterium pygosceleis
s__JADMIL01 sp021799495
s__MB-PLM-2 sp003389215
s__CAG-873 sp910579605
s__Streptococcus sp004569635
s__CAG-873 sp900554265
s__MB-PLM-1 sp003388505
s__UMGS1590 sp900759105
s__JAMCVZ01 sp023476565
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002393895
s__Vibrio gallaecicus
s__UBA2705 sp002690045
s__CAG-977 sp900553035
s__Odoribacter faecigallinarum
s__Aulosira diplosiphon
s__UBA4372 sp945787235
s__JAJZNB01 sp021848085
s__Bacillus_AZ foraminis
s__RUG410 sp934271715
s__Mycobacterium algericum
s__UBA10677 sp900553005
s__Brocadia sp021463795
s__Peptoanaerobacter stomatis
s__GCA-2687515 sp002687515
s__Paracholeplasma manati
s__Gluconobacter_A sp014132155
s__JACNJU01 sp018662005
s__Mediterraneibacter stercorigallinarum
s__UMGS1572 sp900553045
s__Onthousia faecigallinarum
s__CAMREV01 sp947041945
s__BMS3Abin12 sp002897735
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_B
s__Caproicibacter sp002411365
s__Vibrio sp000287055
s__Flavobacterium inviolabile
s__Rheinheimera baltica
s__Coproplasma sp948482865
s__Streptomyces prasinus
s__Carnobacterium_A inhibens
s__Fimbriimonas sp025934835
s__Pseudohongiella sp002706685
s__Phenylobacterium aquaticum_B
s__Streptomyces thermoviolaceus
s__UBA1668 sp002702575
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021822485
s__Exiguobacterium_A undae
s__Chelonobacter sp006228005
s__Cryptobacteroides sp022777585
s__Exiguobacterium_A artemiae
s__UBA8437 sp002724315
s__UBA2207 sp002418885
s__Rhodococcus oxybenzonivorans
s__GAS188 sp019247605
s__Saccharofermentans sp017552455
s__Mycobacterium sp002013415
s__JALGVE01 sp029820045
s__CAKSCM01 sp934444365
s__UMGS973 sp016293805
s__Sodaliphilus sp002396085
s__Faecousia sp958436045
s__JAKAMH01 sp021813005
s__Nitrospirillum amazonense
s__TMED15 sp002714785
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp014239275
s__CAIWCR01 sp027310965
s__Phenylobacterium sp903860975
s__RUG563 sp934632155
s__GWF2-43-63 sp001769275
s__Brevibacterium linens
s__Anaerobiospirillum succiniciproducens
s__Providencia rettgeri_F
s__CAG-465 sp949106495
s__OMPR01 sp900313015
s__JAAYZB01 sp012515085
s__UBA6620 sp002433075
s__Rhodococcus gordoniae
s__D37C17 sp004124405
s__CAG-873 sp900548975
s__UBA1364 sp001029715
s__Bacillus_A sp002551815
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp945872165
s__JAHJHG01 sp018823885
s__UBA11891 sp009886755
s__Rhizomicrobium sp903902075
s__Corynebacterium otitidis
s__Streptomyces werraensis
s__Fimimonas sp017457305
s__Palsa-872 sp003139695
s__D2472 sp016779505
s__CG2-30-44-17 sp001873565
s__Gemmatimonas stuttgartiensis_A
s__UBA11791 sp002714255
s__Pacificitalea manganoxidans
s__UBA3818 sp017408855
s__Aridibacter sp003385635
s__UBA1181 sp015061185
s__Ruminococcus sp900315755
s__Ruminococcus_E sp003521625
s__UBA927 sp021817785
s__Fournierella massiliensis
s__Porphyromonas sp900539765
s__Suilimivivens sp947570615
s__Polynucleobacter sp947371415
s__Vreelandella sp002696125
s__Novosphingobium sp947375105
s__CAG-762 sp900551315
s__RUG754 sp902778565
s__UMGS263 sp900540535
s__Rhizomicrobium sp003139615
s__Mycobacterium colombiense
s__S012-90 sp015487305
s__Pelagibacter sp001438335
s__Ligilactobacillus aviarius
s__Duberdicusella sinuisediminis
s__Campylobacter_D novaezeelandiae
s__Agathobacter sp022767075
s__RGIG7089 sp934202735
s__Aquiluna sp002390305
s__Rifleibacterium sp024710355
s__SHVO01 sp947476065
s__XBB1006 sp016283755
s__UBA955 sp005798825
s__Thermodesulfovibrio yellowstonii
s__Streptococcus mitis_CA
s__F23-B02 sp004557075
s__CAIRNR01 sp903879985
s__UBA3946 sp002385755
s__RUG191 sp015057165
s__DUPQ01 sp012729955
s__Mediterraneibacter guildfordensis
s__Treponema_D sp002296965
s__Rhabdonatronobacter sediminivivens
s__Kozakia baliensis
s__Ottowia sp018240925
s__RUG572 sp016302985
s__Erythrobacter sp013002295
s__Micromonospora purpureochromogenes
s__UMGS1889 sp900556055
s__UBA11883 sp002714565
s__Succinatimonas sp905203285
s__QQVM01 sp003389385
s__Curtobacterium sp001864895
s__Streptomyces nigra
s__UBA10449 sp001917815
s__Polynucleobacter sp903944255
s__Bradyrhizobium septentrionale
s__Faecalibacterium sp900551435
s__Alistipes sp902388705
s__UBA12472 sp003487265
s__Mycobacterium septicum
s__Thiobacillus sp001897705
s__Algoriphagus marincola
s__UBA3792 sp900318765
s__BACL27 sp945871625
s__Protoclostridium sp910587025
s__Chromobacterium alkanivorans
s__MONJU sp024510845
s__Hominicoprocola sp900552375
s__Oceaniferula sp017857425
s__CAG-245 sp934119935
s__Gallimonas intestinigallinarum
s__Photobacterium arenosum
s__UBA11889 sp002708205
s__Suilimivivens sp021628825
s__Petrimonas mucosa
s__CAG-465 sp000433135
s__Treponema_D sp014804085
s__Terribacillus saccharophilus_B
s__Methylobacterium gregans
s__JAKARV01 sp021784675
s__Sphingobium sp017984895
s__Streptomyces poriferorum
s__CAIMPC01 sp018823705
s__Streptococcus mitis_CB
s__UBA2144 sp002328295
s__Chromohalobacter moromii
s__UBA4459 sp003648625
s__UBA965 sp947450095
s__Amylolactobacillus amylophilus
s__Collinsella sp027663555
s__Succinivibrio sp900548485
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus_C
s__UBA1100 sp002719595
s__JAMCYS01 sp023473795
s__Blattabacterium sp000334405
s__RF16 sp900321005
s__2-01-FULL-41-14 sp001767855
s__Limivicinus sp900316205
s__Avibacterium sp023611925
s__UBA6398 sp900555645
s__UBA1140 sp006212005
s__UBA1189 sp017622495
s__Lancefieldella sp024691995
s__28-YEA-48 sp903902915
s__Methylobacter_C sp903905335
s__UBA952 sp027483605
s__Roseovarius nitratireducens
s__UBA11358 sp021813325
s__Shewanella colwelliana
s__Methylobacterium aminovorans
s__Anaerovibrio sp017475925
s__UA16 sp002420235
s__Bin75 sp009842645
s__UBA2137 sp002695035
s__Alishewanella agri
s__Sulfurospirillum sp001602955
s__Conchiformibius steedae
s__CAILNN01 sp903835555
s__Daejeonella sp002257025
s__Mucispirillum faecigallinarum
s__Butyricimonas sp019423345
s__Pauljensenia cardiffensis
s__Prevotella sp017423565
s__PNKE01 sp003487005
s__Streptococcus australis_B
s__Lachnospira multipara
s__CAG-269 sp900554565
s__Oceanobacter sp030689025
s__Faecousia sp900762935
s__Geothrix odensensis
s__Streptococcus danieliae_A
s__UBA9040 sp002731665
s__Sediminibacterium sp002299885
s__Ligilactobacillus avistercoris
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp002716285
s__Ferruginibacter sp018268155
s__CAG-590 sp900552885
s__Mycobacterium brumae
s__UBA4334 sp002353575
s__Photobacterium sp900537155
s__Lacunisphaera sp903898675
s__CAIZGX01 sp947466425
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005882135
s__HGM11507 sp900761005
s__D2472 sp003284215
s__66-26 sp001897745
s__Senegalimassilia sp900550055
s__Stutzerimonas songnenensis
s__UBA10066 sp018663635
s__XBB2008 sp905234595
s__Petrimonas sp001898165
s__Collinsella sp959606035
s__Paenibacillus_B dendritiformis_A
s__Nitrogeniibacter halophilus
s__JAKBCS01 sp021807595
s__CG2-30-40-21 sp001873945
s__JAEDMO01 sp016302935
s__UMGS1994 sp948852945
s__Marinisoma sp002348725
s__Aminicenans sakinawicola
s__Acutalibacter sp000432995
s__Pseudooceanicola nitratireducens
s__Pseudonocardia oceani
s__Lactococcus garvieae_A
s__Collinsella sp905197585
s__CAG-533 sp900551105
s__Aeromonas bivalvium
s__UBA1221 sp900320675
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp001801425
s__AC2028 sp017964745
s__QWPN01 sp903919035
s__Microbacterium sp003289625
s__Acidovorax radicis
s__Aerococcus urinae_A
s__Arthrobacter_D agilis
s__Flavobacterium gawalongense
s__GBS-DC sp937934465
s__Streptomyces plumbidurans
s__Fusobacterium simiae
s__Actinomyces marmotae
s__Clostridium_AD estertheticum_C
s__Dongia mobilis_A
s__Proteus sp001722135
s__RUG756 sp900322115
s__Bartonella schoenbuchensis
s__Shewanella hanedai
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902778105
s__Acidipila rosea
s__Blautia sp900753905
s__JAKCCH01 sp021838945
s__Ornithobacterium hominis
s__Rhodothalassium salexigens
s__Amycolatopsis keratiniphila
s__UBA11650 sp022450395
s__Natronogracilivirga saccharolytica
s__UBA2985 sp002717805
s__Occallatibacter sp021836865
s__Lawsonibacter sp947650875
s__Vermiculatibacterium agrestimuris
s__Clostridium_B luticellarii
s__JdFR-78 sp002010665
s__Bulleidia sp905201565
s__Porcincola sp900318615
s__Prevotella maculosa
s__Blautia_A sp003477525
s__UBA1067 sp016303225
s__GRL18 sp025656775
s__Thermoactinomyces_A daqus
s__CAITUV01 sp903895725
s__CAJKWP01 sp905203645
s__BMS3Abin13 sp002897615
s__JADJKB01 sp023150915
s__Micromonospora echinospora_A
s__CAJXCL01 sp913051775
s__WGA-3G sp022823085
s__Syntrophosphaera sp012516855
s__CAG-475 sp934233745
s__Nocardioides_B sp025927955
s__Streptomyces sp002078175
s__Secundilactobacillus paracollinoides
s__GCA-2737125 sp009702725
s__Chordicoccus sp900319795
s__Faecisoma sp900753645
s__DYMH01 sp020721645
s__Egerieousia excrementavium
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BH
s__Rhodoluna sp009703845
s__Aldehydirespirator sp009843915
s__Gemmiger excrementavium
s__Brachyspira hampsonii_C
s__Clostridium_S felsineum
s__Faecousia sp022770345
s__UBA7374 sp002469895
s__UBA9662 sp002697225
s__Ga0077530 sp900117415
s__Pelagibacter sp902616245
s__UBA2922 sp900313925
s__Bacillus_A proteolyticus
s__Fimisoma sp900542295
s__Sphingobium sp022652485
s__Proteiniphilum sp012799155
s__Petralouisia sp910586005
s__UBA1786 sp902787555
s__Sedimentibacter sp028700795
s__Croceitalea sp013001145
s__Microbacterium sp017306305
s__Xenophilus sp903864295
s__Dyadobacter chenhuakuii
s__Bog-756 sp021801235
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903824665
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp005793215
s__PXAP01 sp007120695
s__Vibrio pomeroyi
s__Rhodopirellula baltica
s__Pelagibacter sp902596325
s__2-01-FULL-39-28 sp001795735
s__CAIMFV01 sp903840435
s__Rhodanobacter sp021783385
s__WH-5701 sp024345995
s__JAHIJO01 sp018898455
s__Streptomyces alboflavus
s__Pseudomonas_E antarctica_A
s__Acinetobacter pecorum
s__Lawsonibacter sp900766145
s__Rhodopila sp903918315
s__Rhizobium tropici_A
s__Brevundimonas sp002979535
s__Tener-01 sp001940985
s__IMCC9063 sp008638225
s__Aneurinibacillus aneurinilyticus
s__Pauljensenia sp902373435
s__RFXY01 sp009921385
s__Rhodovulum visakhapatnamense
s__JAJXXS01 sp021802555
s__Chloroflexus sp937951745
s__Vibrio fortis_A
s__Meridianimaribacter flavus
s__Enterobacter sp000493015
s__UBA6669 sp903862595
s__Pelagibacter sp902579105
s__C7867-001 sp021778295
s__UBA2882 sp900542015
s__Anaerostipes avistercoris
s__UMGS1491 sp900554335
s__UMGS1387 sp900551295
s__Xanthomarina gelatinilytica
s__VXMT01 sp009837285
s__UBA5619 sp003141195
s__Eubacterium_T sp905214225
s__GCA-2712005 sp002712005
s__Pseudomonas_E taetrolens
s__Merdivicinus intestinigallinarum
s__UBA737 sp900754145
s__UBA2160 sp030752795
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AL
s__Thiothrix moscowensis
s__Occallatibacter sp003139795
s__Sphingobium limneticum
s__UBA7748 sp900313905
s__Parachlamydia acanthamoebae
s__Snodgrassella sp945267035
s__HIMB59 sp902546975
s__Planktophila sp903845465
s__Rugosibacter sp002424865
s__RUG410 sp900313185
s__Frondihabitans sp001423105
s__Eubacterium_G sp948759685
s__Pseudomonas_E anatoliensis
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002729275
s__Acetatifactor sp900760705
s__28-YEA-48 sp947372795
s__CAILNX01 sp903835685
s__GCA-2685815 sp002685815
s__Lentilactobacillus diolivorans
s__Aquiluna sp016780945
s__Mycobacterium nivoides
s__UBA11650 sp002710215
s__Hominicoprocola sp900552015
s__Rhizobium yanglingense
s__BACL21 sp002384055
s__Eubacterium_Q sp900314445
s__Microbacterium sp900156455
s__UBA1550 sp021812665
s__WLRQ01 sp903918645
s__Prevotella sp900555035
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AM
s__Syntrophomonas methylbutyratica
s__Firm-16 sp002368805
s__Chlorobium sp903928225
s__Caccovivens sp900551855
s__Pauljensenia sp900541895
s__TMED25 sp002699615
s__Prevotella conceptionensis
s__Clostridium_AO tetanomorphum
s__Nitrosomonas oligotropha_A
s__Prevotella sp902769705
s__Prevotella sp902792855
s__Collinsella sp900543645
s__Occallatibacter sp021805025
s__Buttiauxella massiliensis
s__UBA4151 sp002696345
s__Streptococcus sp001072385
s__WO2-40-15 sp001819605
s__Limimorpha sp900542475
s__SURF-10 sp018896025
s__HTCC2207 sp018607525
s__Mycobacterium sp002946335
s__Povalibacter sp023423935
s__Pelagibacter sp943788075
s__Stagnihabitans sp903845215
s__Alistipes sp017465605
s__PXAH01 sp021735445
s__Flavobacterium macrobrachii
s__UBA9611 sp012959605
s__UBA974 sp012963975
s__Neoanaerotignum_A tabaqchaliae
s__TMED25 sp002168075
s__CAIYEO01 sp903839515
s__Treponema_D sp002393835
s__Serinicoccus marinus
s__Rhizobium lentis_A
s__SCTV01 sp943354385
s__Eubacterium_Q sp002349225
s__Enterococcus_D sp001297065
s__DTU052 sp001512495
s__Legionella moravica
s__ASP10-02a sp002312935
s__Fimbriimonas sp945882415
s__Acidithiobacillus ferruginosus
s__Chryseobacterium sp013153155
s__PALG01 sp002707025
s__CAG-1024 sp004554165
s__GWC2-37-13 sp002788805
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900313895
s__UBA7236 sp016718035
s__Phaeodactylibacter xiamenensis
s__Bacteroides avicola
s__Lautropia dentalis
s__Catenibacillus faecigallinarum
s__JAMCQK01 sp023382135
s__UBA5456 sp018433885
s__UBA7378 sp002689195
s__Geothrix sp903863195
s__Peribacillus sp002835675
s__UMGS755 sp900545185
s__Ornithospirochaeta stercoravium
s__Prevotella sp002353555
s__Streptococcus ratti
s__SYFN01 sp021737945
s__RS62 sp030441535
s__Olsenella_H sp905214865
s__RAAP-2 sp021790675
s__Rhodoferax_C sp016705575
s__Lacrimispora xylanolytica_C
s__Phocaeicola sp902388365
s__Roseburia_B sp022794015
s__Oribacterium sp900770445
s__MED-G13 sp902518355
s__Comamonas jiangduensis
s__Faeciplasma sp900760125
s__Ornithomonoglobus merdipullorum
s__UBA5456 sp023392795
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060395
s__Pseudocitrobacter faecalis
s__Polaromonas sp945860515
s__CAITZA01 sp903896745
s__JAKATT01 sp021818615
s__Ruegeria_B pomeroyi
s__Brevibacterium intestinavium
s__Rhizobium indicum
s__Peptoniphilus_A senegalensis
s__SKZA01 sp007136425
s__Merdicola sp900553015
s__SXYR01 sp005788265
s__Borkfalkia avistercoris
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp002403305
s__Thiomonas sp021783435
s__Parafannyhessea umbonata
s__Suipraeoptans intestinalis
s__Vibrio brasiliensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_G
s__Helicobacter pylori_CK
s__JAAXHH01 sp022821085
s__Sodaliphilus sp002353285
s__Egerieousia sp902769525
s__Nocardia puris
s__Neobittarella massiliensis
s__DTU022 sp001512835
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_C
s__RUG11867 sp948433885
s__DYMG01 sp020721655
s__UBA1351 sp002382805
s__Bipolaricaulis sp938084715
s__Streptomyces venezuelae_B
s__Microbacterium sp001984105
s__Planktomarina sp905182455
s__Sporofaciens sp947063855
s__CAIKAD01 sp903825315
s__CAIJMI01 sp903821745
s__Prevotella sp900319895
s__Desulfacyla sp011051075
s__CAITNM01 sp945903885
s__GWF2-33-9 sp021780815
s__JABJAG01 sp943787745
s__Anaerobiospirillum sp900543125
s__UBA2093 sp002331255
s__Shewanella insulae
s__Competibacter_A sp016713505
s__Tissierella carlieri
s__Leptospira_B licerasiae
s__Aphodocola sp900772415
s__Erwinia coffeiphila
s__Pseudoalteromonas neustonica
s__Veillonella sp022737715
s__Jonesia denitrificans
s__Pantoea borealis
s__Streptomyces decoyicus
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900548955
s__Thermosynechococcus sp938074695
s__Collinsella sp900540845
s__Brevibacillus centrosporus
s__CAIUEV01 sp903898335
s__JAFGUR01 sp017988045
s__Streptococcus halitosis
s__Alistipes sp017481925
s__SLTB01 sp007131295
s__Micromonospora carbonacea
s__Acidoferrum sp003225295
s__PUMT01 sp007125955
s__UBA1784 sp015061775
s__HIMB30 sp002705325
s__1XD8-76 sp910584915
s__Aminivibrio sp009929115
s__Acetatifactor sp947367855
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp004555625
s__BACL14 sp913058475
s__Variovorax paradoxus
s__Anaerostipes rhamnosivorans
s__Sphingobacterium cellulitidis
s__Collinsella sp900754745
s__Planococcus wigleyi
s__Acetatifactor sp910577035
s__Streptococcus mitis_CC
s__CANHGR01 sp947460875
s__Brevundimonas albigilva
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_L
s__GCA-002704185 sp003280495
s__Bin127 sp022819585
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp002450295
s__2-01-FULL-37-20 sp001784115
s__Finegoldia magna_J
s__JAJZAK01 sp021799485
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp016462245
s__Caloranaerobacter azorensis
s__RFOM01 sp903933385
s__2-01-FULL-40-13 sp001789695
s__JAJYDN01 sp021784845
s__Romboutsia_E sp900066495
s__TMED109 sp002684605
s__CAIMZW01 sp903846075
s__UBA10165 sp001816475
s__Curtobacterium sp003234795
s__Acinetobacter pollinis
s__Cronobacter universalis
s__Borreliella kurtenbachii
s__Alloprevotella sp017543785
s__Yoonia sp947495295
s__Vibrio casei
s__FB2012 sp900543145
s__Chloroflexus aurantiacus
s__UBA4334 sp902774005
s__Legionella_C quinlivanii
s__Wujia sp022174665
s__Veillonella sp900538355
s__JAHEFR01 sp937924335
s__TTA-H9 sp002418865
s__Vreelandella sp001651035
s__Psychrobacillus sp012843435
s__Vibrio gigantis
s__Collinsella sp900552735
s__JADKCZ01 sp021784495
s__Sphingobacterium thalpophilum
s__Aggregatibacter sp000466335
s__Corynebacterium wankanglinii
s__UBA3766 sp016285575
s__GCA-002719695 sp002697535
s__Aphodousia sp900546995
s__JACZWN01 sp022572105
s__Treponema_B putidum
s__UBA1551 sp001871075
s__DRMK01 sp015491735
s__UBA940 sp900768115
s__JAHILH01 sp018897195
s__Nanogingivalis sp900555945
s__Borkfalkia sp944368795
s__Anaeroplasma faecigallinarum
s__Porphyromonas asaccharolytica
s__Bradyrhizobium zhanjiangense
s__Pararheinheimera sp018820995
s__Defluviitalea_A raffinosedens
s__Faecalimonas sp900555395
s__Bacillus_O smithii
s__Nitrospira_A sp900696505
s__Rhodoluna sp947447385
s__Aphodosoma sp900771035
s__Avimuribaculum pullicola
s__Psychrobacter aquimaris
s__Suilimivivens sp900553305
s__Hydrogenophaga sp001770905
s__Streptococcus halitosis_A
s__Aerococcus viridans
s__Mannheimia granulomatis
s__Streptococcus orisratti
s__Aquimarina megaterium
s__Planobacterium taklimakanense
s__Barnesiella excrementavium
s__Laedolimicola sp002160825
s__Streptococcus mitis_AD
s__Neisseria bacilliformis
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005881335
s__CAG-791 sp902785055
s__GCA-2701925 sp002701925
s__UBA1565 sp002790095
s__BMS3Bbin05 sp002897855
s__Limnohabitans_A sp945897465
s__Saccharofermentans sp022484595
s__HGM12789 sp900766585
s__Chryseobacterium joostei
s__Gallimonas sp947088135
s__Bacteroides intestinipullorum
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903851045
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001547895
s__Scybalomonas sp900544525
s__Moraxella catarrhalis_C
s__Rhodanobacter glycinis
s__Geminocystis sp009993045
s__Lysinibacillus boronitolerans
s__Corynebacterium singulare
s__Rhizomicrobium sp028865545
s__Duganella vulcania_A
s__Anaerobacillus_A hwajinpoensis
s__JAKALQ01 sp021824095
s__UBA12077 sp001768235
s__Sphingomonas hankookensis_A
s__Multivorans sp009836625
s__Levilactobacillus namurensis_A
s__Limosilactobacillus antri
s__UBA3766 sp902765365
s__UBA11358 sp903827955
s__Lawsonibacter sp900550705
s__UBA3282 sp910578845
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000635015
s__JAJZXF01 sp021791755
s__Flavobacterium branchiophilum
s__Simonsiella muelleri
s__CAG-269 sp905203195
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002000165
s__Chlorobium sp903915955
s__Arthrobacter sp000374865
s__PWYM01 sp003567475
s__Scatosoma sp904419075
s__Lamprocystis sp903933125
s__Prevotella sp900320905
s__UBA866 sp904384225
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902801205
s__UBA2968 sp002727195
s__Acetobacter orleanensis
s__Pseudomonas_E monsensis
s__Acidocella sp021807465
s__Streptomyces viridosporus
s__Alloprevotella sp004558535
s__PUML01 sp007129255
s__MGBC105563 sp910579165
s__JAMLJG01 sp023953695
s__RAAP-2 sp021841725
s__JAADHP01 sp011321725
s__Sphingomonas carotinifaciens
s__Robinsoniella sp900555455
s__Rhizomicrobium sp903897605
s__Zwartia sp903958565
s__CALMHE01 sp019136175
s__Rickettsia asembonensis
s__Mediterraneibacter surreyensis
s__W1P20-047 sp004555335
s__Piscinibacter sp017983795
s__Limnohabitans sp903887325
s__Scatomorpha stercorigallinarum
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp903873565
s__Nitrospira_A sp003456605
s__UBA7888 sp002500505
s__Achromobacter deleyi
s__UBA11490 sp016297915
s__SIG200 sp947642635
s__Rivularia sp012033205
s__Anaerobacillus_A hwajinpoensis_B
s__UBA12409 sp000991575
s__Palsa-1447 sp903862935
s__Udaeobacter sp003217895
s__Oxalobacter sp905202055
s__Lepagella sp900556595
s__JAHKAP01 sp018825985
s__JAHJHM01 sp018823915
s__SAR86A sp902547695
s__Cellvibrio sp000263355
s__JAGPMH01 sp018052945
s__Martelella mediterranea
s__Pseudoalteromonas spongiae
s__1-14-0-20-39-49 sp027620075
s__Kitasatospora cineracea
s__Sulfurimicrobium sp030652035
s__Aeromonas simiae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp002026005
s__Aphodocola sp934162425
s__RAAP-2 sp903860745
s__GCA-002841655 sp002070735
s__Polynucleobacter sp947450225
s__Agathobacter sp945868435
s__Enterousia sp900546225
s__Bifidobacterium choerinum
s__UBA6016 sp022729705
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AT
s__WLXB01 sp018666155
s__Hominimerdicola sp900314975
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902779765
s__Paracoccus sp000518925
s__CAIQDX01 sp903870685
s__Lientehia caecorum
s__M30B53 sp016779265
s__Avibacteroides avistercoris
s__Agathobacter sp900316805
s__S5-A14a sp022766365
s__JADFNO01 sp022563315
s__Coprousia sp002159335
s__Actinomyces massiliensis
s__Winogradskyella sp013003655
s__JAMLHW01 sp023954475
s__JAMCPX01 sp023382265
s__Stercorousia sp934717855
s__Nitrosococcus oceani
s__Streptococcus mitis_CD
s__RUG191 sp905234245
s__CAJQGY01 sp905478015
s__Mycobacterium syngnathidarum
s__Ehrlichia canis
s__Limnohabitans sp009923505
s__Paenirhodobacter populi
s__JAAYFZ01 sp028695145
s__Thiodubiliella sp001875585
s__SXXZ01 sp945898055
s__Brevibacillus sp013284355
s__UMGS1490 sp900552245
s__Bartonella_A sp945285915
s__Casp-alpha2 sp002686255
s__2-02-FULL-39-13 sp002782365
s__REEB76 sp018971605
s__JAJZWH01 sp021800155
s__Erysipelothrix anatis
s__Frankia umida
s__Cetobacterium_A sp000799075
s__Methylobacter_C sp903918335
s__Leadbetterella sp016722655
s__Mycobacterium sp001667275
s__UBA737 sp900547305
s__Caccovicinus excrementipullorum
s__Gemmiger faecavium
s__Corynebacterium mastitidis
s__B23-G16 sp003647435
s__CAG-269 sp900556865
s__Sphingomonas sp002280555
s__Caccoplasma_A merdipullorum
s__Sulfitobacter sp001634885
s__UBA6777 sp002731275
s__IGN2 sp013042995
s__Klebsiella sp013705725
s__Neoehrlichia mikurensis
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp022771185
s__CAJWBT01 sp030753265
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948571325
s__Peptostreptococcus sp000758885
s__Limnohabitans_A sp017848645
s__Enterococcus_E cecorum_A
s__Levilactobacillus parabrevis
s__Desulfobacillus sp008933825
s__Propionivibrio aalborgensis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018130065
s__UBA3663 sp900319235
s__MWEI01 sp002071045
s__JABMPR01 sp018650445
s__Spyradenecus faecavium
s__Legionella_A septentrionalis
s__Anaerotardibacter sp958409415
s__Glutamicibacter halophytocola
s__Proteiniphilum sp002398565
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AN
s__JACPRY01 sp020028455
s__UBA9339 sp021781615
s__Vescimonas sp902388735
s__CANJXF01 sp947478865
s__CAINWE01 sp947447665
s__Winogradskyella undariae
s__Acetatifactor sp017527205
s__Luminiphilus sp002389505
s__Micromonospora haikouensis
s__Coprousia sp002159765
s__Mycobacterium setense
s__Eubacterium_B infirmum
s__GCA-002733185 sp943842625
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_B
s__Xenorhabdus stockiae
s__GCA-002721295 sp002937995
s__FB2012 sp900752625
s__CALXWF01 sp944391355
s__Occallatibacter sp021841795
s__UBA5456 sp020532515
s__Mycobacterium gilvum
s__Occallatibacter sp030040655
s__28-YEA-48 sp947370975
s__JAKAHU01 sp021825385
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900552855
s__Petralouisia sp948688495
s__Mitsuaria sp900113225
s__Deinococcus metallilatus
s__Porphyromonas_A bennonis
s__Sodaliphilus sp900320245
s__Caccenecus avistercoris
s__UBA9786 sp003518745
s__JAAYBY01 sp012511525
s__Alloprevotella tannerae_A
s__Scatosoma sp934871445
s__PALSA-747 sp903932695
s__Gallacutalibacter_A stercoravium
s__FEN-1191 sp020029535
s__OLB10 sp016699635
s__JAKAQB01 sp021811865
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp003158745
s__Nocardia sputi
s__Heritagella sp022767925
s__JABDMD01 sp013001685
s__Exilispira sp012517545
s__Afifella marina
s__Streptomyces rapamycinicus
s__Pseudomonas_E kitaguniensis
s__JAJZWH01 sp021848145
s__Planktophila sp903890345
s__UBA11657 sp002377585
s__SFJ001 sp934513685
s__Helicobacter_B canis
s__HGM11525 sp900770405
s__Legionella_A oakridgensis
s__RGIG9608 sp017547145
s__Coproplasma excrementigallinarum
s__CAG-390 sp902803255
s__Legionella bozemanae
s__UMGS1781 sp004554705
s__32-111 sp001508335
s__Phocaeicola sp900544675
s__V9D3004 sp948472945
s__Rhodoluna sp947378555
s__Tardiphaga robiniae
s__Faecalibacterium sp934514285
s__Enterocloster sp900549235
s__Selenomonas_C sp902780535
s__Methylumidiphilus sp903934875
s__Nocardioides marmotae
s__Anaerococcus sp900541365
s__Actinobaculum suis
s__JAGOOP01 sp017992455
s__UBA1711 sp900316055
s__Oxalobacter paeniformigenes
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947367795
s__Vibrio proteolyticus
s__Parolsenella sp900543875
s__UBA12465 sp021806615
s__RAAP-2 sp021848365
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp002711735
s__Streptomyces sudanensis
s__Diplocloster agilis
s__AcAMD-2 sp903920865
s__T1SED10-28 sp003554105
s__RUG420 sp017433225
s__WLQV01 sp009697555
s__ELB16-189 sp020402945
s__BAIKAL-G1 sp903855705
s__Sutterella sp900545275
s__Fimimorpha faecalis
s__Butyricimonas faecavium
s__MWDD01 sp002070375
s__JAJXZI01 sp021780115
s__Coprenecus sp900550465
s__CACZYB01 sp017938435
s__Sediminibacterium magnilacihabitans
s__Bacillus tequilensis
s__Dokdonella_A sp014338185
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp022808855
s__Deinococcus ficus
s__BACL14 sp016778465
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030039195
s__Chlorobium sp903929845
s__CABJBCQ01 sp903951595
s__Fen-1231 sp903910555
s__Loktanella salsilacus
s__Neisseria sp000227275
s__Bin55 sp028819195
s__Prevotella sp905198745
s__Polynucleobacter sp947380285
s__GCA-2709665 sp002709665
s__AF33-28 sp003477885
s__Pelagibacter sp902597895
s__Aeromonas popoffii
s__Xenorhabdus griffiniae
s__Prevotella sp900552965
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp943789005
s__UBA3567 sp002376045
s__Chloroflexus sp017743535
s__Prevotella sp900318855
s__Rhizobium sp000282035
s__Multivorans sp022823665
s__Sediminibacterium sp947452905
s__Ga0077523 sp020248405
s__Alicyclobacillus mali
s__Prevotella sp902777645
s__Borreliella turdi
s__UBA1367 sp902779675
s__UBA11361 sp001919995
s__Butyribacter sp948794795
s__CG2-30-36-11 sp001871575
s__Aquimarina sp900312745
s__JADKIH01 sp016708785
s__Deinococcus grandis
s__Dialister sp900557365
s__Actinoplanes campanulatus
s__UBA6772 sp028110365
s__Aquabacterium sp017989885
s__VAZQ01 sp019237215
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021813525
s__Apilactobacillus zhangqiuensis
s__MWEM01 sp012744415
s__Fimenecus sp900766945
s__Salipiger aestuarii
s__Succinivibrio sp900552905
s__Chromohalobacter canadensis
s__Oribacterium sp002449915
s__Palsa-1233 sp016704275
s__GCA-002733185 sp018669795
s__CAIOGM01 sp903929485
s__UBA2033 sp016708435
s__Mannheimia pernigra
s__Arthrobacter_B sp024385525
s__Scybalousia intestinigallinarum
s__Ruminococcus sp017543335
s__UBA3006 sp001438985
s__Roseovarius confluentis
s__Winogradskyella sp905480385
s__Tindallia sp007134225
s__UBA12042 sp001002325
s__CAIOHZ01 sp903858165
s__Alterinioella nitratireducens
s__Competibacter_A denitrificans
s__Enterococcus_A hulanensis
s__BOG-933 sp903920145
s__2-02-FULL-38-15-A sp001797335
s__Companilactobacillus kimchii
s__Corynebacterium nuruki
s__CAG-510 sp910577105
s__UMGS1279 sp900761625
s__Bacillus_P idriensis
s__HIMB100 sp002700485
s__2-02-FULL-40-12 sp001824375
s__Gemella asaccharolytica
s__Nocardioides simplex
s__Palsa-1315 sp945905765
s__Porphyromonas uenonis
s__UBA2804 sp902782145
s__Acidocella sp003164135
s__Listeria farberi
s__GCA-2707915 sp902620785
s__CAJBMK01 sp903954165
s__Aristaeella sp900322155
s__Bact-11 sp017509755
s__Anaeroglobus massiliensis
s__Collinsella sp905215095
s__Methylobacterium sp001423295
s__MGBC100798 sp910577845
s__UBA11524 sp947565865
s__Limimorpha sp902800965
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp022448705
s__Coprenecus sp900544175
s__CAJBBX01 sp903885605
s__Paraburkholderia sp003002025
s__Streptococcus oralis_AC
s__Alistipes sp017399485
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp021298455
s__FEN-1297 sp021815405
s__Parolsenella massiliensis
s__JAIOZK01 sp021738625
s__UBA5026 sp910586425
s__Parolsenella sp900544655
s__JdFR-88 sp002011795
s__CAG-269 sp900552555
s__Rahnella rivi
s__Bartonella_A sp016100455
s__RUG410 sp934254675
s__PSRF01 sp002427845
s__JAJYDN01 sp021795715
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp913775715
s__UBA11452 sp934661375
s__Sediminibacterium sp023229465
s__Fibrobacter sp900141705
s__Phocaeicola sp900553185
s__Sphingomonas sp000797515
s__TMED14 sp021298655
s__Gimesia sp022600195
s__JAKAMI01 sp021812945
s__Bog-756 sp903894295
s__Rhodoferax sp030653815
s__URXU01 sp900552005
s__GWB1-37-8 sp903872785
s__Amycolatopsis thermalba
s__SZUA-584 sp023391105
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018130145
s__Nonlabens tegetincola
s__Planktophila sp009698675
s__Novosphingobium subterraneum
s__Rhodopila sp947475245
s__CAG-793 sp013333395
s__Apibacter sp945280365
s__Brevibacillus_B laterosporus_D
s__Kaistella haifensis
s__Faecousia sp016296045
s__CAG-170 sp934646005
s__Lawsonibacter sp910575265
s__UM-FILTER-41-21 sp002782865
s__Caccousia avicola
s__Catenibacterium sp900764725
s__Lawsonella clevelandensis_A
s__Bin94 sp009841165
s__Cupriavidus oxalaticus
s__SLFT01 sp007118765
s__Atlantibacter sp002358165
s__Aristaeella sp900315675
s__Scatomorpha sp002427465
s__UBA3015 sp945866245
s__CAKNOI01 sp930990125
s__PTKB01 sp913053235
s__UBA9320 sp943787465
s__UBA952 sp018665005
s__Caccoplasma sp900547555
s__Anaerospora sp002337925
s__UBA9926 sp018645765
s__DTU049 sp018432645
s__JAJYZP01 sp021799875
s__MS024-2A sp017851655
s__JJ008 sp005791465
s__Roseinatronobacter sp003561595
s__JARDZU01 sp025928935
s__Streptococcus sp902729355
s__Hominilimicola sp910585485
s__Onthousia faecavium
s__Saccharimonas sp021781475
s__Anaerofustis stercorihominis
s__Prevotella sp902801155
s__Limadaptatus sp900553825
s__HGM11616 sp900761075
s__Pseudomonas_E kielensis
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_J
s__Palsa-343 sp030038115
s__CAIJMQ01 sp018812925
s__HTCC2207 sp002469845
s__Sporosarcina ureae_B
s__CAIPTY01 sp021780495
s__Deinococcus gobiensis
s__Ventrenecus stercoripullorum
s__S36-B12 sp010029945
s__Pseudomonas_E defluvii
s__Fimimonas sp017409765
s__Fannyhessea massiliensis
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans_A
s__RF16 sp900318245
s__Rhodoluna sp903887175
s__Proteiniclasticum ruminis
s__JAJYYI01 sp021801125
s__CALXOJ01 sp944390005
s__Veillonella sp934216375
s__Ventrenecus avicola
s__Streptomyces sp018614155
s__Thiomonas sp021805825
s__JABJFC01 sp018662925
s__Spyradenecus sp017558005
s__CAKOMG01 sp934096585
s__UMGS1696 sp900763885
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_C
s__Streptomyces sp900091315
s__Pseudohongiella sp943330915
s__Howiella intestinavium
s__Flavipsychrobacter stenotrophus_B
s__CAIWXX01 sp903916735
s__CAIYZT01 sp903930735
s__JAGRBY01 sp020634855
s__Mycobacterium koreense
s__CAIXPF01 sp947476745
s__Phocaeicola paurosaccharolyticus
s__Mameliella sp030733205
s__Thiodubiliella sp900180345
s__Neorhizobium sp023416545
s__UM-FILTER-47-13 sp012960155
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp005799475
s__Lawsonibacter sp900754605
s__Pseudomonas_E yangonensis
s__DUBZ01 sp012960035
s__UBA2821 sp014799465
s__Butyribacter sp003612285
s__Rodentibacter ratti
s__CAIYEO01 sp903900685
s__Lactobacillus pullistercoris
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp027458945
s__Endomicrobium_A sp025998475
s__Roseofilum reptotaenium
s__Janthinobacterium lividum_E
s__Hominilimicola sp910579415
s__JAJYQQ01 sp021794535
s__Pelethomonas sp017887695
s__UBA4951 sp002440125
s__Limiplasma sp023411375
s__Massilibacteroides sp028708075
s__RDZH01 sp004293935
s__TMED23 sp913041095
s__SYFT01 sp005799825
s__Acinetobacter lactucae_A
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005881275
s__UBA2108 sp002713215
s__RF16 sp002372135
s__Collinsella sp900547025
s__JACZQN01 sp022545705
s__CAIYJE01 sp903926465
s__Pseudomonas_E baetica
s__Photorhabdus heterorhabditis
s__UBA6414 sp934130545
s__Prevotella sp900319305
s__CAIUQR01 sp903901335
s__CAJAQL01 sp027424065
s__UBA6055 sp022820125
s__CAKQOE01 sp934255545
s__Mycobacterium kumamotonense
s__MED-G52 sp902602765
s__Anaerosporobacter sp018372435
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900551155
s__Albidovulum sp020637675
s__UBA737 sp002371985
s__Prevotella sp022771265
s__JAGOWQ01 sp018060185
s__Bacillus sp018613535
s__Ga0077553 sp947470805
s__NP936 sp002726085
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaliphila
s__Psychrobacillus faecigallinarum
s__Flavobacterium plurextorum
s__Caccosoma sp900754115
s__Planktophila sp009705025
s__Prevotella sp002372575
s__UBA1181 sp002310215
s__SG8-38 sp947258625
s__UBA2125 sp004124465
s__GCA-2716345 sp902587125
s__AAA044-D11 sp009705075
s__Pectobacterium polonicum
s__UBA2966 sp002348365
s__JABMPJ01 sp030745755
s__Fimivicinus intestinavium
s__CAG-1000 sp900772435
s__Staphylococcus lloydii
s__TMED-70 sp002171675
s__Dyella sp012275375
s__Fibrobacter sp001603905
s__Streptococcus suis_U
s__NK4A144 sp000621405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900313205
s__Phyllobacterium endophyticum
s__Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus
s__Akkermansia sp017937215
s__CAIMOR01 sp903843125
s__SXXZ01 sp027490985
s__Microbacterium testaceum_B
s__Prosthecochloris vibrioformis
s__Aquabacterium parvum
s__Gordonia sp002477755
s__UBA2163 sp002327585
s__Polaribacter_A sp943788865
s__Enteromonas sp900767825
s__Caccovivens sp900768545
s__UBA629 sp029100405
s__TMED48 sp002339165
s__Blautia_A sp905209435
s__Mediterraneibacter tabaqchaliae
s__Domibacillus aminovorans
s__Bifidobacterium sp003585845
s__Bacillus pumilus_P
s__Pseudohongiella sp002354805
s__Pseudomonas_E khavaziana
s__UBA2993 sp002721705
s__RH-chloro-G1 sp003670575
s__Hyphomonas sp002414505
s__Maribacter stanieri
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002438845
s__Gordonibacter massiliensis
s__Mesorhizobium lusatiense
s__Blautia_A avistercoris
s__Collinsella sp900550815
s__CSSED11-315 sp003561715
s__Faecimonas gallistercoris
s__Bowdeniella massiliensis
s__UBA8437 sp003445035
s__Schlesneria sp903871875
s__CAIOAK01 sp903904005
s__JAAYFO01 sp028691695
s__Brevibacterium paucivorans
s__D2472 sp902595065
s__CAJMBK01 sp905211645
s__Shinella sedimenti
s__Pseudodesulfuromonas thiophila
s__Sedimentimonas flavescens
s__Pelagibacter sp902633965
s__Dysosmobacter sp018228705
s__Methylosinus sp000685825
s__Planktophila versatilis
s__Sodaliphilus sp934667475
s__Paenibacillus sp000758545
s__JAMWDI01 sp023819545
s__Listeria_A grandensis
s__CG2-30-36-39 sp001873435
s__UBA1398 sp002305165
s__CAIVRH01 sp903908285
s__JACDDX01 sp025928645
s__Faecousia sp029257715
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900318015
s__JAAYYF01 sp023954415
s__UBA6987 sp902789555
s__Faecousia excrementigallinarum
s__UBA2918 sp017427065
s__Peptidiphaga gingivicola
s__Pseudomonas_E paralactis
s__ER46 sp009695065
s__Ruthenibacterium sp905212515
s__Butyricicoccus sp017886875
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp002279285
s__Mesorhizobium loti_D
s__JACZXR01 sp022571535
s__Qipengyuania sp016764075
s__HTCC2207 sp937911225
s__VXYL01 sp009846005
s__HGM04593 sp017416705
s__Sulfobacillus_B sp021798975
s__CAKOQQ01 sp934101425
s__Avelusimicrobium sp002432025
s__QNFN01 sp009937385
s__UBA6176 sp903880005
s__Cryptobacteroides sp004555145
s__Collinsella sp905202925
s__GCA-2721545 sp003230615
s__Cellulomonas wangleii
s__RUG11977 sp016285135
s__Alloprevotella sp900317635
s__SYAC01 sp945871915
s__Butyribacter sp949346185
s__Prevotella sp902771445
s__D2472 sp905181595
s__Escherichia whittamii
s__Bullifex porci
s__Palsa-147 sp003152355
s__Aquimarina latercula
s__Prevotella sp902767045
s__B5-G15 sp003645825
s__JAKAZS01 sp021785395
s__Paraburkholderia mimosarum
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003097135
s__JAJXXL01 sp021781115
s__JAAXGI01 sp012267505
s__Desulfobacillus sp905339315
s__SL1-B47 sp018434945
s__JAJZYO01 sp021787035
s__ER46 sp903900845
s__Corynebacterium phoceense_A
s__CAG-269 sp904384205
s__Rubrivivax sp020248915
s__Rothia amarae
s__SSSZ01 sp016720065
s__Gordonia desulfuricans
s__Collinsella sp003465485
s__JALCQR01 sp022651385
s__Oceanibaculum sp018823745
s__SXYR01 sp947481355
s__Pseudomonas_E sp010095445
s__Flectobacillus roseus
s__SXHM01 sp947479755
s__Ottowia sp017307865
s__Synechococcus_C sp002693285
s__JACRCG01 sp001802125
s__Lacticaseibacillus saniviri
s__YC12-FULL-57-11 sp943357025
s__UBA7451 sp002457275
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp015487015
s__Gleimia sp023389315
s__Nanosynbacter sp005697215
s__Prevotella sp017479675
s__Rhizobium mongolense
s__DYRC01 sp020718925
s__UBA6929 sp002448815
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_P
s__Anaerotignum sp004557645
s__M0103 sp947491305
s__Avilachnospira sp944383265
s__Flavobacterium nitrogenifigens
s__UBA11712 sp001784875
s__Acetatifactor sp945621435
s__Aequoribacter fuscus
s__Phytoplasma pruni
s__Serratia_J sp017832355
s__UBA1685 sp900546845
s__Olleya marilimosa
s__RF16 sp900319005
s__PXDC01 sp007130045
s__Neoclostridium sp900761165
s__JAJZUP01 sp021848465
s__VXRD01 sp022821275
s__Hyphomonas sp018827375
s__Ignavigranum ruoffiae
s__CAJTWN01 sp910580105
s__Shewanella decolorationis
s__Mxb001 sp903848435
s__Enterococcus_F saccharolyticus
s__UBA6857 sp002438505
s__OLB17 sp015075585
s__JADHLI01 sp022425485
s__AG41 sp003222085
s__F1-140-MAGs142 sp005790565
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902762655
s__Neorhizobium sp023006505
s__Bifidobacterium minimum
s__CALEWY01 sp938008925
s__Nitrospira_D sp029865225
s__RUG11783 sp902772615
s__UBA1217 sp902793295
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp002683655
s__RUG806 sp016297645
s__Sulfuricella sp021801705
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024494355
s__Devosia_A sp001899065
s__Tous-C4FEB sp903919985
s__Catonella massiliensis
s__Rhodoglobus sp001725325
s__Aureimonas ureilytica_A
s__Helicobacter_E suis_A
s__JADJYJ01 sp016719785
s__Peptacetobacter sp900550335
s__UBA4372 sp900770805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002018875
s__Prevotella sp902799905
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp002705485
s__Marinomonas communis
s__Ferruginibacter sp947447485
s__GCA-2737125 sp945900705
s__JAJYPS01 sp021795215
s__Canicola haemoglobinophilus
s__B1SED10-74M sp007128625
s__Collinsella sp900556675
s__Formosimonas sp017495165
s__Rhodoluna sp903935175
s__Reyranella massiliensis_B
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_S
s__UBA9619 sp002718155
s__JACWAO01 sp021839365
s__SHZI01 sp945872065
s__CALVVX01 sp944359705
s__MS024-2A sp017852075
s__Pararoseburia sp022768745
s__Psychrobacter proteolyticus_A
s__Occallatibacter sp021818105
s__Pseudothermotoga_A hypogea
s__Palauibacter soopunensis
s__WFWG01 sp015491235
s__20CM-4-69-16 sp001919865
s__Campylobacter_B gracilis
s__Actibacterium_A naphthalenivorans
s__UBA1731 sp934667425
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910579205
s__JAJZVW01 sp021847015
s__UBA6176 sp903925515
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp017557435
s__Sphaerochaeta sp009930195
s__Mobilitalea luporum
s__Treponema_D sp902783155
s__UBA7185 sp017622155
s__Parabacteroides timonensis
s__Paremcibacter sp011051815
s__UBA8389 sp021373135
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947475445
s__Vibrio cyclitrophicus_A
s__Rahnella laticis
s__UBA1195 sp002309855
s__Streptomyces niveus
s__Onthocola_B sp944331865
s__UBA4720 sp003134685
s__Borreliella yangtzensis
s__Malacoplasma_A sp902791895
s__Lachnospira multipara_A
s__Oxalobacter sp934270705
s__RF16 sp002392745
s__UBA4877 sp002399345
s__Francisella hispaniensis
s__Dysgonomonas gadei
s__Mycobacterium malmoense
s__CAMAWM01 sp945861965
s__RGIG3102 sp934526065
s__SKNL01 sp007127695
s__Rhizobium ecuadorense
s__Azospirillum oryzae
s__Alitiscatomonas sp910575275
s__GCA-2704625 sp003209895
s__Alterileibacterium sp902488835
s__GWB2-47-37 sp001803635
s__JAHDQW01 sp028690485
s__UBA2804 sp902761645
s__Saccharimonas sp905371715
s__Pseudomonas sp024259745
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019955895
s__Treponema_D sp014804005
s__Fibrobacter elongatus
s__Streptococcus mitis_N
s__Thermosulfurimonas_A sp015494725
s__Polaromonas sp947450675
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944323535
s__UBA2093 sp947447175
s__Synoicihabitans sp023386835
s__Propionibacterium australiense
s__Legionella cherrii
s__Streptococcus suis_X
s__GCA-2716065 sp943788115
s__Pelagibacterium sp002723255
s__RGIG7150 sp016285515
s__Thermodesulfobium sp021783475
s__CAITPF01 sp903894155
s__UBA966 sp002737585
s__Acinetobacter bohemicus
s__Roseinatronobacter bogoriensis
s__Polaribacter sp913061165
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318645
s__Sphingomonas sp001897375
s__B137-G9 sp021734245
s__Kaistella sp001898255
s__CAG-475 sp900550855
s__Nocardioides allogilvus
s__Selenomonas sp905372355
s__Pirellula_B sp903820735
s__Mycoavidus cysteinexigens
s__Streptomyces sp001905595
s__Clostridium sp023399035
s__Dysosmobacter sp022795445
s__Streptococcus suis_F
s__Kaistella carnis
s__Aquiluna sp028095925
s__VMEV01 sp007375725
s__Fibrobacter sp017642335
s__Collinsella sp900542315
s__Croceibacterium sp002279825
s__Bilifractor sp900318755
s__UMGS1781 sp947384775
s__Sodaliphilus sp017477555
s__Glutamicibacter sp002979865
s__JAJZQI01 sp021847305
s__QANA01 sp900554725
s__MnTg04 sp008975185
s__Balnearium lithotrophicum
s__Prevotella sp946998295
s__Psychrobacter sp003530515
s__CAG-1000 sp004560915
s__Nesterenkonia sp022565915
s__Accumulibacter contiguus
s__UBA738 sp902768805
s__Rossellomorea aquimaris_D
s__Bullifex sp944393005
s__MVZB01 sp002068205
s__Alistipes sp900769745
s__Sodalinema sp007126595
s__MGBC162888 sp910588255
s__WO2-54-10 sp001820725
s__UBA1754 sp015061145
s__BMS3Bbin07 sp011051565
s__Alloprevotella sp945787885
s__UBA2991 sp002346645
s__JAHJMO01 sp018821245
s__Planktophila sp009699165
s__Micromonospora solifontis
s__UBA9145 sp002727755
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902509805
s__Tyzzerella sp018371275
s__Maribacter_B sp947498505
s__HTCC2207 sp002685715
s__MED-G78 sp902509965
s__Bacillus_P indicus
s__Luteimonas_D sp002324875
s__Macrococcus_B epidermidis
s__Lepagella sp900761855
s__M30B53 sp018401745
s__Collinsella sp900754445
s__RGIG8482 sp904381285
s__CANKHJ01 sp947481635
s__CASICS01 sp902635045
s__Planktophila sp009699645
s__Borkfalkia sp017886545
s__UMGS1518 sp900552575
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp903827085
s__Poriferisocius sp026708015
s__UBA5536 sp018830105
s__Coproplasma excrementavium
s__UBA4844 sp028683995
s__Enterousia sp017502865
s__UMGS1224 sp949292425
s__RUG14121 sp934129945
s__Aphodocola sp900766325
s__Roseiflexus sp937935075
s__Pseudomonas_E lalucatii
s__DTU067 sp001512995
s__Amylibacter sp003447515
s__UBA4951 sp900321485
s__MS499-59 sp025997475
s__Nocardiopsis prasina
s__Sulfobacillus_B sp021806205
s__Fibrobacter sp002210285
s__Scandinavium goeteborgense
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp022965755
s__CAKUEI01 sp022793685
s__Streptococcus halitosis_B
s__CAG-791 sp902789735
s__Zag111 sp002438405
s__RUG521 sp017516045
s__Gemmiger sp900556255
s__Sulfurimonas sp001829675
s__Vampirovibrio chlorellavorus_D
s__Sphingomonas sp003075315
s__Rhodoferax sp007280205
s__Shewanella marisflavi
s__QAKW01 sp003343605
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp021812385
s__HTCC2207 sp002334915
s__Collinsella sp900544205
s__Faecousia faecigallinarum
s__RF16 sp002354055
s__CAIMUM01 sp903929005
s__Mediterraneibacter sp900553885
s__GRL18 sp015488755
s__RUG762 sp900316455
s__EC70 sp002684575
s__Acidocella sp018971905
s__Bradyrhizobium cajani
s__Leisingera sp004123675
s__Alloprevotella sp017446765
s__Lonepinella koalarum
s__Syntrophosphaera sp002379855
s__Criibacterium bergeronii
s__Enterococcus_C stercoravium
s__RUG369 sp004556055
s__TA22 sp013009075
s__Bradyrhizobium ivorense
s__Arcticimaribacter forsetii
s__Collinsella sp900551205
s__Ferruginibacter pinensis_A
s__JAFKFJ01 sp021826485
s__Yersinia artesiana
s__Chryseobacterium flavum
s__MS024-2A sp002457295
s__Anaerococcus prevotii
s__JACRIB01 sp943357285
s__CAG-873 sp004554255
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280935
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp949742505
s__RGIG9060 sp017936665
s__SAR86A sp002169625
s__Microbacterium testaceum_E
s__JAMDEL01 sp021825655
s__Alistipes sp910586375
s__Protoclostridium sp900555875
s__UBA10181 sp001784285
s__Parasutterella sp900766055
s__Avibacterium avium
s__Slackia sp900555495
s__Treponema_D bryantii_D
s__Bacillus_A mycoides_B
s__Cupriavidus pinatubonensis
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp905478035
s__AAA044-D11 sp903919375
s__Acidaminococcus fermentans_A
s__Tenacibaculum sp028823685
s__Deinococcus actinosclerus
s__Tenderia sp945787785
s__AL-N1 sp013122435
s__JAJYQH01 sp021781735
s__HIMB59 sp902555695
s__Bact-08 sp018433265
s__EC70 sp014239335
s__MGBC119817 sp910585335
s__SOIV01 sp004377005
s__Acholeplasma oculi
s__Pseudomonas_E costantinii
s__Mariprofundus sp002791575
s__Paraconexibacter sp902806205
s__MGBC124762 sp900554075
s__Collinsella sp900549275
s__Fimenecus sp002490525
s__Qipengyuania sp001542855
s__Sphingomonas sp913776045
s__Prevotella sp900546345
s__CAJUPY01 sp014802535
s__Yoonia sp018402175
s__AG-12 sp013044295
s__JAKACF01 sp021797795
s__Agrobacterium sp014851585
s__Lacunisphaera sp945861645
s__Wujia sp002431865
s__Sideroxyarcus sp021783525
s__Mediterraneibacter pullicola
s__Gallibacterium sp000771875
s__Methylumidiphilus sp903859815
s__Pseudomonas_E mercuritolerans
s__Lancefieldella parvula
s__Synechococcus_B sp022826155
s__Caldimonas manganoxidans
s__JAPPPQ01 sp028817435
s__UBA1181 sp017550335
s__Leadbetterella sp002256295
s__Bifidobacterium mizhiense
s__Malacoplasma iowae
s__JABGUH01 sp018646675
s__AV40 sp003219215
s__Gluconobacter roseus
s__VGXO01 sp017859745
s__Porphyromonas sp000467855
s__Koleobacter methoxysyntrophicus
s__Limivicinus sp902795045
s__Streptomyces sp000280905
s__CAG-590 sp003530125
s__Gordonia namibiensis
s__Breznakia sp029504745
s__Egerieousia sp902780455
s__JAACPJ01 sp009995455
s__Aminidesulfovibrio aminophilus
s__Lactobacillus sp003692965
s__Rubrivivax sp011525985
s__Prevotella sp900314365
s__JAJZCL01 sp021828865
s__JAFDBS01 sp019313185
s__CG1-02-43-31 sp002788675
s__Methylomonas paludis
s__QIAJ01 sp003132325
s__JAPHQX01 sp026196035
s__JAAYVZ01 sp012516935
s__Yoonia sp029250945
s__Draconibacterium orientale_A
s__B1SED10-74M sp003567725
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021785035
s__Arachnia lapidicapta
s__Thermoactinomyces intermedius
s__Poseidonibacter ostreae
s__2-12-FULL-39-13 sp001824485
s__JABDPF01 sp013042915
s__Sulfobacillus_C sp021797515
s__RUG024 sp900314765
s__Janthinobacterium sp014200725
s__Mycobacterium attenuatum
s__Lacrimispora indolis
s__Sediminibacterium sp017856545
s__Polaromonas sp030680935
s__Shewanella benthica
s__Vescimonas sp934623575
s__Bin5 sp009841235
s__VFKP01 sp021782495
s__UBA868 sp002171735
s__Chryseobacterium candidae
s__Egerieousia sp017625535
s__JJ008 sp016720585
s__Victivallis sp944391105
s__UBA2135 sp002327685
s__Lancefieldella sp000411555
s__Lamprobacter sp003562815
s__Synechococcus_B sp026709085
s__MPNO01 sp022823775
s__Allobacillus halotolerans
s__CAMWFH01 sp947173485
s__Mf105b01 sp003330885
s__J004 sp011051485
s__Pasteurella felis
s__Aristaeella sp902764875
s__Microbacterium sp001898315
s__CAKUFI01 sp934647305
s__UBA8592 sp002724825
s__Collinsella sp900552145
s__Bog-366 sp030049455
s__Collinsella sp900551555
s__MS024-2A sp011525195
s__Herbaspirillum aquaticum
s__2-01-FULL-45-10 sp001804065
s__UBA5633 sp002452735
s__Benthicola azotiphorus
s__Xanthomonas_A bonasiae
s__Vibrio algivorus
s__Planktophila dulcis
s__Maricaulis virginensis
s__Gordonia pseudamarae
s__JAJYXT01 sp027306885
s__DVEF01 sp015295805
s__Coprosoma sp944358495
s__Chryseobacterium oranimense
s__Pseudomonas_E crudilactis
s__Pelagibacter sp905620495
s__Aeromicrobium sp014334735
s__GCA-2402195 sp945875975
s__RBG-13-51-36 sp903884455
s__Liquorilactobacillus hordei
s__Pelagibacter sp902527605
s__Mailhella sp900555975
s__Pelethomonas sp910587505
s__CAG-170 sp902796245
s__Planktophila sp903874255
s__Desulfobacula sp023701135
s__Hydrogenophaga sp018333605
s__HGM13634 sp905198755
s__Basfia bettyae
s__Dolichospermum sp017355425
s__UBA12489 sp903844055
s__UMGS1490 sp900547395
s__Prevotella sp902769805
s__Prevotella sp002353825
s__Mycobacterium aubagnense
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021808195
s__Rhodoblastus sp021813805
s__Streptomyces sp003116725
s__Onthovivens sp002438785
s__SYGV01 sp028876065
s__Rikenella faecigallinarum
s__Neisseria sp001815675
s__Moritella sp000170855
s__Methyloversatilis sp018824085
s__Arthrobacter nicotinovorans_A
s__Faecousia sp018918045
s__UBA1405 sp948465665
s__Desulforudis audaxviator
s__CAG-269 sp947643945
s__Pseudomonas_E mucidolens
s__UBA7640 sp002483765
s__Avelusimicrobium sp934667625
s__Aedoeadaptatus coxii
s__CAJJNI01 sp905193085
s__Pectobacterium wasabiae
s__GCA-001735895 sp937984095
s__UBA952 sp903901805
s__Metabacillus litoralis_B
s__RUG563 sp015056015
s__Arthrobacter sp006964045
s__Terrimonas_A sp001898485
s__Faecousia sp934622035
s__Aphodousia sp900545335
s__Ensifer sp001695835
s__BJHT01 sp945861535
s__UMGS902 sp900546635
s__CG1-02-37-114 sp001871125
s__CAKMZV01 sp929200535
s__Limnohabitans sp903880855
s__JABDGZ01 sp028865345
s__Moorena sp010692325
s__Metabacillus niabensis
s__GCA-2730555 sp018650185
s__UBA9959 sp021847485
s__UBA636 sp902803055
s__Prevotella sp902798615
s__Arthrobacter sp902506025
s__GWA1-39-11 sp001782675
s__Saccharofermentans sp017529925
s__UBA4421 sp002348825
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_N
s__Limicola stercorigallinarum
s__Specibacter dokdonellae
s__WFWF01 sp015487615
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum saburreum
s__UMGS1976 sp900556765
s__Coprenecus avistercoris
s__UBA668 sp903919455
s__RF16 sp902762355
s__UMGS1975 sp900751745
s__Halorhodospira halochloris
s__UBA10906 sp903867225
s__GCA-2717385 sp002730795
s__Caulobacter rhizosphaerae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017465225
s__Paludibacter sp021779195
s__Listeria swaminathanii
s__Algicoccus sp021208885
s__Paenibacillus phytohabitans
s__Limivicinus sp934572335
s__Pandoraea communis
s__Collinsella sp900768795
s__HTCC2207 sp014381985
s__S141-66 sp015490455
s__Bosea robiniae
s__JAKBAP01 sp021808995
s__JAFGTE01 sp018825145
s__MS024-2A sp902546725
s__Synechocystis salina
s__Aquabacterium sp903894125
s__DUMP01 sp012839755
s__UBA2100 sp002331495
s__Streptomyces xanthophaeus
s__Corynebacterium sp002363255
s__B1Sed10-166 sp003556605
s__Fusobacterium_B sp029258315
s__Sutterella sp949282745
s__MED-G09 sp003278145
s__UBA8904 sp028693285
s__UBA9926 sp913064795
s__Clostridium_E sporosphaeroides
s__Collinsella sp900543515
s__Romboutsia_E sp900545985
s__DTU098 sp001512635
s__RF16 sp002368645
s__UBA7359 sp943788005
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947372865
s__JAJPKE01 sp025935195
s__Collinsella sp003464565
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp945865315
s__Tichowtungia sp903831085
s__Bin5 sp009838625
s__UBA3855 sp902783005
s__Collinsella sp900549715
s__Paenibacillus_A antibioticophila
s__Blautia sp900555025
s__Nocardiopsis alba
s__Aulosira anomala_A
s__JAACFE01 sp009937505
s__Planktophila sp903852955
s__Burkholderia mayonis
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947474565
s__Limosilactobacillus coleohominis_A
s__JAAFHB01 sp903897145
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687935
s__B118-G9 sp018824205
s__Lepagella sp905212215
s__Bog-950 sp947479455
s__RUG12395 sp902778725
s__TMED-70 sp002699165
s__Flavobacterium sp017995345
s__Xiamenia sp003612515
s__Haloferula sp004293445
s__Laceyella sacchari
s__Alistipes sp900768015
s__PFJX01 sp009772925
s__Buchnera aphidicola_Z
s__Athalassotoga sp002878315
s__Thiobacillus sp002281775
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_Q
s__SKMY01 sp003561325
s__Campylobacter_B geochelonis
s__MnTg04 sp022560735
s__Scatomorpha stercoravium
s__UBA1924 sp002364005
s__Mycobacterium confluentis
s__Catonella sp900314885
s__Collinsella provencensis
s__UMGS1668 sp015067125
s__Lysinibacillus_B odysseyi
s__Enterocloster sp900543885
s__Thermus altitudinis
s__RGIG7193 sp944381515
s__Exiguobacterium aurantiacum
s__Shewanella sp002836205
s__WO2-35-19 sp001823925
s__D2472 sp002469975
s__Dysgonomonas mossii
s__Alistipes stercoravium
s__Saccharofermentans sp003149065
s__Collinsella sp900548255
s__Bisbaumannia pacifica
s__46-80 sp003513005
s__UMGS1663 sp900553405
s__Collinsella sp900541205
s__Sulfuricurvum sp002327465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002350615
s__Enterococcus plantarum
s__QOAS01 sp013153315
s__Polynucleobacter yangtzensis
s__Luminiphilus aquimaris
s__Brevibacillus invocatus
s__Bog-1198 sp003137095
s__Ferruginibacter sp903831575
s__QAMH01 sp900756605
s__UBA8950 sp001872455
s__JAHRVQ01 sp002725285
s__Lepagella sp014800685
s__PALSA-1316 sp021814475
s__Phocaeicola sp900546645
s__Anaerococcus vaginalis_B
s__Nanosynbacter sp007845355
s__CAIQJJ01 sp903872065
s__JAFAHZ01 sp019236975
s__Lentimicrobium sp002433025
s__GJ-E10 sp000828975
s__Tepidiforma sp938015525
s__UBA4334 sp934293005
s__Microbacterium sp001866135
s__Cyanobium minutissimum
s__C7867-002 sp903842025
s__CAIOGO01 sp903839615
s__Alloprevotella sp945869305
s__Shewanella sp002836315
s__Vibrio gazogenes
s__Borkfalkia sp904419945
s__Negativibacillus sp905197685
s__Pauljensenia meyeri
s__Methylophosphatis roskildensis
s__Ardenticatena sp015487975
s__Avoscillospira_A avistercoris
s__Thermoleptolyngbya sichuanensis
s__Merdivivens pullicola
s__Porphyromonas_A sp900541275
s__Marinobacter sp002726615
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp017302035
s__QAMH01 sp003149935
s__Bact-08 sp021371955
s__Bifidobacterium gallicum
s__GCA-002779875 sp002792165
s__Musicola paradisiaca
s__RF16 sp902780235
s__Bact-11 sp017428245
s__CAKQWA01 sp934277945
s__DJVA01 sp002440705
s__Desertimonas flava
s__Faecimonas sp905209745
s__Neobacillus thermocopriae
s__CADEGR01 sp902826935
s__Microbacterium foliorum
s__UBA952 sp943330745
s__CG1-02-37-22 sp002785215
s__Eubacterium_G sp904420085
s__Planktophila sp903932885
s__Scatovivens sp947244325
s__Enterococcus ureilyticus
s__JAQWCH01 sp028705995
s__Victivallis sp944389935
s__Gallimonas sp017887095
s__BM003 sp002868855
s__CAKQTH01 sp934276635
s__GCA-002712965 sp002696685
s__JAAYGD01 sp012727915
s__Parabacteroides chinchillae
s__Brevundimonas sp002484265
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_U
s__Arthrobacter sp021800405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002438805
s__Galliscardovia tissieri
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900319975
s__JALFST01 sp022779285
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp030728545
s__Geotoga petraea
s__Evtepia sp022792035
s__UBA10677 sp934270565
s__Roseovarius nubinhibens
s__Geobacillus subterraneus
s__Novibacillus thermophilus
s__Rhizobium sp002944315
s__Tannerella sp002890585
s__CAZU01 sp934271465
s__Pararheinheimera tangshanensis
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp018262715
s__RF16 sp900319645
s__GCA-002779425 sp002779425
s__Planktophila sp005800815
s__Collinsella sp900543505
s__Collinsella sp900549085
s__FEN-1297 sp021778375
s__Anaerobiospirillum stercoravium
s__Flagellimonas taeanensis
s__Avibacteroides excrementipullorum
s__RUG14156 sp944324945
s__UBA11358 sp903888765
s__Firm-07 sp900770145
s__Frigoribacterium sp001424645
s__DTU010 sp900018335
s__Collinsella sp958445065
s__Winogradskyella forsetii
s__JABEUX01 sp021782295
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187505
s__SKTA01 sp007122745
s__Algoriphagus sp945901615
s__14-2 sp022790855
s__CAJLXD01 sp905210515
s__Micromonospora chersina
s__CAIUKX01 sp945902775
s__RUG705 sp934098395
s__Pseudonocardia autotrophica
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002373715
s__JASHON01 sp030040995
s__Solirhodobacter sp021779835
s__HO2-FULL-38-9 sp001793095
s__WRNU01 sp025997045
s__Roseobacter litoralis
s__LD21 sp903824785
s__Pelagibacter sp902570695
s__JAGPCK01 sp018058135
s__Parasynechococcus sp020514285
s__XYC1-FULL-37-79 sp001770015
s__Herbaspirillum sp004563925
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187605
s__Gulbenkiania mobilis
s__Paenibacillus illinoisensis_A
s__Bulleidia sp022486705
s__Helicobacter pylori_CG
s__T3Sed10-66 sp003564555
s__Paracidovorax wautersii
s__Spiroplasma melliferum
s__Acinetobacter sp003987695
s__UBA737 sp905211675
s__Nocardiopsis sinuspersici
s__Nitrospira_D sp024330965
s__UBA10281 sp900767885
s__Rothia koreensis
s__Rhodococcus rhodnii
s__Dysgonomonas sp029892965
s__M5B4 sp937927915
s__Pseudomonas_E fulva_A
s__JAAYBG01 sp012718985
s__Pseudomonas_E daroniae
s__Acinetobacter sp002135315
s__Prevotella sp902776195
s__WO2-35-19 sp001824215
s__Alloprevotella tannerae_B
s__WO2-FULL-40-11 sp001776505
s__JAAYEV01 sp028686075
s__Bacteroides sp945836915
s__CAJLIR01 sp905206805
s__Coprosoma sp022801735
s__UBA9630 sp903937035
s__Pantoea deleyi
s__Desulfonatronospira sp007125075
s__Limisoma sp029224905
s__CAIXZV01 sp903925955
s__Bin75 sp011523385
s__XYC2-FULL-35-21 sp021824625
s__Streptomyces niveiscabiei
s__CAG-475 sp900763875
s__Bradyrhizobium japonicum_C
s__Adamsella sp944323485
s__Dictyoglomus turgidum
s__Clostridium_B sp003497125
s__Avoscillospira avicola
s__UBA3789 sp902776735
s__RF16 sp002372695
s__Thomasclavelia sp000508865
s__Trueperella pecoris
s__UBA1179 sp902774335
s__Thermus aquaticus
s__Marixanthomonas sp002360635
s__Leptotrichia massiliensis
s__UMGS1783 sp905209135
s__Aphodousia sp902388655
s__Variovorax sp003019815
s__GCA-002712965 sp009392815
s__UBA7434 sp002339085
s__Onthousia faecipullorum
s__Gallimonas gallistercoris
s__GCA-002718515 sp018665385
s__Flavobacterium sp030010375
s__DUPQ01 sp028690885
s__Stercorousia sp905216055
s__UBA868 sp018661145
s__Methylocystis rosea
s__UBA9973 sp001785355
s__Collinsella sp902469665
s__SLNP01 sp007132995
s__UBA3537 sp002684355
s__Mesoflavibacter profundi
s__S7086C20 sp001751075
s__Saccharicenans sp002441005
s__Collinsella sp902466735
s__Duodenibacillus sp900767875
s__UBA9959 sp001799715
s__UBA1067 sp018384485
s__CALFBP01 sp937951625
s__Collinsella sp900542155
s__UBA1443 sp002329545
s__Opacimonas sp029246415
s__UBA11574 sp937998305
s__Sporolactobacillus sp900543345
s__Pauljensenia sp905370305
s__UMGS1532 sp900552605
s__Prevotella sp900549175
s__WLRQ01 sp947455705
s__WLWX01 sp943787785
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903853805
s__Nitrosomonas sp019635215
s__Onthoplasma sp944383415
s__Cysteiniphilum litorale
s__Prevotella sp022486815
s__Clostridium_AD estertheticum_D
s__Margalitia shackletonii
s__CANKGV01 sp947481575
s__ER46 sp947442255
s__Azonexus sp018828385
s__CAIYZJ01 sp903824185
s__JAAYLU01 sp018436725
s__Enterococcus caccae
s__Lactobacillus kimbladii
s__JAJYDN01 sp021777535
s__Bifidobacterium tsurumiense
s__UBA738 sp002404605
s__Nitratiruptor tergarcus
s__Sphingobacterium sp011007365
s__Anaerotruncus excrementipullorum
s__UMGS946 sp900547135
s__GCA-002733105 sp905479075
s__UBA10656 sp003645185
s__JAAFHG01 sp947379895
s__CAG-269 sp022793875
s__Methylopumilus_A sp027485305
s__GCA-002684695 sp902612965
s__Mycobacterium intermedium
s__CAG-1000 sp934096235
s__UBA2166 sp012965905
s__Hominisplanchenecus sp900551235
s__Lepagella sp900554345
s__Gallimonas sp944363395
s__Mesosutterella sp902797695
s__Enterococcus_B mundtii_B
s__Winogradskyella sp002682935
s__UBA9659 sp002694945
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AI
s__UBA4372 sp017429945
s__UBA5456 sp002427325
s__GCA-2701545 sp002701545
s__RGIG7949 sp016287555
s__HK-STAS-PATE-2 sp023898425
s__Azonexus sp937983545
s__Contendobacter odensis
s__Desulfaltia sp013202725
s__Prosthecochloris aestuarii
s__SXXZ01 sp945883815
s__Mycobacterium saopaulense
s__Borkfalkia sp019423125
s__CAG-977 sp944392845
s__RGIG7150 sp017538085
s__Planktotalea frisia
s__Streptococcus vulneris
s__RF16 sp002440265
s__Sphingomonas sp005503355
s__Prevotella sp900313805
s__Casp-actino8 sp009705435
s__Paraprevotella stercoravium
s__Cryptobacteroides intestinipullorum
s__Stappia indica
s__Psychrilyobacter sp003391055
s__Limnocylindrus sp003670455
s__Borkfalkia faecavium
s__WM-3-3 sp002928495
s__N075bin58 sp004356825
s__Sphingobacterium sp002386525
s__Frigoribacterium sp000878135
s__Draconibacterium sp018648265
s__Thermosynechococcus sp000505665
s__Thalassobacillus devorans
s__GCA-2702235 sp002702235
s__GCA-002795985 sp002792395
s__Fervidobacterium pennivorans_A
s__UBA1020 sp002348605
s__UBA3663 sp002373755
s__Aedoeadaptatus acetigenes
s__Pontimonas sp030728325
s__UBA11358 sp903865745
s__GWF2-33-38 sp001769505
s__Trebonia sp030038035
s__Corynebacterium sp024834055
s__Hydromicrobium sp004376325
s__Mycobacterium insubricum
s__Lepagella sp902468245
s__Pelagibacter sp902609685
s__Alistipes sp017398555
s__Nitrosomonas sp024235735
s__CAIVPW01 sp945947575
s__Williamsia muralis
s__RGIG7107 sp017515185
s__UBA1724 sp016302725
s__Tenacibaculum sp004337695
s__Prosthecochloris ethylica
s__JAJZXC01 sp021797675
s__JAHJXP01 sp018819165
s__Alistipes sp017623115
s__Comamonas antarctica
s__PBB1 sp947474755
s__C7867-001 sp001783465
s__Malacoplasma_A sp902800015
s__SHYQ01 sp947479915
s__UBA4971 sp002424305
s__E29-bin54 sp003556385
s__Alistipes_A merdigallinarum
s__Pseudomonas_E moorei
s__Vibrio alfacsensis
s__UBA4644 sp002405755
s__Faecalimonas sp029264305
s__W3P20-009 sp004552385
s__Aquella sp003538525
s__Scatomonas pullistercoris
s__Cloacibacterium normanense
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216635
s__Celeribacter halophilus_A
s__Klebsiella africana
s__Agrobacterium sp900012625
s__Methylomonas koyamae_A
s__RF16 sp017525455
s__Pelagibacter sp902623215
s__Hel1-33-131 sp018608765
s__Sulfuricella sp002784065
s__VXRJ01 sp009838525
s__Allopseudarcicella ecclesiirivi
s__Acidicapsa sp903832055
s__CAG-245 sp900758165
s__Sulfuricurvum kujiense_A
s__Agathobaculum desmolans
s__Paenibacillus_O pasadenensis
s__Yersinia hibernica
s__UBA970 sp903845135
s__JABIPD01 sp018698735
s__Collinsella sp905207425
s__CAIQDX01 sp903904335
s__Limihabitans sp900554285
s__Eggerthia catenaformis
s__DTU098 sp002305915
s__Falkowella caecavicola
s__RUG14106 sp902795825
s__UMGS1585 sp900766355
s__UBA3207 sp017447725
s__PWLA01 sp007121555
s__Blautia_A sp022764275
s__Brevibacterium sp024580735
s__Alloprevotella sp902796835
s__Limihabitans stercoravium
s__RXIV01 sp903879705
s__Rickettsia typhi
s__CAG-873 sp016302215
s__UBA1439 sp002329605
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_Q
s__SYLG01 sp005808665
s__Sinorhizobium alkalisoli
s__B60-G16 sp003647275
s__CSSED11-154 sp003563985
s__HIMB59 sp003216195
s__Enteromonas sp900550795
s__JABICL01 sp018652265
s__Dysosmobacter sp910584465
s__CAG-269 sp900556695
s__Levilactobacillus tujiorum
s__Labilibaculum euxinus
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007128175
s__UBA1711 sp900317955
s__Methylobacterium extorquens_A
s__Caccovivens faecavium
s__Nevskia sp026398875
s__Enterenecus sp944387065
s__Actinomarina sp902571385
s__Leuconostoc_B fallax
s__Rhodoluna sp947454255
s__14-2 sp947089585
s__Limiplasma sp934621505
s__Rhodopirellula europaea
s__Hyphomonas sp013791775
s__Corynebacterium minutissimum_B
s__Cytobacillus solani
s__Caccovivens sp948607205
s__Mycoplasmopsis meleagridis
s__PCC-10605 sp000317675
s__HTCC2207 sp905182275
s__Sulfitobacter sp002703405
s__Collinsella sp902364505
s__Mycobacterium vaccae
s__Parerythrobacter sp024236155
s__Acutalibacter sp910588935
s__UBA10450 sp003219195
s__Collinsella sp902388545
s__Vescimonas sp900550585
s__Campylobacter sp900753405
s__Blautia sp022777285
s__JAKABX01 sp021796545
s__JACKOQ01 sp024234215
s__Ezakiella sp900540185
s__Prevotella sp902800435
s__Ruminococcus_E sp904393835
s__Thermostichus sp937944885
s__GCA-2699365 sp002699365
s__Halothiobacillus neapolitanus
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp947492905
s__Roseburia_B sp947652855
s__Gulosibacter hominis
s__CAJBVW01 sp903959175
s__Clavibacter tessellarius
s__UBA12225 sp947446285
s__Lepagella sp900552315
s__JAJYTD01 sp021793235
s__Peptostreptococcus russellii
s__DTU032 sp002427475
s__Microbacterium sp022702225
s__JADFVG01 sp015222405
s__Acinetobacter albensis
s__Streptomyces xanthochromogenes
s__Pseudomonas_E zanjanensis
s__DUPP01 sp028692105
s__CAIRSR01 sp903824965
s__SFHR01 sp934271525
s__UBA3907 sp002391545
s__Laedolimicola sp910574475
s__Prevotella sp902786565
s__JAGZHZ01 sp018366495
s__Hungateiclostridium straminisolvens
s__Streptococcus cristatus_C
s__Buttiauxella agrestis
s__Treponema_D sp016290995
s__UBA4592 sp002365735
s__UBA1413 sp012729335
s__Streptomyces sp002300485
s__Alitiscatomonas sp900556965
s__Ornithoclostridium faecigallinarum
s__Collinsella sp900555765
s__JAPORY01 sp026709985
s__Psychroserpens sp947500255
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_G
s__C7867-006 sp000996025
s__Prevotella sp900318885
s__JAKAGM01 sp021815445
s__Hippea sp015486965
s__UBA2253 sp002068415
s__Sodaliphilus sp902800715
s__Sphaerochaeta sp016406725
s__UBA4421 sp002726925
s__Faecousia sp002437585
s__Paenibacillus urinalis
s__Palsa-187 sp025980665
s__Succinivibrio sp002449335
s__GAS188 sp019247795
s__PWYM01 sp003567855
s__UBA890 sp002722645
s__Polaribacter sejongensis
s__Puia sp903906365
s__JAGBWK01 sp014801075
s__Halospina utahensis_B
s__Devosia sp018828145
s__Galligastranaerophilus intestinavium
s__UBA8316 sp002390455
s__DTU032 sp002427505
s__MED-G14 sp004321735
s__UBA12403 sp003511125
s__Bariatricus sp900554415
s__SW10 sp905182405
s__Leucobacter luti_A
s__Rhodoluna sp021741685
s__RAAP-2 sp021815645
s__Streptomyces ipomoeae
s__Duncaniella sp900544535
s__SLJK01 sp007135125
s__SXYR01 sp903920455
s__Cellvibrio japonicus
s__GCA-002785045 sp002781185
s__Bin16 sp009838965
s__Sutcliffiella_A horikoshii_C
s__Streptomyces canus_D
s__Viridibacillus arenosi
s__Modestobacter sp026968045
s__Pauljensenia sp018382595
s__RGVD01 sp945870425
s__Enterococcus_C leclercqii
s__UBA953 sp947378845
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_C
s__Pediococcus claussenii
s__UBA6183 sp019454865
s__RUG410 sp934229625
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_S
s__Caproicibacter sp002316805
s__UBA4416 sp947450025
s__CALVJY01 sp944332455
s__Deinococcus radiopugnans
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021786385
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp002722565
s__Achromobacter anxifer
s__Vibrio sp011306175
s__Synechococcus_C sp014279655
s__Tabrizicola thermarum
s__CAITLU01 sp903893315
s__Nitromaritima sp018647025
s__SCUS01 sp947477565
s__UBA12158 sp000989305
s__Enteromonas sp900317165
s__UBA1081 sp022763825
s__Arthrobacter_B koreensis
s__Lepagella sp002404675
s__HGM13010 sp900754965
s__Isoptericola sediminis
s__JACPAP01 sp016180765
s__Agitococcus sp947373945
s__Thioalkalivibrio halophilus
s__Actinomarina sp002169115
s__DUPH01 sp012838435
s__Erwinia_D beijingensis
s__UBA1847 sp029881055
s__UBA12454 sp018828825
s__Caminibacter pacificus
s__PCC-6304 sp025370785
s__CAIMEY01 sp903840165
s__JADJSS01 sp020848315
s__Clavibacter sp021919125
s__Xenophilus sp031119395
s__Levilactobacillus zymae
s__Campylobacter_D cuniculorum
s__UMGS1976 sp017399535
s__CAIZMI01 sp903934015
s__Phocaeicola sp902472605
s__SLAD01 sp007123265
s__JADKHK01 sp016721845
s__Acididesulfobacter guangdongensis
s__Snodgrassella alvi_B
s__Phocaeicola gallistercoris
s__Frankia torreyi
s__UMGS2055 sp900557635
s__MMGLQ5-1 sp013155265
s__Paenalcaligenes hominis
s__Bact-08 sp028707695
s__FEN-1297 sp021777835
s__Allopseudarcicella nivalisilvae
s__SLAA01 sp007127105
s__UBA9715 sp902779135
s__Onthomonas sp021205205
s__JADMIL01 sp021780585
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947447985
s__Caproicibacterium sp944385055
s__Falcatimonas sp018918265
s__RUG11257 sp017527625
s__Acidoferrum sp001917435
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004011755
s__SYLI01 sp005809105
s__Parvimonas sp001552895
s__DTU018 sp003444615
s__Synechococcus_C sp003210755
s__UBA6115 sp012522875
s__UBA1424 sp023457325
s__UBA7236 sp002473275
s__Alistipes sp001941065
s__Arthrobacter enclensis
s__Acidovorax sp002176815
s__HGM10836 sp900772095
s__Saccharofermentans sp902801755
s__JAJXWB01 sp020638195
s__Thermodesulfobacterium syntrophicum
s__Granulicella sp021819255
s__JAJXWV01 sp021781455
s__G030849185 sp030849185
s__Burkholderia paludis
s__UMGS1663 sp949155365
s__Olleya sediminilitoris
s__HIMB59 sp008638215
s__Bacillus_BJ canaveralius
s__Giesbergeria sp026647025
s__Alistipes_A sp944323075
s__Methylotenera sp013141495
s__Marivivens donghaensis
s__Goekera deserti
s__Afipia birgiae
s__Faecalimonas sp900546325
s__Rhodophyticola sp017644125
s__QWPN01 sp903958265
s__Streptomyces sp004353505
s__CG2-30-68-42 sp001872285
s__Nanogingivalis sp015257795
s__Pigmentiphaga sp002188635
s__Prevotella sp002395135
s__Eubacterium_Q sp947168155
s__COE1 sp910586715
s__UBA721 sp002698965
s__Francisella opportunistica
s__Novosphingobium sp002256985
s__Merdivivens pullistercoris
s__CAG-269 sp905203305
s__Mucilaginibacter sp002413785
s__QNES01 sp003645255
s__GWC2-39-10 sp001872945
s__HGM13010 sp022779345
s__UBA1737 sp934098295
s__Poriferisocius sp009843865
s__DTU063 sp001512695
s__Paracoccus sp013868135
s__Promineifilum sp020634335
s__Paralachnospira_A sp910579325
s__UBA2387 sp002343445
s__UBA738 sp900763675
s__SICB01 sp943354575
s__Prevotella sp900109055
s__Porticoccus hydrocarbonoclasticus
s__Enterousia sp900313105
s__UMGS1477 sp900761525
s__UBA912 sp023488435
s__UBA12037 sp003527485
s__UBA6176 sp903842505
s__Chryseobacterium muglaense
s__HIMB59 sp902527545
s__UBA4285 sp002394965
s__Collinsella sp900751755
s__GCA-001735895 sp937936805
s__Anaerovibrio lipolyticus_C
s__Streptomyces stelliscabiei
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A anserisalpingitidis
s__Prevotella sp900317545
s__Choladousia intestinigallinarum
s__UMGS2070 sp905203455
s__Mesorhizobium sp004136315
s__Butyrivibrio sp900104155
s__Pseudomonas_E guariconensis_A
s__UBA3792 sp002369195
s__FEN-1297 sp021783875
s__Caldicellulosiruptor acetigenus
s__Arthrobacter_B sp020907315
s__CAJIYR01 sp018651345
s__Villigracilis adiacens
s__Sulfurimonas sp015487435
s__CAIXIX01 sp903859705
s__Ottowia sp001897615
s__Rhizobium sp900468685
s__CAG-465 sp948562205
s__Convivina intestini
s__Thermoflexus hugenholtzii
s__Thiopseudomonas sp001513025
s__SIG336 sp015056765
s__UBA1181 sp900769555
s__Kaistella sp030686865
s__XYB1-40-15 sp001782825
s__Rhodococcus defluvii_A
s__Scatomonas hejianensis
s__Paenibacillus_E chondroitinus
s__Gemmobacter sp003509785
s__Azophilus sp022827905
s__JAFDKF01 sp019307135
s__Borkfalkia sp017886895
s__Collinsella sp900542825
s__Micromonospora sediminicola
s__JAFDEE01 sp019310525
s__Opi-474 sp903855985
s__Smithella sp000747625
s__Xenorhabdus bovienii_C
s__Streptococcus sp946901205
s__Nitrosomonas sp021582535
s__Bacillus_P dongyingensis
s__UMGS1975 sp900556815
s__Lysobacter gummosus
s__UBA9320 sp003516975
s__Collinsella sp003475665
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_AA
s__MED-G17 sp002457675
s__BRH-c25 sp022706825
s__Firm-16 sp017561715
s__UBA866 sp947363605
s__UBA6265 sp023957015
s__UBA2883 sp002103075
s__Fusobacterium_B sp900545035
s__Thiodiazotropha sp003058525
s__Pelethomonas sp947058885
s__Dubosiella sp000403415
s__Polynucleobacter sp947453825
s__Edwardsiella hoshinae
s__Methylobacterium tardum
s__UBA8337 sp018660505
s__Actinobacillus_A minor
s__Phyllobacterium sophorae
s__Sphingomonas sp001425385
s__Aquimarina sp900299505
s__C7867-002 sp018971685
s__Dokdonella sp016707485
s__RGIG8748 sp934500705
s__VBCG01 sp021784125
s__UBA10170 sp001798165
s__Castellaniella defragrans
s__Marinisoma sp029253045
s__UBA8515 sp903862375
s__Limnohabitans sp903832625
s__Paraburkholderia bryophila
s__Anaerococcus senegalensis
s__UBA854 sp002295885
s__Herminiimonas contaminans
s__JAJYKC01 sp021813825
s__Avimonas sp001513365
s__Afipia sp000178995
s__Phenylobacterium sp903822175
s__UBA4466 sp029249445
s__Avimicrobium sp900761965
s__Faecalibacterium sp900765105
s__Hominisplanchenecus_A sp900762665
s__Bradyrhizobium manausense
s__Protofrankia californiensis
s__Rhodococcus pseudokoreensis
s__Pseudomonas_E botevensis
s__Donghicola eburneus
s__Ferruginibacter sp001898465
s__Blautia_A excrementigallinarum
s__Pseudoclavibacter_B alba
s__ELB16-189 sp001567185
s__Arthrobacter sp001423525
s__UBA11490 sp934754495
s__Clostridium sp900769625
s__JAKAJA01 sp021813555
s__JJ008 sp002378975
s__Enterococcus_A devriesei
s__UBA1240 sp001603145
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000829415
s__Pelagibacterium sp002337455
s__Flavobacterium kayseriense
s__Anaerovibrio sp016302095
s__Hominimerdicola sp902800795
s__Terrabacter sp013361975
s__SXXK01 sp947476295
s__Porphyromonas sp945875135
s__UBA3663 sp017632695
s__CAJQPP01 sp024232675
s__UBA2804 sp902796095
s__MS024-2A sp010031465
s__SCUS01 sp016704445
s__Muricoprocola sp900544685
s__Allorhizobium sp002377765
s__M5B4 sp002861535
s__Citricoccus terreus
s__Pseudomonas_F resinovorans
s__UBA2868 sp003484785
s__Bacteroides sp905197435
s__CAIKVZ01 sp903832285
s__Pseudomonas_E hamedanensis
s__CAIZGX01 sp945881835
s__Janibacter terrae
s__Arctic95D-9 sp030730365
s__Streptomyces albireticuli
s__UBA9145 sp003482475
s__Actinomyces oris_A
s__CFX10 sp013112715
s__Collinsella sp900752475
s__CAIVVT01 sp903909435
s__Curtobacterium sp003755065
s__Microbacterium testaceum
s__Prevotella sp902775975
s__Parvivirga sp001950395
s__UBA953 sp947455415
s__UMGS1502 sp934630485
s__Alteromonas genovensis
s__Yersinia thracica
s__JAHJRX01 sp018830565
s__Sporosarcina sp002743255
s__IGN2 sp025455085
s__UBA11663 sp002313415
s__Iodidimonas muriae
s__UBA3569 sp002375895
s__Nonomuraea longispora
s__Flavobacterium ginsengisoli
s__Mediterraneibacter sp900541505
s__Avidehalobacter gallistercoris
s__Arthrobacter niigatensis
s__Mycobacterium innocens
s__Adlercreutzia sp947649205
s__UBA2376 sp900696455
s__Agathobacter sp934365945
s__UBA1786 sp017480685
s__UBA3855 sp900319285
s__2-02-FULL-43-11 sp001820955
s__JAJYFR01 sp021846685
s__JAIPBD01 sp021739765
s__UBA7236 sp016706255
s__Accumulibacter sp017302455
s__UMGS687 sp944380415
s__JAJYOJ01 sp021796235
s__Dysosmobacter sp945864305
s__Variovorax ginsengisoli_B
s__Rhodococcus sp002259415
s__CAIZWU01 sp947460575
s__Parabacteroides bouchesdurhonensis
s__Eubacterium_I sp944380065
s__Neisseria subflava_E
s__TMED25 sp002694595
s__Alteromonas lipotrueae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900316525
s__JADCCX01 sp020252485
s__Citrobacter_C amalonaticus_A
s__Psychrosphaera sp018861025
s__JAKALB01 sp021813365
s__UBA4421 sp002727775
s__Pauljensenia sp019425105
s__Algoriphagus sp030694375
s__Bog-756 sp003133325
s__Bacteroides sp900555635
s__AAA044-D11 sp002340925
s__Thiomonas sp021846965
s__Phelpsiimicrobium noxiivivens
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_D
s__JAKBAI01 sp021809185
s__Neorhizobium galegae
s__Acinetobacter rudis_A
s__YA12-FULL-51-18 sp001799575
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp910585455
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900167895
s__Erwinia sp003937915
s__Petralouisia sp012519695
s__SYAC01 sp903867275
s__UBA6984 sp900321735
s__Palsa-89 sp003166875
s__Gluconacetobacter dulcium
s__Pseudoalteromonas arabiensis
s__Blautia sp029257775
s__Jutongia sp022774505
s__Deinococcus soli
s__SXON01 sp903921785
s__JAHEFT01 sp029859645
s__Scalindua brodae
s__B3T1B10 sp022566515
s__Enterousia sp902784285
s__Fen-1258 sp021824635
s__CAIXPL01 sp903829815
s__GCA-2720975 sp002720975
s__PYGY01 sp007129945
s__Saccharofermentans sp017527865
s__SZUA-584 sp023406895
s__JABEUT01 sp013044305
s__Paenibacillus helianthi
s__SURF-10 sp021737145
s__Mycobacterium sp004362315
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp030725785
s__Corynebacterium frankenforstense_A
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_J
s__Catellatospora citrea
s__Xiamenia agrestimuris
s__UBA1402 sp012511135
s__Acetomicrobium thermoterrenum
s__Pigmentiphaga sp001898625
s__Brachybacterium epidermidis
s__Formosa algae
s__Opacimonas sp000155775
s__Alteriqipengyuania sp002377695
s__UMGS995 sp910579455
s__Prevotella sp015060535
s__CAADGL01 sp900696525
s__Planktophila sp009700715
s__Paramuribaculum sp910578305
s__CAG-1000 sp905193755
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018384035
s__Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale_B
s__AG-337-I02 sp902554185
s__Limnohabitans sp947381415
s__Collinsella phocaeensis
s__Streptomyces sp000725625
s__Treponema_D sp017525605
s__Eubacterium_G sp002369135
s__Gilliamella sp002142215
s__Comamonas koreensis_A
s__Fimivicinus sp900549825
s__Actinomarina sp902555985
s__CAIRDJ01 sp903877335
s__Pseudomonas_E lundensis_A
s__F1-80-MAGS106 sp945865375
s__Caballeronia glathei
s__Fimimorpha sp904420225
s__Limnohabitans sp903871545
s__Ottowia sp020848515
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp013286835
s__JAKBAT01 sp028868905
s__RBG-16-40-8 sp021784635
s__UBA10649 sp903934925
s__Lawsonibacter sp000492175
s__Cellulomonas hominis
s__RUG12372 sp016286075
s__SFLA01 sp017646185
s__Frigidibacter albus
s__Actinacidiphila bryophytorum
s__HIMB59 sp902617465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017437825
s__Flavobacterium endophyticum
s__Butyrivibrio sp900102515
s__UBA4372 sp017469525
s__UBA3561 sp002376005
s__Oerskovia enterophila
s__MVCY01 sp002049985
s__WO2-35-19 sp001825335
s__Halomonas sp003553625
s__Shewanella sp029835735
s__C7867-001 sp021780575
s__Veillonella sp905214495
s__GCA-002779465 sp019309485
s__JALHFC01 sp022839445
s__Brevundimonas huaxiensis
s__Clostridium_B aromativorans
s__Limivivens merdigallinarum
s__RGIG3994 sp945485605
s__Tenacibaculum sp947495995
s__Alistipes sp900770585
s__Enterenecus avicola
s__Bacteroides pyogenes_A
s__Brevibacterium sp001815905
s__Sodaliphilus sp902786725
s__Pseudomonas_M indica
s__Phocaeicola excrementigallinarum
s__Porphyromonas sp900539155
s__Pseudomonas_E wadenswilerensis
s__Poriferisocius aerobius
s__UBA3747 sp002394025
s__Treponema_D sp002373325
s__Acidibrevibacterium sp021819535
s__JAADCS01 sp015490465
s__Alistipes sp017437045
s__Duganella zoogloeoides
s__Neisseria dentiae
s__Shouchella xiaoxiensis
s__Sulfurimonas sp026991475
s__Blautia sp900556555
s__Prevotella sp900110895
s__Methylophaga thiooxydans
s__Sulfuricaulis sp029863005
s__Vreelandella qaidamensis
s__Limivicinus sp017395085
s__Gallimonas faecavium
s__Desulfatitalea sp021819735
s__Planktophila sp903825015
s__Aeromonas rivuli
s__Dysosmobacter sp022801815
s__WO2-40-15 sp001819555
s__WGA-3G sp009839745
s__DTU089 sp017937865
s__2-02-FULL-50-16 sp001798715
s__JAMCWY01 sp023480925
s__Collinsella sp902461085
s__Moryella sp902793685
s__Polaromonas sp945878995
s__CAILUF01 sp945901265
s__Fibrobacter sp017520105
s__UBA7985 sp002708995
s__JACZVV01 sp022572465
s__Alloprevotella pullistercoris
s__Acetobacterium sp030156895
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002165575
s__Aphodomorpha sp019416935
s__Leptotrichia trevisanii
s__Rhodonellum psychrophilum
s__Pseudomonas nicosulfuronedens
s__Actinoalloteichus caeruleus
s__Pseudomonas_E viciae
s__UBA956 sp002293145
s__Paraburkholderia sp011752995
s__Enterobacter cloacae_P
s__Synechococcus_C sp000063505
s__Proteus cibi
s__PALSA-747 sp903933585
s__Psychrobacter immobilis
s__Scatovivens sp947570695
s__Flavobacterium sp943323545
s__Zag111 sp949398305
s__Eubacterium_R sp945876745
s__Paraprevotella sp900760455
s__SMXR01 sp022566215
s__UBA2252 sp002382605
s__JAKASW01 sp021818875
s__BACL27 sp945893395
s__GCA-2691145 sp002691145
s__Odoribacter sp945900015
s__CAIUWA01 sp903902745
s__JABILA01 sp018654745
s__Blautia sp900120295
s__Wolbachia sp001648025
s__Helicobacter_B sp001854545
s__CAADGG01 sp900696485
s__MWH-TA3 sp943325745
s__Ureibacillus antri
s__JABDQA01 sp013042475
s__MED-G20 sp029251405
s__Foliamicus sp009844425
s__CAG-196 sp934754655
s__Demequina sp030418305
s__UBA3824 sp002393195
s__UBA1547 sp002413425
s__Magnetobacterium sp002753685
s__UBA1234 sp959598745
s__CAJARJ01 sp903944345
s__Pseudomonas_E thermotolerans
s__Phyllobacterium trifolii
s__Cx-87 sp014529995
s__Globicatella sanguinis
s__Fusobacterium_A sp900555845
s__Polaromonas sp015752205
s__UBA7330 sp002471275
s__Rhodoferax sp903960915
s__UBA1847 sp022573655
s__CAJUPY01 sp022768005
s__UBA967 sp945863785
s__JAAZKO01 sp017992725
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903945325
s__Flavobacterium pectinovorum
s__Faecousia faecipullorum
s__UBA2962 sp002728115
s__SICJ01 sp943359555
s__Sulfuritortus sp021848725
s__Glutamicibacter mishrai
s__FB2012 sp900539835
s__Paenibacillus maysiensis
s__Secundilactobacillus malefermentans
s__Treponema sp010365865
s__M2005 sp026991225
s__UBA2868 sp002368575
s__2-02-FULL-47-50 sp001801885
s__Finniella sp903905285
s__Bog-532 sp003164955
s__RUG14240 sp902797125
s__Woeseia sp013003155
s__UBA7434 sp002726445
s__UBA3663 sp016286775
s__AC-51 sp005885035
s__UBA2487 sp021786845
s__Chlorogloeopsis fritschii
s__Bulleidia sp902775735
s__Weissella hellenica
s__Prevotella sp018053665
s__Pauljensenia sp958349165
s__UBA1559 sp001871015
s__Gemella sp004570485
s__Pelagibacter sp002101295
s__Arcanobacterium haemolyticum
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902774725
s__Halioglobus sp024234675
s__Ruegeria atlantica_G
s__Paenibacillus sp002573715
s__JARDZU01 sp025937235
s__Mycobacterium boenickei
s__UBA10025 sp001003705
s__RUG11198 sp934149245
s__Acidocella sp021781835
s__Rhodothermus marinus
s__Palsa-1447 sp003140665
s__RUG11977 sp017620375
s__Eubacterium_R sp900555015
s__WM01 sp013874835
s__Hungateiclostridium mesophilum
s__Collinsella sp900547125
s__RGIG5612 sp017536965
s__HGM11604 sp900769875
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AO
s__JAJZAK01 sp027327915
s__HO2-FULL-47-45 sp001776775
s__Pelatocladus prolificus_A
s__Companilactobacillus mishanensis
s__Fannyhessea sp947252455
s__Erysipelothrix piscisicarius
s__JAJZLV01 sp021794645
s__Pelagibacter_A sp003278125
s__XYD2-FULL-41-8 sp001771545
s__B25-G16 sp003646935
s__UBA10103 sp001781335
s__JAJZAF01 sp021799595
s__Fibrobacter sp900316465
s__Komagataeibacter nataicola
s__XYB2-FULL-36-35 sp001771505
s__SLST01 sp007127335
s__Alloprevotella sp003639005
s__BMS3Bbin01 sp002897675
s__Riesia pediculicola
s__UBA7706 sp022482735
s__Giesbergeria metamorpha
s__RGIG3566 sp017501805
s__Selenomonas_C sp934202005
s__UBA3054 sp002366995
s__SLCH01 sp007125915
s__UBA12091 sp001799485
s__UBA5938 sp002414865
s__Pelagibacter sp902619925
s__Collinsella sp900542235
s__JALRKI01 sp027592025
s__Coprococcus sp900548315
s__Lamprobacter modestohalophilus
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_D
s__SLBA01 sp007130605
s__JAPOTF01 sp026709325
s__CSSed11-175R1 sp003563915
s__UMGS1322 sp905200615
s__Pumilibacter sp022791915
s__CAG-170 sp004555655
s__CAG-1782 sp905210905
s__Prevotella sp023664625
s__Acidiphilium sp021799015
s__Parvibaculum sp017642695
s__Neisseria yangbaofengii
s__JAJYZD01 sp021800315
s__RGIG3040 sp910585715
s__JAJYBV01 sp021778805
s__Gilliamella apicola_R
s__Mycobacterium mantenii_A
s__Azorhizobium caulinodans
s__2-12-FULL-60-25 sp003576745
s__JAGKXC01 sp947457565
s__UBA10364 sp003445735
s__UBA953 sp947373115
s__UBA12465 sp903945435
s__UBA695 sp903933715
s__Quasibacillus thermotolerans
s__Brevirhabdus pacifica
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902780175
s__Limimorpha sp902801465
s__S141-55 sp015490555
s__JAHHTM01 sp029256845
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900542525
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp005799495
s__2-02-FULL-38-14 sp001772865
s__UBA1786 sp902785075
s__Aphodocola sp900771805
s__Mesorhizobium sp006440775
s__Odoribacter sp900548135
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002308935
s__Capnocytophaga leadbetteri
s__Psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
s__CAIQDA01 sp903870415
s__Alistipes sp017631255
s__UBA5518 sp903928015
s__UTPLA1 sp002050205
s__UBA3006 sp903853285
s__Bacteroides sp007896885
s__UBA9002 sp003519545
s__Microcoleus sp012034575
s__Aliidiomarina maris
s__SYHX01 sp009927485
s__Burkholderia latens
s__Acetatifactor sp022793065
s__Thiodiazotropha sp019100305
s__Telluria varians_A
s__Allofrancisella guangzhouensis
s__DTU084 sp001512905
s__Chazhemtobacterium aquaticus
s__Collinsella sp900541695
s__CAG-196 sp932182025
s__CANLOE01 sp947492745
s__J005 sp015488115
s__Microbacterium oleivorans
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicacearum_A
s__Azonexus sp012839675
s__CANNFR01 sp947503935
s__Enterousia sp937903135
s__PHOS-HE28 sp018267155
s__UBA11889 sp002715785
s__Galloscillospira_A stercoripullorum
s__Suilimivivens sp900554925
s__UBA2796 sp014879835
s__Rhodoblastus acidophilus
s__Mycobacterium shimoidei
s__Desulfocapsa sp018820855
s__Lacrimispora xylanolytica_B
s__RUG705 sp905188025
s__UBA4116 sp021201295
s__Prevotella sp902800585
s__CAIOSP01 sp903861005
s__JABDAW01 sp903844645
s__Legionella parisiensis
s__CP2-2F sp938005675
s__Porifericomes azotivorans
s__Ochrobactrum_B gambitense
s__JAJYCY01 sp021819085
s__Mariprofundus ferrooxydans
s__CAG-1782 sp944349655
s__Sideroxyarcus sp013791855
s__Phocaeicola mediterraneensis
s__CAG-582 sp949841325
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_B
s__UBA3282 sp910579285
s__Devosia_A sp903828145
s__66-474 sp001899805
s__Fen-1308 sp903822005
s__UBA9145 sp026709135
s__46-80 sp002382755
s__JAHIYE01 sp018815325
s__Brotaphodocola sp947575275
s__JAHJBY01 sp018813285
s__Collinsella sp905208345
s__SFTJ01 sp905210415
s__CALRGL01 sp943357275
s__Thermaurantiacus tibetensis
s__Manganitrophus sp028865235
s__Succinivibrio sp900317105
s__Latilactobacillus fragifolii
s__Neisseria brasiliensis
s__Sphingobium wenxiniae
s__Gordonia otitidis
s__UBA4417 sp903878265
s__Berryella sp900604965
s__Nitrospira_D sp900696515
s__Shouchella hunanensis
s__Thermodesulfobacterium sp003641645
s__Ruegeria sp017872555
s__JAJZHU01 sp021798375
s__Aureispira sp905480485
s__Eubacterium_F sp000434115
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_G
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023400235
s__JASMLU01 sp030748535
s__Vreelandella sp002966495
s__51-20 sp944390915
s__Oceanotoga teriensis
s__Brasilonema sennae
s__JAJYGF01 sp021785125
s__JACRCG01 sp903862245
s__TMED8 sp002690705
s__JASHPR01 sp030050125
s__JAHIPE01 sp018894655
s__Proteus hauseri
s__Amylibacter sp002387535
s__JABILA01 sp018650465
s__CAIKXD01 sp903831265
s__Lawsonibacter sp934659475
s__Aquitalea palustris
s__Streptomyces sp029894425
s__Limisoma sp900548875
s__JAJYKC01 sp021778335
s__CAIUKV01 sp903899845
s__Thiobacillus sp002279795
s__Sphingobacterium spiritivorum
s__Bacillus nakamurai
s__Stercorousia sp900769355
s__Roseateles depolymerans
s__Streptococcus humanilactis
s__Desulfovibrio trichonymphae
s__Spiroplasma phoeniceum
s__RF16 sp902792835
s__Thermus sp000236585
s__CG1-02-41-12 sp002787075
s__Rothia sp916720455
s__ARS69 sp002686915
s__Phocaeicola sp023415545
s__Dialister sp900314595
s__Streptomyces amritsarensis
s__UBA12151 sp000990585
s__Pseudothermotoga_B sp937995655
s__AV80 sp003169695
s__Mycobacterium neumannii
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp002299895
s__Collinsella sp900539035
s__Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus
s__2-12-FULL-43-12 sp001783065
s__CAILKO01 sp903834835
s__HIMB59 sp902621205
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187455
s__MED-G40 sp003213115
s__Palsa-1315 sp945906715
s__PALSA-747 sp947381255
s__Acidocella facilis
s__Enterocloster sp900759225
s__Bulleidia sp016812035
s__Gemmata obscuriglobus
s__AG-12 sp027313505
s__Mycobacterium alsense
s__DTU027 sp002385745
s__Hominiventricola sp910585465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902781705
s__Streptococcus oralis_Y
s__Flagellatimonas sp936928855
s__CALWPV01 sp944383515
s__MWCT01 sp002070185
s__Elstera cyanobacteriorum
s__JAJYTG01 sp028870665
s__Vallitalea guaymasensis
s__Saccharofermentans sp016288885
s__UBA1096 sp002686755
s__Prevotella sp902798285
s__Streptomyces chrestomyceticus
s__SURF-28 sp003599395
s__Sulfuritalea sp903959855
s__Thermus tengchongensis
s__UBA2161 sp002730525
s__Corynebacterium kutscheri
s__Mesorhizobium sp006439395
s__Acetobacter okinawensis
s__Malikia spinosa
s__Arthrobacter_B zhangbolii
s__Collinsella sp900758375
s__E29-bin14 sp004377355
s__Aquabacterium sp001770775
s__Alloiococcus otitis
s__Lachnoclostridium_A pullistercoris
s__Desulfotomaculum profundi
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900553605
s__Rhizorhabdus histidinilytica
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_A
s__JAKAGF01 sp021825365
s__HGW-17 sp002841825
s__JAEUPI01 sp008933545
s__Streptomyces asoensis
s__Fusobacterium_B sp020024855
s__Oharaeibacter diazotrophicus
s__Collinsella sp902475615
s__Pseudomonas_E sp006227205
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021792795
s__UBA6624 sp002716355
s__CAIYUN01 sp903929355
s__WO2-FULL-39-10 sp001792345
s__Phocaeicola faecigallinarum
s__Achromobacter sp023432075
s__SFDP01 sp900770785
s__Thermobacillus xylanilyticus
s__Lepagella sp949123685
s__Duncaniella sp910586665
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp005881595
s__Mesorhizobium loti
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp005799205
s__Collinsella sp900550825
s__UBA953 sp002470605
s__CALYQJ01 sp945273735
s__UBA12026 sp000990005
s__JAAUTN01 sp014695345
s__GCA-002784865 sp002788395
s__CAIURC01 sp903901425
s__Flavicella sp943789365
s__CAITYE01 sp903896535
s__CAKVOK01 sp934792465
s__UBA2943 sp900321295
s__Helicobacter_F sp003288805
s__Parabacteroides sp946055095
s__UMGS1202 sp900549565
s__Lacrimispora celerecrescens
s__UBA10122 sp001001185
s__UBA5862 sp002408105
s__Flavobacterium bizetiae
s__Gimesia chilikensis_A
s__Butyricicoccus sp004552245
s__Collinsella sp900752215
s__Caccovivens sp904397185
s__Sediminibacterium sp903953815
s__CAG-302 sp900549325
s__JAKAHY01 sp021812345
s__Niabella sp019316985
s__BMS3Bbin08 sp002897775
s__Microbacterium foliorum_A
s__UBA6249 sp018897555
s__CAG-196 sp900321205
s__Propionispora vibrioides
s__Parasynechococcus sp004212765
s__Tepidanaerobacter acetatoxydans_A
s__Alloprevotella sp018383375
s__UBA9611 sp009392075
s__Giesbergeria sp003096555
s__SKRC01 sp007134665
s__Anaerococcus sp027669155
s__Pelagibacter sp902616725
s__Maribacter sp020629415
s__Sutterella sp900757865
s__RAAP-2 sp021785695
s__PALSA-1295 sp030706745
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025656455
s__SZUA-152 sp011321815
s__Collinsella sp902466855
s__40CM-3-55-5 sp001918935
s__Allorhizobium daejeonense
s__Desulfobacca_B sp019309545
s__Sulfurimonas sp001829785
s__Helicobacter_G cholecystus
s__S15-B10 sp001626655
s__Lientehia sp022800815
s__JAJZMH01 sp021850365
s__Phyllobacterium calauticae
s__ZC4RG30 sp026398735
s__Mogibacterium_A sp934234035
s__PALSA-1295 sp021825235
s__Collinsella sp902364775
s__GCA-2401735 sp022599515
s__RCC307 sp012270465
s__Villigracilis sp002345215
s__LS-NOB sp018702695
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A spadix_A
s__Bacillus_P sp002858905
s__Sphingomonas yabuuchiae
s__Brevibacterium gallinarum
s__UBA967 sp903915315
s__JABMMZ01 sp013205405
s__Leucobacter aridicollis
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp007136145
s__Gemmatimonas sp017991005
s__Neorhizobium sp900469445
s__Symbiopectobacterium endolongispinus
s__UBA9145 sp012960305
s__UBA9145 sp002684935
s__MPNL01 sp002239005
s__Vulcanococcus sp903934375
s__Achromobacter_A sp016462365
s__Prevotella sp900315105
s__UBA7692 sp001897535
s__CAIZLB01 sp903933735
s__QWPT01 sp947490615
s__Defluviicoccus seviourii
s__UBA4334 sp017961965
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005880795
s__WO2-43-9 sp001818315
s__Blautia_A faecavium
s__Telluria sp014841595
s__Treponema_D sp002448445
s__Ornithinicoccus cryptoxanthini
s__Luteimonas_D sp004118975
s__Collinsella sp900556875
s__Serratia_J inhibens
s__Lepagella sp014801535
s__Sulfobium sp021787505
s__Photobacterium aphoticum
s__BAIKAL-G1-2R sp003670865
s__Streptomyces bobili
s__Cryosericum odellii
s__Ligilactobacillus pobuzihii
s__Erwinia psidii
s__Halobacillus karajensis
s__Gulosibacter sediminis
s__Hylemonella sp947374705
s__HIGHO2-12-38-15 sp001801745
s__UMGS882 sp934479825
s__RGIG1987 sp017633195
s__Ralstonia pickettii_D
s__CAIXZF01 sp903923925
s__CAJWLY01 sp913043155
s__JABHHG01 sp018671635
s__Pelagibacter sp902580835
s__Faecousia sp029258495
s__MGBC108787 sp948466395
s__Lysobacter_B sp002798195
s__Rhizorhabdus sp004297635
s__SKJO01 sp007134165
s__JABHVW01 sp018658105
s__Aliarcobacter faecis
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_F
s__GCA-2724215 sp002724215
s__Prevotella cerevisiae
s__Variovorax sp003952185
s__Thalassotalea_A sp004752005
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902780935
s__SXWH01 sp947471505
s__UBA3792 sp900318745
s__UBA1177 sp002309575
s__XYC2-FULL-35-21 sp001804705
s__Oerskovia turbata
s__Marinoscillum sp002729235
s__UBA3282 sp947073545
s__GWF sp003576945
s__JAJZKG01 sp021816845
s__Haemophilus_D sp900764435
s__Pseudomonas_E sp946886105
s__Saccharofermentans sp900313405
s__Prevotella sp017400455
s__T3Sed10-11 sp007131635
s__UBA6522 sp002434915
s__Merdousia sp944389175
s__Lepagella sp014803765
s__Chromohalobacter beijerinckii
s__Berryella sp946892075
s__UBA2093 sp947488685
s__Janthinobacterium sp002127585
s__Alcaligenes faecalis_D
s__JABEVA01 sp021790385
s__Collinsella sp900544845
s__Arthrobacter_B sp024385465
s__Faecousia sp900556935
s__Lachnospira sp945946665
s__JANYCG01 sp025358555
s__Collinsella sp900549025
s__Prevotella sp017402445
s__CAIYPH01 sp903928895
s__Eubacterium_I sp900546495
s__UBA3766 sp002369155
s__JAAZFE01 sp018432565
s__Waterburya sp938015355
s__CAG-590 sp900769115
s__WGBX01 sp015494075
s__RGIG1476 sp017632945
s__Bin55 sp009845835
s__Enterocola sp017517845
s__JAJYCY01 sp021790335
s__Rhodobaculum sp003550665
s__C7867-001 sp018970465
s__Protoclostridium sp900761765
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947651395
s__Amycolatopsis japonica
s__FEN-1250 sp025929535
s__CAINDZ01 sp903847545
s__Agarivorans sp005405585
s__Alloprevotella muciniphila
s__UBA4312 sp002394635
s__JADJVZ01 sp016716635
s__Limimorpha sp902786745
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902787295
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900582625
s__UBA9145 sp913048385
s__CAOJUB01 sp948443805
s__Brevefilum fermentans
s__Cnuibacter physcomitrellae
s__Mesorhizobium sp004010325
s__RF16 sp002373505
s__Pelagibacter sp902622545
s__Faecaligallichristensenella faecipullorum
s__Synechococcus_B spongiarum_E
s__UBA4675 sp905212395
s__UBA10906 sp903889445
s__UMGS1502 sp900552365
s__Lepagella sp014800535
s__Microbispora bryophytorum
s__Companilactobacillus bobalius
s__Prevotella sp002372235
s__Amycolatopsis rubida
s__Paracoccus solventivorans
s__Achromobacter spanius_C
s__JAGPKI01 sp018054005
s__Streptomyces sp014253015
s__Laedolimicola sp910586955
s__Firm-16 sp017513085
s__Pseudochrobactrum asaccharolyticum
s__CANIGJ01 sp947467145
s__Micromonospora oceanensis
s__Henriciella sp017642885
s__Prevotella multiformis
s__Mycobacterium celeriflavum
s__Anaerococcus lactolyticus
s__JAJYVT01 sp021845725
s__UBA1715 sp017516865
s__Enterobacter nematophilus
s__Pseudoalteromonas phenolica
s__UBA1977 sp002313355
s__Petrotoga sibirica
s__Jettenia sp021650895
s__Limnohabitans sp943325485
s__UBA8592 sp902529525
s__Granulicatella sp916438765
s__UBA12158 sp001873665
s__Prevotella sp022769285
s__AC2028 sp902790935
s__Leptonema illini
s__SXPK01 sp903925435
s__Streptomyces noursei
s__R2A130 sp905480295
s__CAG-170 sp934668295
s__JAHEFT01 sp013001885
s__JAKASW01 sp021794075
s__UBA1550 sp003489395
s__JABEUX01 sp021794175
s__OLB7 sp001567195
s__Acetobacter cibinongensis
s__GCA-2716345 sp028408365
s__Oribacterium sp900315665
s__Jeotgalicoccus nanhaiensis
s__MGBC107952 sp910578855
s__UBA9320 sp002384205
s__Marvinbryantia formatexigens
s__UBA9659 sp012961165
s__Eubacterium_F sp910577295
s__Roseburia sp900756925
s__Gallionella sp001801025
s__UBA919 sp002344425
s__UBA1179 sp017556585
s__Micrococcus flavus
s__Actinomyces sp000195595
s__Novosphingobium sp002336885
s__Prevotella sp017940545
s__Vulcanococcus limneticus
s__CAIUMM01 sp903875225
s__Halobacillus sp001592845
s__Tenacibaculum ovolyticum
s__Idiomarina sp002685255
s__Chryseobacterium gallinarum
s__Rhodococcus triatomae
s__Selenomonas_C sp900315575
s__Novosphingobium sp021782155
s__Pararhizobium sp001426665
s__Arthrobacter nitroguajacolicus
s__Pseudomonas_E gingeri_C
s__TMED27 sp002167715
s__Eubacterium_R sp900764665
s__Pseudomonas delhiensis
s__CALKXJ01 sp938003835
s__Scybalousia sp934167875
s__HIMB30 sp028339155
s__Lederbergia galactosidilytica
s__Sulfurimonas xiamenensis
s__Kosmotoga olearia
s__Pseudomonas_E morbosilactucae
s__Stutzerimonas lopnurensis
s__Streptomyces celluloflavus
s__ASP10-05a sp002336675
s__Robertmurraya methanolica_A
s__UBA1547 sp021780305
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016703005
s__HIMB59 sp902610175
s__CAIKMD01 sp903822185
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A intestinipullorum
s__CAKSIP01 sp934462825
s__Merdivicinus sp934539585
s__Merdousia sp900548275
s__Evtepia sp016295225
s__Salipiger marinus
s__Flammeovirga yaeyamensis
s__UBA729 sp002722995
s__Lysinibacillus parviboronicapiens
s__Cryptobacteroides faecavium
s__GWE2-42-24 sp001768515
s__UBA6256 sp014360195
s__JACKGU01 sp020631855
s__Alloprevotella sp000318095
s__JAABRC01 sp011391115
s__JAJXWI01 sp021781705
s__Catenibacterium sp900540665
s__CAG-557 sp948527295
s__Thermomonas sp024711415
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016718655
s__Limnohabitans sp947373245
s__Halioglobus sp002699145
s__Paracoccus alcaliphilus
s__UM-FILTER-36-11 sp002781265
s__CAIZLB01 sp943356525
s__DTU018 sp001513155
s__Collinsella sp900541875
s__Mannheimia haemolytica_A
s__Desulfovibrio sp016284885
s__JABIBU01 sp018652595
s__UBA11398 sp009699465
s__RUG592 sp900317815
s__Methylophilus sp001424665
s__Paraburkholderia sp013426895
s__Alistipes sp900761235
s__Lampropedia schreckenbergeri
s__Streptomyces gossypiisoli
s__Bifidobacterium magnum
s__GCA-002717915 sp002717915
s__UBA3830 sp902771535
s__BMS3Abin05 sp002898015
s__RF16 sp017964045
s__UBA952 sp009924735
s__Enterosoma sp900316035
s__Faecalibacterium sp934525845
s__UMGS1668 sp017399625
s__Bosea sp001898115
s__Latilactobacillus fuchuensis
s__RGIG8482 sp022797145
s__Hylemonella sp002342165
s__UBA2990 sp002347025
s__RGIG4057 sp910579615
s__JAAFHB01 sp026391295
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp002279935
s__VBAS01 sp005798905
s__UMGS1663 sp947642455
s__Fen-671 sp003166025
s__JABAAE01 sp905480545
s__Sediminibacterium sp903862505
s__Pseudoscilispira falkowii
s__Saccharofermentans sp017428155
s__Duganella rivuli
s__Prevotella sp900316475
s__Microbacterium wangchenii
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_Q
s__CAG-877 sp900753325
s__UMGS2016 sp944332375
s__Flagellimonas sp017795065
s__Roseivivax marinus
s__Pullichristensenella excrementipullorum
s__Defluviilinea sp002050275
s__Acetatifactor sp900772845
s__Limadaptatus sp900545885
s__UBA970 sp002292805
s__RUG714 sp900321665
s__Anaerocolumna chitinilytica
s__Enterosoma sp002404835
s__RGIG6518 sp017531315
s__HKST-UBA178 sp024235175
s__Thermovirga lienii
s__Paenibacillus_A rhizolycopersici
s__T3SED10-260 sp003566815
s__Egerieousia sp015060445
s__SXOD01 sp005776885
s__Prevotella sp001553265
s__Butyricicoccus sp900604335
s__ASP10-02a sp018647765
s__Desulfamplus sp015232465
s__SXYR01 sp903894575
s__Nanosynbacter sp905370345
s__Streptococcus mitis_CE
s__Basfia succiniciproducens
s__UBA5456 sp023228285
s__Rubrivivax sp947453725
s__Eubacterium_Q sp003520105
s__CAIQDX01 sp903830285
s__Bin5 sp002238445
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_W
s__Carbonactinospora thermoautotrophica
s__RUG11797 sp015068345
s__JAKBUF01 sp021814445
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp022792495
s__Hansschlegelia beijingensis
s__CAIYZJ01 sp947455995
s__RECH01 sp016888135
s__Hominicoprocola sp900556145
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016713875
s__JAJZAV01 sp021799255
s__Chthonomonas calidirosea
s__Fannyhessea sp946997485
s__Multivorans thiocomprendens
s__Methylotenera_A sp002083635
s__Micrococcus cohnii
s__JABISG01 sp018699955
s__CAIYMF01 sp009699025
s__UBA7985 sp002711265
s__Mycobacterium wolinskyi
s__Faecousia sp900548795
s__Rhodoluna sp947455385
s__Macrococcus_B goetzii
s__JACZQV01 sp022545545
s__RAAP-2 sp021793515
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AE
s__JADKAV01 sp016719135
s__Mesorhizobium sp006442205
s__Agrobacterium sp900012615
s__Flavobacterium sp947483075
s__Pigmentiphaga sp009360345
s__Mesobacillus oceanisediminis_A
s__M0103 sp947470515
s__Nodosilinea antarctica
s__Rhodopila sp903932145
s__Devosia_A sp001899085
s__JABEUX01 sp021845615
s__Merdicola sp905200315
s__Lactobacillus ultunensis
s__Caccousia stercoris
s__Enterococcus dunnyi
s__T1Sed10-49 sp003553795
s__UMGS1994 sp900556975
s__2-01-FULL-46-13 sp001778545
s__Streptomyces xiamenensis
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp016297265
s__UBA4644 sp017394205
s__Entomospira culicis
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea
s__Quinella sp015206805
s__Lepagella sp014801585
s__Limimorpha sp900315175
s__Cupriavidus sp023952475
s__Sphingomonas sp024072375
s__Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens_D
s__Siminovitchia fordii
s__Pelagibacter sp902524345
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902766985
s__GCA-2402195 sp945865485
s__CALLQB01 sp938015295
s__CAKSFT01 sp934444735
s__Mesorhizobium sp006439515
s__Actinoplanes teichomyceticus
s__Shewanella morhuae
s__Acinetobacter sp000632455
s__W0P33-017 sp934351445
s__Haemophilus_A parahaemolyticus_B
s__UBA5078 sp945877175
s__UBA952 sp943324565
s__Giesbergeria sp001770955
s__Salipiger sp001687105
s__Rhodanobacter sp001898415
s__Faecalibacterium sp014858325
s__UBA5359 sp028685295
s__UBA3478 sp011525015
s__Streptococcus oralis_E
s__Arthrobacter_B caoxuetaonis
s__SXWH01 sp903882875
s__Zooshikella ganghwensis
s__UBA7441 sp002862945
s__Mailhella sp905192935
s__CAG-590 sp900548855
s__Stutzerimonas kirkiae
s__Collinsella sp900547855
s__Metabacillus halosaccharovorans
s__Acidithiobacillus sp021839095
s__Chelatococcus asaccharovorans
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002323995
s__XYC2-FULL-41-22 sp001788795
s__Ligilactobacillus sp900765635
s__RUG14156 sp910577635
s__Mesorhizobium sp001899205
s__CAIJNA01 sp020719775
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002113045
s__SKXS01 sp007128345
s__Streptococcus infantis_M
s__UBA12393 sp001002765
s__Streptomyces misionensis
s__UBA9145 sp019654215
s__Sphingomonas leidyi
s__Clostridium sp900547475
s__Sphingobium sp018823325
s__UBA1711 sp900318665
s__Luminiphilus sp902520195
s__Clostridium_R vitabionis
s__Thermovibrio guaymasensis
s__JAMDCX01 sp021808105
s__Aureisphaera sp004356305
s__2-01-FULL-39-24 sp001789445
s__UBA4997 sp002398485
s__Enterosoma sp022780765
s__UBA2883 sp002481545
s__Clostridium_H thermopalmarium
s__Streptomyces chryseus
s__Neorhizobium rhizoryzae
s__UBA1221 sp900770525
s__Thiomonas sp021807445
s__UBA737 sp900547445
s__Neisseria sp000952795
s__JAJXWR01 sp021848605
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp005793785
s__JALELF01 sp022771715
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002814235
s__Blautia avicola
s__2-12-FULL-40-28 sp001798135
s__Desulfobacula sp018821715
s__Stercorousia sp900555175
s__Neorhizobium petrolearium
s__Streptomyces pluripotens
s__Arsenophonus nilaparvatae
s__UBA952 sp002293045
s__JABEVD01 sp021848825
s__UBA10906 sp903847275
s__Burkholderia singularis
s__Traorella massiliensis
s__Coprosoma sp947364595
s__RGIG4079 sp017399915
s__Bacteroides reticulotermitis
s__Caulobacter sp002280875
s__Enterococcus_A pallens
s__Herbaspirillum sp000261365
s__Blautia_A sp029257805
s__JABEVB01 sp021780285
s__Pullibacteroides excrementavium
s__Campylobacter_D lari_E
s__Marinobacter daepoensis
s__ZC4RG30 sp947453065
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900757795
s__UBA1217 sp017522065
s__Phycicoccus jejuensis
s__JAJYVT01 sp021803085
s__Borkfalkia sp944328905
s__Rhodoferax sp903896425
s__UBA6154 sp017857175
s__Pauljensenia sp001072465
s__Clostridium_L simiarum
s__Vreelandella profundi
s__Roseburia sp900548205
s__Limivicinus sp022782265
s__M0103 sp943327315
s__Mycobacterium helveticum
s__Brachyspira hampsonii
s__UBA3792 sp902792295
s__Pseudomonas_E composti
s__Firm-04 sp017550285
s__2-02-FULL-38-14-A sp001790855
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021789605
s__Dialister sp900759415
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903870955
s__Schlesneria sp903834925
s__CAIZWU01 sp943331195
s__Borreliella americana
s__QEVD01 sp013359425
s__Budvicia aquatica
s__Timburyella sp900554165
s__TMED-70 sp008373205
s__UBA1367 sp900314645
s__Sutterella sp905198475
s__B14-G9 sp015486075
s__Ligilactobacillus equi
s__Hoeflea alexandrii
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum umeaense
s__JACRCG01 sp903925005
s__UMGS1908 sp934772525
s__CAG-269 sp014846485
s__JAQUSN01 sp028715115
s__Gracilibacillus lacisalsi
s__Collinsella sp905209455
s__Bartonella berkhoffii
s__Mycobacterium sp001510415
s__Nitrospira_D sp019636875
s__Chitinibacter tainanensis
s__Thermodesulfatator_A sp015494065
s__Prevotella sp902776545
s__WHTF01 sp025924215
s__JAJZHK01 sp021804565
s__Polaribacter reichenbachii
s__Angelakisella massiliensis
s__MGBC108787 sp949025205
s__JABHLN01 sp018693105
s__CANBDL01 sp947367345
s__Acididesulfobacter sp021845685
s__UBA952 sp945863425
s__UBA5456 sp023228125
s__SXUL01 sp005790545
s__Kaistella sp002205795
s__Novosphingobium sp903832325
s__Varibaculum massiliense
s__Alloprevotella sp944322095
s__Cryobacterium psychrotolerans
s__Moorella sp006538365
s__UBA6192 sp024710405
s__T78 sp002409365
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902803715
s__RUG472 sp902801845
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_A
s__Peribacillus asahii_A
s__Maricaulis sp017643585
s__VMFF01 sp021842385
s__VXNF01 sp009835395
s__Deinococcus geothermalis
s__Novosphingobium sp001898925
s__Chordicoccus sp900320575
s__Roseovarius indicus
s__JAQVQN01 sp028707675
s__UBA4372 sp023665805
s__XYB1-FULL-32-11 sp903854535
s__Eubacterium_Q sp000702245
s__Eisenbergiella intestinipullorum
s__Hakubella thermalkaliphila
s__Fusicatenibacter sp900772675
s__Eubacterium_F sp003453515
s__JAHISY01 sp021779375
s__CAIKLP01 sp903828245
s__HIMB30 sp902528165
s__Teredinibacter turnerae_B
s__JAGNDO01 sp018003515
s__Bacillus_J andreraoultii
s__RUG563 sp902795275
s__Lachnoclostridium_A stercorigallinarum
s__Collinsella sp900541685
s__Duncaniella sp014801945
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AJ
s__Cyanobium sp014191755
s__Fusobacterium nucleatum_J
s__Leptotrichia sp018128225
s__UBA3857 sp017539215
s__RUG14215 sp934729465
s__Bruticola sp900313515
s__Rossellomorea marisflavi
s__Olivibacter jilunii
s__Planococcus sp002833405
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900318495
s__Buchananella hordeovulneris
s__Azospirillum melinis
s__T78 sp002399085
s__JADFGZ01 sp022567475
s__Limimorpha sp017531225
s__SHZC01 sp009692505
s__Dokdonella_A sp002632325
s__Collinsella sp900541245
s__CAJAWW01 sp903946745
s__UMGS124 sp934654475
s__Pusillimonas noertemannii
s__UBA3633 sp002392345
s__Syntrophosphaera sp020532085
s__Streptococcus sp900550895
s__UMGS1663 sp947577025
s__Paracoccus hibiscisoli
s__Allorhizobium vitis_D
s__JAFDHD01 sp019306365
s__Snodgrassella alvi_D
s__MED-G13 sp002691265
s__Sphingobacterium daejeonense
s__JAKBAE01 sp021809325
s__Enterobacter_D sp001888805
s__Ruminococcus_C sp910579955
s__Cyanobium_A sp002252665
s__UMGS1071 sp934476545
s__Streptomyces incarnatus_A
s__Saccharofermentans sp946403085
s__CAIZDL01 sp903931735
s__Coprovivens excrementavium
s__Acutalibacter sp905215055
s__Oleidesulfovibrio alaskensis
s__Oceaniferula sp002292185
s__UBA5004 sp001824255
s__UBA12465 sp028705215
s__Halobacillus litoralis_B
s__Rhodopila sp903851415
s__Arthrobacter_B sp020907415
s__2-02-FULL-39-32 sp001800135
s__21-14-all-39-27 sp002786715
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_D
s__JJ008 sp002342205
s__CAIXHP01 sp903919315
s__NCEH01 sp002257205
s__Stercoripulliclostridium merdipullorum
s__Helcococcus ovis
s__CAG-465 sp944388565
s__Azonexus hydrophilus
s__Acinetobacter brisouii
s__BMS3ABIN06 sp002897895
s__Lentimicrobium sp023434665
s__Marinicauda pacifica
s__Sideroxyarcus sp002787455
s__Hydrogenobacter thermophilus
s__UBA7173 sp900552325
s__Curtobacterium oceanosedimentum
s__CAADGU01 sp013112725
s__UBA2206 sp001784805
s__Peptostreptococcus stomatis
s__S140-46 sp015491585
s__Psychrobacter sanguinis_A
s__Edaphobacter sp021780315
s__Eisenbergiella sp904392525
s__UBA1447 sp002069695
s__CAG-177 sp016297555
s__Alloprevotella sp000438115
s__HTCC2207 sp943846685
s__Fournierella merdipullorum
s__UBA1096 sp002708005
s__Zobellia galactanivorans
s__SZUA-152 sp015487095
s__Sphingobacterium hotanense
s__Ferrithrix sp021784785
s__Chordicoccus sp900320615
s__Planktomarina sp905181815
s__GWA2-45-9 sp021811055
s__UBA4781 sp012798455
s__Muricomes fissicatena_A
s__GCA-2700365 sp002700365
s__Nocardia cyriacigeorgica_D
s__Galbitalea sp025465535
s__Myxococcus vastator
s__Bulleidia sp900319505
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903887415
s__Flavobacterium sp001429295
s__GWF2-33-10 sp001788835
s__Gallibacterium salpingitidis
s__GCA-2707915 sp016777005
s__Proteiniphilum saccharofermentans
s__JAEDLN01 sp016295275
s__Allorhizobium rosettiformans
s__XYC2-FULL-46-14 sp001771585
s__Pseudoclavibacter helvolus
s__Eubacterium_R sp900539165
s__Avimuribaculum sp944321705
s__Legionella_C spiritensis
s__Lawsonibacter sp022799835
s__Mucilaginibacter sp001898335
s__F23-D06 sp900315245
s__Slackia sp900553775
s__Spongiisocius variivorans
s__CAIXPS01 sp021813225
s__Sutterella sp900770335
s__Aestuariivirga sp945889445
s__CAIPTY01 sp021779135
s__Acidocella sp002255575
s__Acetomicrobium flavidum
s__Avoscillospira stercorigallinarum
s__UBA868 sp002694065
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021800805
s__Gemmiger sp904390925
s__PB-SRB1 sp003500125
s__UBA7173 sp004557825
s__Limimorpha sp902787095
s__Pelagibacter sp003216255
s__Aldehydirespirator sp026708645
s__JAJZWV01 sp021820465
s__Phocaeicola sp020026175
s__Prevotella saccharolytica
s__Gallionella sp903861075
s__Aquaticitalea lipolytica
s__JAKAHY01 sp021780155
s__UBA11889 sp002313255
s__Stutzerimonas sp018823765
s__Pelagisphaera sp002694885
s__Cyanobium sp943324725
s__UBA6345 sp002437945
s__Laceyella tengchongensis
s__HGM12619 sp900753195
s__RGVZ01 sp947479535
s__Acinetobacter sp000369405
s__UBA9145 sp002172295
s__Megasphaera cerevisiae
s__Ventricola sp017436605
s__Afipia felis
s__UBA3789 sp934140575
s__Acinetobacter harbinensis
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007123575
s__CAG-411 sp902795895
s__Paenibacillus_J kyungheensis
s__Pseudaminobacter sp900116595
s__Bradyrhizobium zhengyangense
s__Collinsella sp900551195
s__JANXAZ01 sp937926445
s__UBA4765 sp021732205
s__Limadaptatus sp944349635
s__Kosakonia pseudosacchari
s__UBA1140 sp027014605
s__JAJZBZ01 sp021851335
s__RGIG8482 sp948471055
s__Poriferisodalis sp022820505
s__Aquidulcibacter sp001602435
s__QOAL01 sp026992735
s__Sulfobacillus thermotolerans
s__RFTU01 sp009923315
s__JAGOEX01 sp017997475
s__Sutterella sp900764215
s__VBCG01 sp018971195
s__Collinsella sp902363125
s__Limivicinus sp900549545
s__UBA10438 sp947495975
s__1XD8-76 sp910577955
s__GCF-002259525 sp002259525
s__GWB1-41-6 sp000997355
s__UBA2093 sp026393575
s__JABGQW01 sp018648585
s__Streptococcus sp024295625
s__M3007 sp937934275
s__Streptococcus mitis_BF
s__UBA1384 sp002305395
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016287875
s__Collinsella sp902465845
s__Jiulongibacter sediminis
s__Microbulbifer celer
s__Limosilactobacillus reuteri_F
s__UBA3402 sp022798105
s__Limnohabitans sp005789825
s__Enterousia sp902802115
s__UBA3305 sp002373555
s__JAHJSM01 sp018830295
s__Coprenecus stercoripullorum
s__GWA2-44-9 sp001794215
s__DTU013 sp002386045
s__Mesobacillus stamsii
s__Vogesella indigofera_A
s__Desulfosporosinus sp002413075
s__Lepagella sp014800895
s__Streptomyces canus
s__Roseburia_D sp002299665
s__Scatenecus sp944325605
s__JAJZYO01 sp021787365
s__Mediterraneibacter intestinipullorum
s__Ruminococcus sp910584195
s__Tenacibaculum_A aquimarinum
s__Collinsella sp900554655
s__Corynebacterium sp025144025
s__Xanthomonas hydrangeae
s__UBA8518 sp903841185
s__Lancefieldella sp916048235
s__QGON01 sp011947365
s__CAJFUH01 sp904420155
s__Marinobacter psychrophilus
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_V
s__Sulfurovum sp015493425
s__Blautia_A sp958367245
s__JADJLO01 sp016710075
s__Limnobaculum xujianqingii
s__Veillonella sp003463825
s__Bacteroides sp900556215
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900540345
s__Telluria violaceinigra
s__JACRCG01 sp021781535
s__Lepagella sp900547755
s__UBA9926 sp016779565
s__CAISIP01 sp024236015
s__JACDET01 sp021784535
s__Mumia sp019550915
s__Streptomyces tirandamycinicus
s__CALHSA01 sp938038205
s__Lactobacillus sp945290125
s__Terrimonas sp937888905
s__CSP1-5 sp001643535
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp009699125
s__Prevotella sp016302965
s__Rickettsia sp027293795
s__Tatlockia maceachernii
s__CAIXSC01 sp903921945
s__Kocuria carniphila
s__Psychrobacter fozii
s__Stutzerimonas nosocomialis
s__GCA-002718515 sp018701395
s__Glutamicibacter creatinolyticus
s__Collinsella sp937925265
s__DTU019 sp002398825
s__Bacteroides luhongzhouii
s__Cytobacillus horneckiae
s__UBA6448 sp002439555
s__Rhodoferax sp903894475
s__CAIKKG01 sp021814835
s__2-01-FULL-51-34 sp001820785
s__Desulfotomaculum ruminis
s__UBA4372 sp015060555
s__Pygmaiobacter sp023460035
s__MGBC163016 sp947650915
s__Foliamicus sp026708965
s__UBA2170 sp002436205
s__Lenti-01 sp002304915
s__Balnearium sp015490195
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp902510655
s__GCA-2683775 sp002683775
s__Alistipes megaguti
s__GWA2-42-15 sp000998185
s__Lentihominibacter sp022763735
s__Leptospira gomenensis
s__JACDBZ01 sp025937535
s__Onthomonas sp021201185
s__Nocardioides sp025937085
s__MGBC122484 sp910577515
s__UBA7430 sp002478765
s__GCA-002782225 sp002787295
s__UBA4408 sp016718805
s__Parafrankia irregularis
s__UBA3937 sp002385735
s__Prevotella sp013333285
s__Thiobacillus sp002256995
s__Streptomyces angustmyceticus
s__Aphodousia sp905201055
s__Capnocytophaga stomatis
s__Sedimenticola thiotaurini_A
s__RUG11142 sp902766215
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_O
s__SKOM01 sp007120095
s__UBA8108 sp003509045
s__Mycobacterium fallax
s__CAIYPD01 sp903891415
s__Mycobacterium hiberniae
s__Chryseobacterium sp013184525
s__UBA12202 sp027593125
s__Prevotella sp002407775
s__RAAP-2 sp021782915
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030653975
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp030408135
s__Johnsonella sp900766185
s__Agromyces mediolanus
s__RGIG7150 sp030265965
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900320385
s__Helicobacter_G avistercoris
s__B26-G2 sp003647715
s__Wolbachia sp007115015
s__Thiomonas sp021808525
s__Streptomyces filamentosus
s__JABEUT01 sp903901055
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp002713975
s__Tous-C4FEB sp945882935
s__UBA952 sp947460825
s__Collinsella aerofaciens
s__Tatlockia lansingensis
s__RUG410 sp900313155
s__Moraxella canis
s__Vagococcus sp003462485
s__Reyranella aquatilis
s__Bovifimicola sp900314555
s__Sphingomonas adhaesiva
s__UBA9973 sp001785675
s__JAKAPL01 sp021807105
s__Desulfobacula sp018821535
s__UMGS1663 sp949927585
s__SIG32 sp944323995
s__Anoxybacillus tengchongensis
s__Marinomonas arctica
s__Vescimonas sp934565655
s__Collinsella sp900542325
s__JACKJK01 sp020637985
s__GCA-002718515 sp012965315
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AF
s__Aminiphilus sp002425685
s__UBA2199 sp018897435
s__QNZT01 sp024762235
s__AG-12 sp021791455
s__SAT37 sp002706605
s__Micromonospora chokoriensis
s__UBA3282 sp934401915
s__RUG806 sp017439205
s__Prevotella sp900107705
s__Ga0077550 sp016709225
s__Flavobacterium davisii
s__Mycobacterium cosmeticum
s__Prosthecobacter debontii_B
s__Collinsella sp900541785
s__Enterococcus_C songbeiensis
s__Heteroruminococcus faecigallinarum
s__Cereibacter changlensis
s__Atelocyanobacterium thalassa
s__CAJFUR01 sp904420575
s__Providencia rettgeri_E
s__UBA927 sp002433895
s__SURF-10 sp018819925
s__UBA2330 sp002344965
s__PXDC01 sp003558065
s__Cardinium sp022810445
s__Enterosoma sp900539865
s__Danuiimicrobium aquiferis
s__LD21 sp002428385
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_B
s__UBA1254 sp900313355
s__Dichelobacter nodosus
s__Collinsella sp900553935
s__Pseudomonas_E petrae
s__Choladousia sp900757145
s__Staphylococcus muscae
s__RUG626 sp900320765
s__Streptomyces curacoi
s__Rhodothermus marinus_A
s__Sulfuricurvum sp000310245
s__CALHGZ01 sp938031175
s__Lysobacter sp001428685
s__Phocaeicola sp900551445
s__JAAXHV01 sp028819495
s__Gilliamella apicola_P
s__Halalkalibacterium halodurans
s__Pelagibacter sp902560685
s__Pseudacidobacterium ailaaui
s__Bact-08 sp023230265
s__Acidovorax carolinensis
s__Shewanella sp021462625
s__Komagataeibacter xylinus
s__Simkania negevensis
s__Acidovorax sp001428665
s__Faecousia sp022777455
s__Desemzia incerta
s__JAJZVS01 sp021826565
s__M2005 sp015493675
s__Bacteroides bouchesdurhonensis
s__Lachnospira sp002394205
s__Actinomyces israelii
s__Accumulibacter sp014879755
s__CALLYA01 sp937875495
s__Vreelandella janggokensis
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_R
s__CAG-269 sp904419495
s__Collinsella sp900755685
s__UBA9926 sp018666555
s__Megasphaera sp900554215
s__Haematobacter missouriensis
s__GCA-2746605 sp020635275
s__2-01-FULL-46-13 sp001778905
s__UBA1328 sp002306745
s__Thiohalocapsa sp003525925
s__UBA2284 sp003518475
s__Sherwoodlollariibacterium sp028710685
s__Collinsella sp900545615
s__UBA9910 sp003561215
s__Acutalibacter sp947572385
s__Paenacidovorax sp001725235
s__Akkermansia sp905200945
s__UBA4372 sp002394305
s__Sideroxyarcus sp018819205
s__JALEVB01 sp022780745
s__Xiamenia xianingshaonis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000261685
s__Caccoplasma sp905210875
s__Ruminococcus sp021200415
s__JABJES01 sp018663165
s__Anaeroglobus vaginalis
s__Malacoplasma_A girerdii
s__Campylobacter sp017506845
s__BS503 sp023271215
s__Billgrantia sulfidoxydans
s__CAG-582 sp900760845
s__CAIMUS01 sp903844665
s__UBA10119 sp001787405
s__Rikenella massiliensis
s__Tous-C4FEB sp945906965
s__Enterococcus_E columbae
s__CANFOZ01 sp947448795
s__Mxb001 sp903909555
s__Paludibacter sp009929375
s__Schleiferilactobacillus perolens
s__JAFAHS01 sp021799555
s__Aliarcobacter trophiarum
s__SLMJ01 sp007124395
s__UBA3282 sp934418125
s__Rubrivivax sp018971105
s__EC70 sp902510815
s__SLLG01 sp007123395
s__Porcincola sp902779575
s__Suilimivivens sp949878435
s__66-474 sp021781345
s__SXOB01 sp005776945
s__Faecisoma sp017887425
s__Mycobacterium sp903877095
s__Casp-actino8 sp903872155
s__Nocardia asiatica
s__Treponema_D sp017934745
s__JACRCG01 sp903845365
s__AV133 sp003219265
s__Avimuribaculum sp944321865
s__GCA-002712045 sp905182165
s__Pantoea vagans_C
s__Intestinimonas merdavium
s__Listeria_A rocourtiae
s__Chryseobacterium culicis_A
s__Udaeobacter sp003219945
s__Micropelagos thuwalensis
s__Cocleimonas sp937974135
s__Fructilactobacillus florum
s__Roseburia sp022771695
s__CAG-877 sp934157235
s__Marinitoga piezophila
s__Streptococcus sp013277555
s__DTU072 sp001512685
s__ZC4RG30 sp016720075
s__Collinsella sp900754385
s__UBA965 sp903932805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902787255
s__Bacteroides_F sp945865495
s__UBA964 sp024234075
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp002437415
s__Monoglobus sp900554105
s__Chryseobacterium viscerum
s__UBA12465 sp001871165
s__Odoribacter sp900541415
s__CAIRCN01 sp903877135
s__Reyranella aerosaccus_B
s__Collinsella sp905213265
s__UBA1234 sp934132775
s__Acididesulfobacter sp021794475
s__Pseudoalteromonas aurantia
s__HGM11386 sp022791055
s__Lysobacter soli
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp002280855
s__GCA-2746365 sp015488295
s__Parabacteroides intestinavium
s__UBA12086 sp001871445
s__UBA12578 sp030747115
s__Gallispira edinburgensis
s__Pyramidobacter sp002007215
s__Olleya sp002323495
s__SKLM01 sp007123205
s__Actinomyces glycerinitolerans
s__S144-17 sp015494395
s__JAJXXT01 sp021847175
s__DMER64 sp002427525
s__Ruminococcus sp900545125
s__JAHIHE01 sp018899995
s__SXLG01 sp009885395
s__Desulfonatronospira sp003553695
s__Dietzia psychralcaliphila
s__Rhizobium etli_C
s__MWDV01 sp002070715
s__QWPT01 sp903918555
s__Pradoshia sp001685035
s__FEB-7 sp019634955
s__Shimwellia blattae
s__2-01-FULL-45-33 sp001778875
s__Thermodesulfovibrio thiophilus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902762435
s__Macrococcus_B sp019357535
s__SXQI01 sp005793025
s__UBA3855 sp002392545
s__Paenibacillus_B melissococcoides
s__Streptomyces chartreusis_D
s__Sinorhizobium americanum
s__Succinivibrio hippei_A
s__ELB16-189 sp018267275
s__Thiobius zoothamnicola
s__Brevundimonas subvibrioides_C
s__Casp-actino5 sp937897105
s__UBA845 sp002711995
s__RGIG7926 sp016282215
s__Geovibrio ferrireducens
s__Thermoanaerobacterium butyriciformans
s__Treponema_D sp900317625
s__JAJXZP01 sp021779995
s__Leptospira_A bourretii
s__ISDg sp902798585
s__Peptacetobacter sp029264495
s__VFJN01 sp009886035
s__Patiriisocius sp943789105
s__UBA12078 sp000991805
s__VSJD01 sp018896395
s__Xanthomonas arboricola_B
s__UBA12411 sp003511165
s__UBA2202 sp002327905
s__Salinicola sp002695065
s__EC70 sp002705125
s__Moryella sp002892395
s__Limosilactobacillus excrementigallinarum
s__Rhodococcus corynebacterioides
s__Mediterraneibacter excrementavium
s__Pseudoclavibacter_A sp008831235
s__Aeromonas sanarellii
s__RGVD01 sp903907885
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AK
s__UBA11657 sp002296125
s__RUG591 sp902797275
s__Borkfalkia sp003343765
s__Lentiprolixibacter sp013041785
s__Stutzerimonas sp004331835
s__JAJOKN01 sp021129815
s__Flavicella sp002477565
s__Eubacterium_G sp948560485
s__BCD18 sp013112545
s__Spyradosoma sp004558035
s__Intestinimonas timonensis
s__Agarivorans albus
s__UBA8498 sp001773135
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_U
s__DTU083 sp001512915
s__SLHU01 sp009929975
s__UBA1740 sp934432675
s__UBA1067 sp002371755
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_G
s__Planktophila sp903852815
s__Pullilachnospira intestinigallinarum
s__Limnohabitans_A sp030729445
s__Frankia alni
s__Dysosmobacter sp017469475
s__Porcincola sp902799015
s__JAJXWR01 sp021781515
s__UBA10908 sp012729355
s__Pseudomonas_E cremoris
s__Stieleria lacunae
s__UBA2466 sp002342225
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra_D
s__Rothia sp029850875
s__SG8-38 sp019309605
s__Pseudomonas_E koreensis_A
s__Rickettsia helvetica_A
s__SCQM01 sp021785315
s__Mycobacterium terrae
s__UBA2336 sp002425185
s__Anaerobutyricum sp900754855
s__Egerieicola sp019416775
s__JAADJD01 sp015485355
s__Cellulomonas persica
s__Granulosicoccus sp020627685
s__Paenibacillus_J nuruki
s__Pseudomonas_E wayambapalatensis
s__SLTB01 sp007122315
s__Pedobacter agri
s__Scatocola sp934273635
s__RGIG5021 sp017479935
s__Halioglobus japonicus
s__JABHKC01 sp018692315
s__JAKAJX01 sp021824855
s__Trichlorobacter lovleyi
s__Raineya sp938002655
s__RUG695 sp902766935
s__JAAXHH01 sp009838645
s__Plantibacter sp001423185
s__Stenomitos sp014380065
s__CAKVOU01 sp934525675
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002113165
s__JAJYTV01 sp021792885
s__RGIG9608 sp017456885
s__MWCZ01 sp002070295
s__Oenococcus sicerae
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_O
s__UBA8437 sp002724415
s__Collinsella sp900754435
s__Holdemanella sp900754615
s__PUPG01 sp007122505
s__Mobiluncus porci
s__Lentilactobacillus otakiensis
s__Scardovia inopinata
s__Hydrogenobaculum sp000213785
s__Gracilibacillus dipsosauri
s__UBA4421 sp004213835
s__Streptomyces sp001865245
s__HGM11367 sp900767835
s__JAIBCD01 sp947470105
s__JACKBK01 sp020634555
s__SHLJ01 sp013003555
s__JAHJIW01 sp018823125
s__RUG11867 sp910583745
s__CAG-873 sp900550395
s__Enterocloster sp900555905
s__Tatlockia jamestowniensis
s__GCA-002701455 sp002701455
s__Mediterraneibacter merdavium
s__Treponema_D sp016288205
s__JAJZTU01 sp021848765
s__UMGS1611 sp900553435
s__JAJZFK01 sp021805405
s__Streptococcus sp902463925
s__Pseudomonas_E faucium
s__JAKAEX01 sp021818075
s__UBA11791 sp012960345
s__RF16 sp002310195
s__Aliarcobacter defluvii
s__Fluviicola riflensis
s__Sphingobacterium sp002500745
s__Lacrimispora sphenoides_A
s__UBA10066 sp003448535
s__RH-AL1 sp901457705
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900581005
s__Streptococcus oralis_G
s__UMGS995 sp900769695
s__Baileyella timonense
s__Janibacter indicus
s__Acetatifactor sp023664345
s__UBA1248 sp902773455
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900320545
s__Stenotrophomonas nitritireducens
s__JAJZMA01 sp021850405
s__JAAXHV01 sp026709915
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903864275
s__Tetragenococcus muriaticus
s__JAAYCB01 sp012744395
s__Hydrogenimonas sp015484905
s__UBA11650 sp002708395
s__GCA-2730975 sp018695085
s__JAHITL01 sp018817545
s__Pseudohoeflea sp002707605
s__UBA2277 sp903884375
s__UBA5364 sp002410935
s__Sulfobium sp021783515
s__Avibacteroides faecavium
s__Halomonas alimentaria
s__Scatovivens sp947647595
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp016901735
s__HGM05376 sp900769785
s__Coproplasma excrementipullorum
s__UBA8316 sp002364535
s__UBA953 sp947377865
s__Micromonospora rifamycinica
s__Pseudomonas_E sp018827205
s__Marinisoma sp000402655
s__Stutzerimonas decontaminans
s__Ornithinicoccus sp023923225
s__UBA7239 sp002333095
s__Polynucleobacter sp903875135
s__UBA10908 sp028692535
s__Sulfurovum sp027019175
s__Halomonas heilongjiangensis
s__Paenibacillus_F sp000411255
s__VBAS01 sp025923075
s__Lacticaseibacillus chiayiensis
s__SIAJ01 sp009691845
s__UBA2206 sp003483065
s__Vreelandella ventosae_B
s__Lentilactobacillus parakefiri
s__Methylopumilus planktonicus_A
s__Limimorpha sp902758265
s__Desulfobacillus sp011526165
s__UMGS1264 sp904399395
s__SOIY01 sp004376785
s__CAG-269 sp904384245
s__Porphyromonas_A sp900554935
s__Velamenicoccus sp002421805
s__Hominimerdicola sp902788785
s__GCA-001735895 sp027293245
s__Amphritea sp018223185
s__JANWVO01 sp026002875
s__Chryseobacterium geocarposphaerae
s__UBA2143 sp002685955
s__Onthousia excrementipullorum
s__UBA1063 sp002316275
s__Hydrotalea sp021824365
s__Udaeobacter sp003218755
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024683255
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910588315
s__M3007 sp020636045
s__Alcanivorax profundi
s__Microbacterium enclense
s__Lysobacter sp018612875
s__Malacoplasma_A sp900316595
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_N
s__Fredricksoniimonas sp903836515
s__Luteolibacter sp905478925
s__UBA3206 sp002363705
s__Anaeropeptidivorans aminofermentans
s__ER46 sp945871085
s__HIMB59 sp902522155
s__UBA1359 sp022705845
s__Acetobacter oeni
s__Jutongia sp934351255
s__Scatenecus sp944326525
s__Alistipes sp015059905
s__MED-G52 sp002711145
s__UBA2463 sp030834045
s__Oribacterium sp002371295
s__Alectryocaccobium sp900772685
s__Agrobacterium burrii
s__Nocardia elegans
s__Alginatibacterium sediminis
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_M
s__UBA2226 sp018821925
s__Frackibacter sp900114655
s__UBA3125 sp002726315
s__Dialister sp900765565
s__Limadaptatus stercoripullorum
s__TMED80 sp905478065
s__Mycobacterium chlorophenolicum
s__Treponema_D sp022773305
s__Photobacterium halotolerans
s__UBA2357 sp002344625
s__HGM11368 sp900772745
s__Actinokineospora globicatena
s__Halolacustris secundus
s__Blautia merdavium
s__Enterococcus_C myersii
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002964765
s__RUG844 sp900313875
s__Microbacterium sp017405925
s__JAKEFB01 sp022616275
s__Jejuia pallidilutea
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947447995
s__UMGS1322 sp934434555
s__Dactylopiibacterium carminicum
s__Pontimonas sp000754445
s__Cyanobium sp947378425
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A merdipullorum
s__Treponema_D sp002368605
s__Palsa-295 sp003166795
s__DAHWUP01 sp021785915
s__Neisseria macacae
s__B1Sed10-166 sp007126415
s__UMGS1975 sp959600905
s__Dysosmobacter sp910575505
s__EC70 sp012960505
s__Planktomarina sp905182325
s__Choladousia intestinavium
s__UBA5278 sp002427165
s__UBA737 sp002297415
s__Nanogingivalis sp900556165
s__Desulfuromonas acetoxidans
s__Actinomarina sp002724835
s__Caccoplasma_A sp015061035
s__Fibrobacter sp900177805
s__Olsenella_I phocaeensis
s__Pauljensenia bouchesdurhonensis
s__Streptococcus mitis_Y
s__UBA5453 sp002427375
s__Pelagibacter sp902618485
s__UBA9959 sp021845705
s__Rhodopila sp947474705
s__Lachnobacterium bovis_A
s__UBA9631 sp003483925
s__Pristimantibacillus agaridevorans
s__Pyruvatibacter mobilis
s__Salegentibacter maritimus
s__Corynebacterium sp001831515
s__CAIZRG01 sp903935335
s__Mycobacterium holsaticum
s__CSSed11-197 sp028705415
s__Pseudomonas_E serbica
s__Pseudomonas nitroreducens_B
s__Pseudomonas_F furukawaii
s__PXBQ01 sp003566875
s__CG2-30-37-29 sp001873215
s__Streptomyces coeruleorubidus
s__Agrobacterium tumefaciens_C
s__SYFN01 sp903872555
s__CAG-302 sp002375205
s__Proteus mirabilis_B
s__Ezakiella massiliensis
s__Nostoc_B sp014698045
s__Desulfococcus multivorans
s__Chlorobium sp903851535
s__Alistipes sp900770635
s__Rhabdonatronobacter sp007121115
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_U
s__Megasphaera sp900539295
s__Youngiibacter fragilis
s__Pullibacteroides sp944321735
s__Caballeronia sp902833455
s__JAIOZI01 sp021740785
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017447815
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp015484555
s__Bog-564 sp003139255
s__Pseudomonas_E fuscovaginae_B
s__UBA1550 sp000998425
s__Atopobium deltae
s__Porphyromonas_A canoris
s__51-20 sp900539605
s__RGIG4694 sp934464775
s__Herbaspirillum sp006715495
s__Lachnospira sp910585095
s__Occallatibacter sp021803035
s__Pseudomonas_E mandelii_C
s__Dinoroseobacter shibae
s__HGM20899 sp900767005
s__CAMBTO01 sp945870865
s__Streptomyces sp026342595
s__Prevotella scopos
s__Streptococcus peroris
s__Lancefieldella rimae
s__IMCC34051 sp013042605
s__Planktophila sp009700365
s__UBA11358 sp903872345
s__Aliarcobacter ellisii
s__Pseudofrankia sp016786325
s__Croceimicrobium sp002501205
s__Akkermansia intestinigallinarum
s__Azospira_A sp030917225
s__Rhodoglobus sp903920435
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp004558595
s__Lawsonibacter sp947426945
s__UMGS2069 sp900557695
s__Caccovicinus sp017889125
s__Catenibacillus faecavium
s__Blautia_A excrementipullorum
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000242655
s__Lepagella sp900549375
s__Flavobacterium chungangense
s__UBA1259 sp003523255
s__Methylocystis sp009773555
s__Agriterribacter sp003075435
s__Eubacterium_R sp900316345
s__Firm-04 sp002394125
s__Enteromonas sp946183085
s__Streptomyces sp003814525
s__16-39-46 sp002257235
s__Nocardioides salarius
s__Prosthecobacter sp021298725
s__Cryptobacteroides gallistercoris
s__Marinomonas mediterranea
s__VBAS01 sp004322425
s__Multivorans sp009837085
s__Casp-actino8 sp001510455
s__Stercorousia sp949915775
s__Vibrio panuliri
s__Streptococcus oralis_BX
s__Brevundimonas nasdae
s__Polynucleobacter sp001889925
s__Prevotella sp902781315
s__JABILX01 sp018654255
s__Gemmata sp005772955
s__Streptomyces katrae_B
s__Aquitalea pelogenes
s__CAIUMM01 sp903844155
s__Microbacterium sp024623595
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp022794215
s__Thalassobium sp000161835
s__CAG-115 sp945873955
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp937998865
s__Paenibacillus taichungensis
s__QHXW01 sp030041035
s__Quinella sp002448305
s__HGM13233 sp900762805
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_O
s__Pandoraea capi
s__Vibrio maritimus_B
s__CAG-793 sp949746675
s__Bin76 sp002238785
s__Granulosicoccus sp937991945
s__Chlamydophila avium
s__JJ008 sp002069045
s__Lactobacillus sp002418055
s__GWA2-73-35 sp001788495
s__Collinsella sp900550835
s__Schaedlerella sp949840465
s__Butyricicoccus sp018383195
s__Rhodoplanes serenus
s__Reyranella sp001897995
s__NORP294 sp028245195
s__Palsa-513 sp003138355
s__Cycloclasticus sp001566825
s__Acidaminococcus sp022482815
s__Mesorhizobium sp004963905
s__CAITMJ01 sp021781995
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007127745
s__Shewanella psychromarinicola
s__Baumannia cicadellinicola
s__DTU025 sp001513145
s__Methylobacter_A sp030684815
s__Acidocella sp021808985
s__Ruminobacter sp002309455
s__PWJC01 sp003560165
s__Dysosmobacter excrementavium
s__Lawsonibacter sp949840775
s__RCC307 sp002470305
s__Chromobacterium sp003052555
s__UMGS1491 sp900757335
s__Micromonospora sediminimaris
s__UBA9973 sp001787205
s__Limnochorda sp012799445
s__Porphyromonas sp902489445
s__UMGS1994 sp022796725
s__GCA-002729875 sp002729875
s__Pedobacter sp918698245
s__Limnohabitans sp947455935
s__JAJXZR01 sp021779915
s__Bact-19 sp902762455
s__UMGS1933 sp900556455
s__Corynebacterium sp943913645
s__JAGOVW01 sp943358385
s__JAGNLV01 sp017999435
s__B13-G4 sp030272815
s__RKRQ01 sp009837205
s__Sphingobium sp001650725
s__HIMB100 sp002722385
s__UBA9320 sp018700895
s__Bacillus pumilus_N
s__Rhodococcus opacus_D
s__Methylosinus trichosporium
s__Longicatena sp029258245
s__MGBC102946 sp910576985
s__Mariniflexile maritimum
s__HGM04593 sp900770655
s__CANCOY01 sp947379865
s__Brenneria tiliae
s__CAIJXO01 sp903831305
s__UBA2463 sp018401615
s__UBA11891 sp003533785
s__Faecimonas sp017886705
s__SLLR01 sp007134025
s__PXAH01 sp021735405
s__Barnesiella sp902471075
s__VXPW01 sp022825235
s__DUPQ01 sp022706885
s__Borreliella tanukii
s__CAG-884 sp905200435
s__Roseburia_A sp934364805
s__Hominisplanchenecus_A sp900752065
s__JAJZRV01 sp021805725
s__Porphyromonas sp022772085
s__Solincola_A tengchongensis
s__Gottfriedia luciferensis_B
s__TMED58 sp002701865
s__Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii
s__RYN-428 sp028288945
s__UBA6623 sp002433055
s__CAG-273 sp944392505
s__Blautia_A sp934426285
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp910583875
s__Flavobacterium salilacus
s__Fundicoccus ignavus
s__JAPOUT01 sp026708505
s__UBA5266 sp012519525
s__UBA7185 sp017399005
s__Pluralincolimonas sp028716565
s__Porphyromonas sp001552775
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp947455015
s__SKNL01 sp007120385
s__Flagellimonas oceanensis
s__Cryptobacteroides avicola
s__S139-113 sp015485695
s__Paenibacillus jilunlii
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000378605
s__BOG-234 sp903907865
s__Villigracilis affinis
s__Neisseria musculi
s__Coprovivens sp944332265
s__Bulleidia sp015058875
s__Pelagibacter sp902515605
s__Elioraea sp938010425
s__Jannaschia rubra
s__Halobacteriovorax_A sp001874305
s__UBA6918 sp002421825
s__Rhodoferax sp903906695
s__Bulleidia sp017420585
s__Corynebacterium sp001812805
s__Collinsella sp900545745
s__UBA737 sp002363095
s__JABLXZ01 sp024653355
s__M0103 sp945902745
s__Rhodoferax_A sp004323695
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326305
s__VBKO01 sp005879805
s__JAHJDP01 sp018831195
s__Paracoccus marinus
s__DAHUYM01 sp027315205
s__CG2-30-49-12 sp001873675
s__UBA4248 sp002395385
s__SYFI01 sp938017905
s__Streptomyces griseostramineus
s__Porcincola sp900313765
s__VMGX01 sp018899555
s__CALSMU01 sp943787535
s__CAG-269 sp934120045
s__CALFUK01 sp937997635
s__JAHJXP01 sp001830835
s__Variovorax sp018820395
s__LPB0142 sp001856665
s__Hominimerdicola sp934435205
s__Psychroserpens wynnwilliamsii
s__HO2-45-11b sp001817055
s__Prevotella sp900772835
s__Schlesneria sp903858935
s__Halobacillus aidingensis
s__Chelonobacter testudinis
s__Casp-actino5 sp010024485
s__QPIN01 sp013139755
s__Pararhodobacter sp007131945
s__Pullibacteroides sp944320465
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903819895
s__CAIVAT01 sp903885595
s__Fimimonas merdipullorum
s__Ameyamaea chiangmaiensis
s__Epibacterium multivorans
s__UBA6145 sp023898805
s__Duodenibacillus sp944390745
s__UMGS1865 sp002438075
s__MED-G14 sp902522775
s__Luminiphilus sp002683335
s__JAKABX01 sp021798985
s__UBA1258 sp002308235
s__Onthoplasma sp944383245
s__Sediminibacterium sp943325035
s__Corallincola holothuriorum
s__Fuerstiella sp913031625
s__TMED25 sp902613795
s__SXNL01 sp005777185
s__CAMCYM01 sp945883885
s__CF-118 sp005880525
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003222195
s__JAQVCM01 sp945897805
s__Fimimorpha sp904395845
s__Prevotella sp945829425
s__Lentilactobacillus dabitei
s__Palsa-881 sp025359665
s__Firm-09 sp002385605
s__CAILUG01 sp945902215
s__Treponema_D sp002309305
s__JAAZYX01 sp030746535
s__UBA10103 sp001783335
s__Sedimentibacter sp002331025
s__GCA-2770975 sp002783405
s__RBG-13-51-36 sp029859145
s__JAAFHG01 sp947381435
s__Arthrobacter sp006151685
s__Desulfovibrio sp944327285
s__V9D3004 sp900760345
s__Streptococcus sp945876895
s__Campylobacter_A sp012978815
s__QOAS01 sp027036735
s__SHXW01 sp009693115
s__Comamonas testosteroni_F
s__Celeribacter baekdonensis_A
s__Prevotella sp002449535
s__Blautia sp947654165
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp905182105
s__JAHJBZ01 sp018813295
s__OLB11 sp016712665
s__Cryptobacteroides merdipullorum
s__Alkalihalophilus pseudofirmus
s__Faecalibacterium sp934533135
s__Marinomonas sp001624705
s__GMQP-bins7 sp029865325
s__CADEFT01 sp019187195
s__Limosilactobacillus rudii
s__UBA4479 sp017857825
s__Eubacterium_R sp945980375
s__Collinsella sp900555955
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp016720115
s__Streptomyces africanus
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp021741245
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947427325
s__Curtobacterium sp016267665
s__TMED23 sp002168115
s__JAPPNA01 sp028873925
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249865
s__Brevundimonas sp001422455
s__UBA4293 sp018065125
s__Paraglaciecola sp905479025
s__Treponema_D sp016286535
s__Faecousia intestinavium
s__CAJPPJ01 sp905372515
s__Sediminivirga luteola
s__Agrobacterium vaccinii
s__Synechocystis sp018282115
s__SXSK01 sp005793375
s__Methylotenera_A sp025359405
s__Collinsella sp900551635
s__JAAFHB01 sp903927965
s__Hornefia nodata
s__Ezakiella sp022766605
s__Aminobacter niigataensis
s__Lentilactobacillus rapi
s__Caballeronia concitans
s__Gallionella sp002381565
s__Maritimibacter sp001626765
s__TMED48 sp002701765
s__Streptomyces otsuchiensis
s__Thiobacillus sp021802945
s__Weimeria sp900100095
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp902511755
s__Methylovorus glucosotrophus
s__Flavobacterium tiangeerense
s__UMGS2016 sp945872435
s__Flammeovirga kamogawensis
s__Peptoniphilus_B koenoeneniae
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005882765
s__Rubrivivax sp903822435
s__UBA6249 sp903852325
s__UBA8316 sp913058385
s__Abyssicoccus albus
s__Streptococcus sp905212325
s__Sulfurimonas sp024513425
s__Desulfovibrio sp944324935
s__JAJYKN01 sp027456925
s__Morganella psychrotolerans_B
s__SYAC01 sp009924765
s__Streptomyces mexicanus
s__Legionella gratiana
s__JAJZTN01 sp021848885
s__Alkalihalobacillus alcalophilus
s__JAJYWO01 sp021791445
s__RUG420 sp900318715
s__Veillonella sp900549845
s__UBA5078 sp024234365
s__Oribacterium sp900318695
s__AP-15 sp005888425
s__Stercorousia sp944324345
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AV
s__Acinetobacter sp002367455
s__Devosia indica
s__RAAP-2 sp003133685
s__Pseudothauera hydrothermalis
s__Nordella sp003574785
s__W0P33-017 sp022771765
s__WLRQ01 sp903826575
s__UBA4951 sp002449265
s__UBA3263 sp023666665
s__CAJUPY01 sp900768685
s__Planktophila sp009701085
s__UBA3125 sp015658775
s__Methylobacterium mesophilicum
s__Neobacillus sp011250555
s__ASP10-02a sp024230095
s__UMGS1491 sp905211185
s__Pseudomonas_E eucalypticola
s__Paratractidigestivibacter sp934660915
s__UBA8363 sp002753615
s__JAHELU01 sp937981915
s__JAGGTC01 sp021163945
s__Fusobacterium_A varium_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934700615
s__Pontibrevibacter nitratireducens
s__Alicyclobacillus_B mengziensis
s__Bin75 sp009840285
s__DROE01 sp015487985
s__Flavobacterium sp947453885
s__Bulleidia sp022486935
s__Lentimicrobium sp002425985
s__Lachnoclostridium_A edouardi
s__Pandoraea sp018971155
s__Pectobacterium jejuense
s__Mucilaginibacter lappiensis
s__Nitrosomonas sp017994575
s__GCA-1730015 sp938020525
s__Succinivibrio sp905201175
s__Howiella sp900543525
s__Aquirufa sp903898715
s__Sulfurospirillum sp000743525
s__LFER01 sp011525185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900546395
s__HKST-UBA178 sp024235215
s__ATZT02 sp945861165
s__Lepagella sp900542185
s__SKTA01 sp007120085
s__Alistipes sp015060065
s__Fimenecus sp017399175
s__UBA2392 sp020845475
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_R
s__UBA1367 sp902801175
s__UBA3291 sp028685875
s__Luminiphilus sp002456975
s__Paenibacillus typhae
s__UBA6952 sp002450515
s__Marinitoga sp001021165
s__Onthovivens sp029098125
s__Sulfurovum sp024762315
s__Rhizobium sp900472485
s__Micromonospora profundi
s__CAILUG01 sp903837345
s__Haemophilus_D sp900756155
s__UBA3583 sp002375815
s__CG2-30-43-20 sp002780235
s__Mycetocola saprophilus
s__Planococcus koreensis
s__Butyrivibrio sp015056685
s__Falsihalocynthiibacter sp026015885
s__Evtepia faecavium
s__Eubacterium_R sp002361935
s__Aquimarina sp947503135
s__Henriciella mobilis
s__Allorhizobium naphthalenivorans
s__Croceibacterium sp023433305
s__Prevotella sp017651265
s__GCA-002773005 sp002771215
s__SLPH01 sp007132095
s__Aristaeella sp902778055
s__Palsa-504 sp003140115
s__Yersinia entomophaga
s__Paenalcaligenes sp012518715
s__DTU089 sp002069015
s__Arthrobacter luteus_A
s__Rhodomicrobium udaipurense
s__Bradyrhizobium niftali
s__Olsenella_F sp001189515
s__Collinsella sp900757265
s__Kineothrix sp948470755
s__Miniimonas arenae
s__Streptomyces sp000829695
s__JAFAMB01 sp019246215
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_C
s__UBA1660 sp002320815
s__Legionella sp001899505
s__Exiguobacterium sp018617395
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp902634555
s__UBA9968 sp016184235
s__Faecalibacterium sp900772565
s__Streptococcus catagoni
s__Streptococcus sp006228325
s__Enterousia sp902771695
s__CALDGQ01 sp937928575
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp009711295
s__JAJYWF01 sp021791635
s__RF16 sp017423085
s__Staphylococcus simiae
s__Gemmatimonas sp031127095
s__VRUB01 sp019456345
s__Streptomyces sp019303475
s__Mycobacterium sp003987775
s__UBA9926 sp938017975
s__Dorea_A sp900550865
s__Enterousia sp944389525
s__PFJX01 sp002784045
s__Defluviilinea sp015075275
s__Collinsella sp900752015
s__Flavobacterium nitratireducens
s__RF16 sp946186915
s__JADJTE01 sp016711295
s__Ruthenibacterium merdigallinarum
s__Sphingopyxis sp013410105
s__Pelagibacterium sp002375765
s__UBA952 sp945863605
s__CANMYO01 sp947494675
s__UBA8403 sp002325615
s__Mammaliicoccus stepanovicii
s__Chryseobacterium taihuense
s__DTU078 sp002385415
s__UBA2868 sp002371615
s__Trichococcus shcherbakoviae
s__Oceanimonas doudoroffii
s__CAIWAN01 sp903897765
s__Hel1-33-131 sp018673215
s__Sphingobium sp021847605
s__JAKASW01 sp021789755
s__CAZU01 sp934254915
s__JAAXKN01 sp025612245
s__Methylomirabilis sp003104975
s__14-2 sp910588885
s__UBA952 sp945897765
s__Arcticimaribacter sp003023645
s__Ornithinibacter sp017989115
s__Paracoccus methylovorus
s__DVEG01 sp015295835
s__Acetatifactor sp948470905
s__UBA4615 sp947463885
s__Ornithomonoglobus_A intestinigallinarum
s__Clostridium_J culturomicium
s__Alloprevotella sp900772575
s__Flagellimonas sp947499585
s__Neisseria canis
s__Fen-1231 sp003171215
s__QLZD01 sp008636115
s__GWB1-37-8 sp001783805
s__Bacillus sonorensis_A
s__Aphodousia sp905212345
s__Algiphilus sp022763315
s__CAG-273 sp019419955
s__UBA6532 sp002434805
s__Qipengyuania sp021794525
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947450005
s__RGIG1993 sp944392615
s__CADCTQ01 sp030446715
s__Kosmotoga_B pacifica
s__JAHJCH01 sp018813065
s__Shuttleworthia satelles
s__UBA3913 sp002391425
s__UBA11452 sp944391115
s__Streptococcus urinalis
s__Piscibacillus halophilus
s__ZC4RG30 sp903868595
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp944325145
s__Rubripirellula sp016779185
s__UBA10424 sp003500165
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002980155
s__UM-FILTER-40-11 sp002780305
s__Foliamicus sp009845905
s__Avelusimicrobium sp945483375
s__Carboxylicivirga sp007097485
s__Methylocystis parva
s__UBA940 sp015060105
s__Paraeggerthella hongkongensis
s__Onthoplasma sp944377465
s__SXPK01 sp945871815
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282475
s__Bianquea renquensis
s__Actinoplanes regularis
s__SCUS01 sp903845045
s__Helicobacter_G pametensis
s__Pelagibacter_A ubique_A
s__Pedobacter heparinus
s__Desulfovibrio sp011039135
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902797655
s__UBA3924 sp002385985
s__Nocardia aobensis
s__Streptomyces turgidiscabies_A
s__BRH-c8a sp000961575
s__Bacteroides pullicola
s__Bradyrhizobium manausense_A
s__Merdimorpha sp017537565
s__UBA4465 sp905182655
s__Acinetobacter sp027105055
s__Collinsella sp937934885
s__MarineAlpha5-Bin7 sp002938195
s__Williamsoniiplasma luminosum
s__JAJYPN01 sp021794855
s__Flavobacterium chilense
s__HGM11514 sp900757255
s__Vreelandella sp030457605
s__Dethiosulfovibrio russensis
s__Amycolatopsis roodepoortensis
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp021818005
s__JAJYQH01 sp021794705
s__Metamycoplasma alkalescens
s__Flexifilum breve
s__Prevotella sp002393705
s__UBA11654 sp002717445
s__Bullifex sp028723145
s__Apilactobacillus ozensis
s__JAHBZM01 sp019635415
s__Scatenecus sp944322665
s__JALWDW01 sp027036675
s__Prevotella sp024682415
s__Paraburkholderia sabiae
s__Corynebacterium pilosum
s__Alistipes sp017398045
s__JABFXC01 sp013361935
s__JABDLI01 sp013003065
s__Vibrio agarivorans
s__Brachyspira murdochii
s__Lepagella sp001701105
s__D2472 sp028344535
s__CAG-791 sp017449485
s__Actinokineospora spheciospongiae
s__S5-A14a sp900112915
s__VMEU01 sp007375675
s__JABJBS01 sp018668695
s__Balnearium sp027013575
s__Butyricicoccus sp029257685
s__Specibacter silviterrae
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp002363155
s__Flavisolibacter sp023433755
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028287865
s__PXAP01 sp007132715
s__UBA2110 sp012960315
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp000296385
s__UBA2645 sp903849835
s__Streptomyces longhuiensis
s__UBA1711 sp900320975
s__UBA1205 sp002309615
s__Streptomyces sviceus
s__CAIWKO01 sp018004645
s__SHWZ01 sp009693575
s__Methylobacterium gnaphalii
s__Onthomonas sp900758315
s__Dysosmobacter sp934636905
s__JAKAFS01 sp021817825
s__UBA1213 sp900321195
s__UBA737 sp934477125
s__Rectinema sp002441395
s__Treponema_B sp024181385
s__Leptotrichia hofstadii
s__R2A130 sp011087605
s__JACKAQ01 sp020634975
s__TMED14 sp903821715
s__Protoclostridium sp017960845
s__Nanopelagicus hibericus
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944376695
s__Ruminobacter sp017940385
s__Chryseobacterium lathyri
s__Vitreimonas sp900696695
s__Ruminococcus_C sp022769365
s__Pontibacter akesuensis
s__Collinsella sp900544645
s__Kroppenstedtia eburnea
s__Malaciobacter molluscorum
s__Atopostipes sp910588235
s__Tenebribacter sp018654125
s__JADKCZ01 sp021779335
s__Paraburkholderia sacchari
s__JAHJIX01 sp018823045
s__CAADGA01 sp900696425
s__Planktophila sp000378885
s__Sediminibacterium sp947456855
s__UBA3766 sp002494135
s__Kaistella koreensis
s__CAJFPI01 sp904420145
s__UBA2912 sp900317095
s__TMED161 sp002731795
s__Pseudoscilispira sp020555605
s__Anaerotignum lactatifermentans_A
s__RAAP-2 sp013044285
s__Limosilactobacillus intestinigallinarum
s__JAJZDI01 sp021799615
s__Flavobacterium sp025252405
s__UBA12014 sp002684855
s__Cytobacillus oceanisediminis_D
s__UBA5078 sp030682575
s__YA12-FULL-60-10 sp001803315
s__PLA4 sp011525745
s__CAG-390 sp958414155
s__JAJZRV01 sp021804705
s__Treponema_B denticola_B
s__Clostridium_AK sp900185645
s__Methylumidiphilus sp903911305
s__Pelagibacter sp902558435
s__Flavobacterium commune
s__Halomonas urumqiensis
s__Anaeroplasma sp017449215
s__Lonsdalea britannica
s__PFJX01 sp016719465
s__Saccharofermentans sp003543635
s__Cohnella phaseoli
s__Pelagibacter sp003282205
s__Sediminibacterium sp903958045
s__UBA1426 sp002385825
s__CAMZOE01 sp947330515
s__Cupriavidus sp000955785
s__Oceanicella actignis
s__CAIXZV01 sp903930745
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp011620705
s__Pasteurella dagmatis
s__Cellulomonas fengjieae
s__Brachybacterium sp005490785
s__Ensifer sesbaniae
s__SP197 sp028821455
s__UBA12053 sp001001345
s__Polaribacter sp003537695
s__MWCJ01 sp002069975
s__HGM13010 sp905214605
s__DTU064 sp001513385
s__UBA9973 sp903904195
s__Paracoccus aeridis
s__JALWSI01 sp027080315
s__CAILMK01 sp903829945
s__Streptomyces alboniger
s__Scatomorpha intestinavium
s__JAKBMM01 sp021790475
s__Caproicibacter sp022650455
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187565
s__CAG-465 sp934130595
s__CAKPSH01 sp948739805
s__Planktophila sp009702525
s__Planktophila sp027728065
s__HGM04593 sp017938245
s__Onthousia sp944363695
s__JABFXX01 sp018058095
s__Xenorhabdus ehlersii
s__VXNF01 sp026708055
s__Nanosyncoccus sp013332965
s__Suilimivivens sp014804245
s__Fusobacterium_B sp019416805
s__Paenibacillus sp003268635
s__Tabrizicola soli
s__Mesorhizobium sp900472295
s__Acetatifactor sp900766575
s__MGBC122484 sp910583725
s__UBA994 sp018725205
s__Enterococcus haemoperoxidus
s__Brachybacterium sp002871795
s__JAQVYD01 sp028709105
s__Methylobacter marinus
s__Rubrimentiphilum sp003136355
s__Faecalibacterium sp934561115
s__ECT2AJA-110-A sp020639075
s__DMER64 sp002409325
s__CALLMV01 sp938005615
s__MED-G20 sp002691605
s__Microbacterium paulum
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp934190775
s__Bartonella alsatica
s__Coproplasma sp944354125
s__UBA6857 sp900555805
s__SLST01 sp007118855
s__XYD2-FULL-41-16 sp001828645
s__Dysgonomonas sp945292135
s__Aliiglaciecola lipolytica_A
s__Caproicibacterium amylolyticum
s__Pelagibacter sp003278165
s__Desulfaltia bathyphila
s__RF16 sp902765485
s__Thermobrachium proteoclasticum
s__Patiriisocius sp018656255
s__UBA1067 sp902776615
s__Microbispora siamensis
s__UBA8389 sp028709215
s__CAG-170 sp905214155
s__JACRCG01 sp903875605
s__UBA7455 sp002690865
s__CALVUG01 sp944363535
s__Streptococcus mitis_CF
s__Gp18-AA60 sp003225335
s__Mycoplasma leachii
s__Lacrimispora sphenoides
s__Dactylosporangium aurantiacum
s__Collinsella sp900548365
s__Opi-474 sp903872505
s__Pelagibacter sp902562645
s__UBA9076 sp003537975
s__CACCCN01 sp902544525
s__Paenibacillus_A timonensis
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp003445455
s__CAG-877 sp934167665
s__CAMDPA01 sp947475855
s__Ventrenecus sp944355355
s__Prevotella sp002342665
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis_C
s__Heteroclostridium sp944336125
s__Sulfurospirillum diekertiae
s__JAPOWB01 sp026707815
s__Enterococcus_B mangumiae
s__UBA1786 sp947166155
s__JAICJC01 sp025927685
s__Pelethomonas sp910583885
s__MAG-120531 sp013373635
s__Xenorhabdus doucetiae
s__Corynebacterium urealyticum_A
s__Mucilaginibacter phyllosphaerae
s__CAIZGX01 sp945878835
s__Pseudorhodoferax sp001422365
s__GCA-2737595 sp009917815
s__SM1-40 sp001303705
s__Arthrobacter sp900110595
s__DTU032 sp028706195
s__CAG-582 sp944358235
s__Thalassobius gelatinovorus
s__Bacteroides_D sp905373475
s__Dokdonella sp001899855
s__WLND01 sp009699015
s__Acetatifactor sp934426825
s__Porphyromonas circumdentaria
s__Paramuribaculum sp947649495
s__JACKFH01 sp020632575
s__Nostoc foliaceum_A
s__Chloracidobacterium thermophilum
s__JAJYCY01 sp021785515
s__Collinsella sp958348475
s__Imtechella halotolerans
s__Schleiferia thermophila
s__Acidimangrovimonas indica
s__UBA5352 sp002411015
s__UMGS775 sp944367565
s__CAG-115 sp004555635
s__CAG-605 sp944359625
s__CAILKP01 sp021294835
s__Faecivivens sp944386805
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902509905
s__S146-80 sp015492305
s__Chlorobium_A sp026193435
s__2-01-FULL-44-22 sp001795975
s__Bog-756 sp903873395
s__Phenylobacterium sp028290885
s__OLB21 sp001567305
s__JAKAQV01 sp021796015
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063375
s__Asaia siamensis
s__Liquorilactobacillus mali_A
s__62-47 sp001899255
s__Microbacterium sp024623425
s__CAIZGX01 sp947452685
s__PHCI01 sp002842205
s__Saccharofermentans sp016292215
s__Prevotella sp944319935
s__JAGNZR01 sp947038515
s__OLB9 sp016718205
s__RUG12867 sp947576095
s__Mycetohabitans rhizoxinica
s__CALLQB01 sp938023735
s__UBA3031 sp913057845
s__Thermus brockianus
s__Poriferihabitans sp026708585
s__Fen-1039 sp027364875
s__Thioglobus_A pontius
s__Berryella wangjianweii
s__Avelusimicrobium sp934662565
s__RUG13038 sp902801825
s__Halodesulfovibrio subterraneus
s__Antarctobacter heliothermus_B
s__Streptococcus oralis_BK
s__Marinobacter sp009363275
s__PBB1 sp947452135
s__GWB1-36-5 sp001776785
s__Halopseudomonas excrementavium
s__Onthomorpha intestinigallinarum
s__UBA6796 sp002452815
s__Lentimicrobium sp024709105
s__Ureibacillus endophyticus
s__JAEUUM01 sp019694295
s__Acetatifactor sp934433135
s__JAJYUU01 sp027314515
s__Peptoniphilus_B sp946999425
s__RAAP-2 sp021828545
s__Reichenbachiella agariperforans
s__Geothrix sp903884655
s__Campylobacter_D subantarcticus
s__UBA2991 sp022824925
s__Nocardioides alpinus
s__Corynebacterium sp030232265
s__Dokdonia donghaensis
s__Lacticaseibacillus manihotivorans
s__Thiocapsa sp018399035
s__JAIOYW01 sp021740915
s__UBA11996 sp009392675
s__Leptospira_B selangorensis
s__NHYN01 sp014799985
s__Spirillospora litoris
s__Mycobacterium aurum_A
s__CATOJU01 sp951800555
s__SZZW01 sp009829915
s__Collinsella sp003462685
s__GCA-002712045 sp002712045
s__Nakamurella sp001897425
s__UBA737 sp904501875
s__SFMI01 sp017544935
s__Lapidilactobacillus gannanensis
s__CAIKPM01 sp903829325
s__HGM12998 sp900756495
s__Rhizobium sp014194695
s__DSBN01 sp021736475
s__Chryseobacterium capnotolerans
s__Rhodoferax sp903886165
s__Aquifex sp015487405
s__Sulfobacillus sp021802225
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp030726975
s__Wenxinia marina
s__JAIMBF01 sp023511585
s__Spyradenecus sp944391055
s__T78 sp002436085
s__UBA5893 sp944384395
s__UBA7434 sp943788835
s__Alistipes sp017629985
s__Villigracilis vicinus
s__UBA6055 sp028875245
s__Vitreoscilla massiliensis
s__T1SED10-81 sp003568315
s__Sediminibacterium sp001829005
s__Streptomyces resistomycificus
s__Lentilactobacillus kisonensis
s__Pseudomonas_E mendocina_D
s__CAIXLI01 sp903824505
s__Nostoc punctiforme_A
s__JJ008 sp016720745
s__Dialister sp900545785
s__Neorhizobium wenxiniae
s__Collinsella sp900547235
s__RUG12871 sp015057825
s__MAG-120531 sp029238555
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903884345
s__Mycobacterium florentinum
s__Robinsoniella sp900540475
s__Nitrogeniibacter sp024235675
s__Methylovirgula sp030038595
s__UBA9145 sp002730035
s__J022 sp008363215
s__Enterousia avicola
s__Mycobacterium sp903927745
s__Bradyrhizobium aeschynomenes
s__DTU059 sp023415205
s__CALZIK01 sp945787635
s__DVED01 sp003695795
s__Anaerobiospirillum pullicola
s__F23-D06 sp934699095
s__JAJYLJ01 sp021787835
s__JAKJDA01 sp022706165
s__Gordonia hankookensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902576045
s__Schaedlerella sp945827765
s__Pauljensenia odontolytica_C
s__JABEUT01 sp903916255
s__Centipeda flueggei
s__Parasynechococcus sp002170825
s__Helicobacter pylori_CS
s__Dysosmobacter sp021771635
s__Brevibacterium limosum
s__Pelagibacter sp902587665
s__Thermoanaerobaculum aquaticum
s__Collinsella sp018363405
s__Brevibacterium sp900169365
s__UBA2868 sp017432845
s__Prolixibacter bellariivorans
s__Aphodoplasma sp900550065
s__Spirillospora viridilutea
s__UBA2968 sp002714465
s__2-02-FULL-67-57 sp001766965
s__RAAP-2 sp021802025
s__Prevotella sp902776475
s__Halobacillus kuroshimensis
s__RGIG3528 sp016283775
s__Butyribacter sp934317005
s__STD2-204 sp028692545
s__UBA4716 sp002438865
s__Scatosoma sp015069565
s__Marisimplicoccus sp002457075
s__S014-63 sp015486555
s__JAAYVN01 sp012517155
s__UBA3796 sp902801565
s__Parafrankia soli
s__Fenollaria sp900539225
s__VXRD01 sp022824945
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_E
s__Corynebacterium sp902373425
s__Thermovibrio sp027068415
s__Anthropogastromicrobium sp905214365
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900316245
s__Alloprevotella sp944322325
s__JACKFE01 sp020632635
s__Butyrivibrio hungatei_A
s__Flavitalea sp946885665
s__JADJSS01 sp020636545
s__JAQUNK01 sp028717645
s__Paludibacter sp028703105
s__Salinicola endophyticus
s__Casp-actino5 sp002501485
s__Aestuariivirga sp016792825
s__Rahnella bonaserana
s__TMED23 sp012960465
s__Paramuribaculum sp947643165
s__PSRJ01 sp030041985
s__UBA3824 sp016293845
s__Hydrogenovibrio marinus
s__Christensenella timonensis
s__UBA4572 sp027415345
s__RUG13583 sp017527435
s__Polaribacter aquimarinus
s__Heritagella sp944384915
s__Borrelia anserina
s__UBA10281 sp934271065
s__Fen-1258 sp021812745
s__Aquabacterium sp017994835
s__UBA3824 sp017394445
s__Alistipes sp022782405
s__UBA4802 sp002328585
s__Arthrobacter aurescens_A
s__JANXAZ01 sp025062095
s__MGBC164599 sp910584115
s__Gemmiger sp945830575
s__JAHIYU01 sp018814885
s__Profundibacter amoris
s__Sulfidibacterium sp015488735
s__UBA10281 sp902766475
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp030826915
s__Flexistipes sinusarabici
s__JALGSU01 sp029821735
s__Pelovirga sp007125165
s__JAAWPK01 sp022792975
s__Thermomonas fusca
s__Pseudomonas_E mucoides
s__Flavobacterium sediminilitoris
s__Thioglobus_A sp022600805
s__CAG-826 sp002477825
s__VXPQ01 sp022825385
s__Borreliella japonica
s__Limimorpha sp902774295
s__Sulfurisoma sp018825305
s__Qipengyuania aestuarii
s__Marmoricola sp020636935
s__Rossellomorea sp012911895
s__Ruminococcus_C sp900765125
s__Fen-1118 sp003136095
s__Prevotella sp021204905
s__Poriferisocius sp022819825
s__JAHBUP01 sp019638015
s__JAJZWG01 sp021781915
s__Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans
s__Streptococcus sp013277205
s__BMS3ABIN03 sp002898075
s__Muribaculum sp023663655
s__JAFLJP01 sp021647245
s__Prevotella sp945837185
s__Gemella massiliensis
s__Hyphomonas sp002700305
s__Caccovivens sp905195085
s__GCA-2724215 sp009841115
s__JAAZIN01 sp012800855
s__Sphingomicrobium sp025362505
s__Chryseobacterium formosense
s__Roseithermus sacchariphilus
s__Collinsella sp905204635
s__Stutzerimonas zhaodongensis
s__JAJXXT01 sp021784255
s__Bradyrhizobium guangdongense
s__Hominimerdicola sp902762735
s__CAIKZJ01 sp903831845
s__630D-37 sp017743695
s__GCA-2707915 sp004214065
s__Geomonas diazotrophica
s__Sphingopyxis bauzanensis
s__Venatoribacter pacificus
s__W0P33-017 sp022768825
s__Shewanella carassii
s__HyVt-448 sp027005735
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001429045
s__Solibacter sp903876865
s__Gallionella sp002780675
s__Leifsonia aquatica
s__WO2-46-25 sp001775835
s__Mycobacterium branderi
s__SMXL01 sp022567305
s__Brevibacillus brevis_C
s__Ehrlichia ruminantium_B
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002029345
s__Streptomonospora nanhaiensis
s__Legionella wadsworthii
s__CAIKXD01 sp020845635
s__Multivorans azotirespirans
s__1XD8-76 sp003611955
s__Nitrotoga fabula
s__Enterosoma sp902771745
s__Flaviflexus equikiangi
s__Acetobacter sp022483985
s__UBA1367 sp002449555
s__Poriferisocius sp002239105
s__Aminicella lysinilytica
s__Pyramidobacter sp016286835
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017428725
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900317595
s__Collinsella sp029264355
s__Terrimicrobium sp001897195
s__Blastococcus sp021699055
s__Bradyrhizobium sp021779635
s__Sphingomonas sp001421765
s__Streptomyces sp001507435
s__Pseudomonas_E marvdashtae
s__UBA953 sp947470855
s__UMGS124 sp019420325
s__Kitasatospora sp002953255
s__Planococcus sp019042655
s__Sodalinema sp007693465
s__Competibacter phosphatis
s__UBA1067 sp002395905
s__UBA10151 sp021786105
s__Pseudomonas_E anuradhapurensis
s__Robiginitalea biformata
s__Methyloprofundus sp014859465
s__Hyphomonas sp020638455
s__RGIG8745 sp023665185
s__JAMCCX01 sp024706985
s__CAIXZV01 sp903924005
s__Prevotella sp902767775
s__Microcoleus sp014695175
s__Novosphingobium sp016719755
s__Caccovivens sp930990515
s__Udaeobacter sp003218535
s__RUG756 sp902803675
s__Slackia sp029266945
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948648655
s__RF16 sp902779705
s__Collinsella sp900541175
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902512035
s__UBA1740 sp017621415
s__Paraliobacillus_A zengyii
s__Kangiella sp950096615
s__JAJZZA01 sp021797825
s__UBA6595 sp002433595
s__LMDS01 sp025355745
s__JAGPUQ01 sp016708925
s__Anaerococcus sp022780515
s__Acutalibacter sp910588415
s__Psychrobacillus sp001278755
s__Planktophila sp009702925
s__Bin103 sp028821475
s__JAJZCU01 sp021828935
s__Alistipes sp900769405
s__Paludibacter sp903911085
s__Streptomyces triculaminicus_A
s__Treponema_D sp900769975
s__GCA-2401735 sp017857755
s__JAQVMQ01 sp028703535
s__XYC1-FULL-56-13 sp001783715
s__Variovorax paradoxus_A
s__Enterousia sp002371155
s__Selenomonas sputigena
s__Maribacter flavus
s__RGIG1902 sp017396925
s__Veillonella sp934230905
s__Prosthecochloris sp002113825
s__RUG14871 sp902803495
s__Bosea sp003952665
s__Blochmannia sp023585785
s__JAKAEG01 sp021813765
s__JAHBWV01 sp019454185
s__Gemmiger sp944388105
s__Coproplasma sp944327465
s__UBA2020 sp002334985
s__RUG592 sp900315255
s__Collinsella sp900549655
s__UBA10349 sp003485905
s__UBA9145 sp022825945
s__Collinsella sp900540855
s__Microbacterium sp031180975
s__UBA2475 sp030692515
s__Ruminococcus_G gauvreauii
s__RF16 sp002352705
s__Pelagibacter sp902589345
s__Prevotella sp017413085
s__F23-D06 sp017443175
s__UBA8592 sp002720485
s__Oliverpabstia sp934359255
s__UBA11872 sp022825895
s__Paenibacillus_G ehimensis
s__Zag111 sp947570135
s__Helicobacter_B canis_B
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_X
s__Sodaliphilus sp900317325
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903847205
s__GWB1-37-8 sp001782645
s__UBA953 sp943323725
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017446165
s__Prauserella rugosa
s__Streptococcus sp905221505
s__Streptococcus mitis_AP
s__Anaeroplasma sp945919465
s__CAIWAN01 sp903910705
s__JALNZU01 sp023229245
s__Sediminibacterium sp017987615
s__Mesorhizobium sp000502875
s__VMCP01 sp945865625
s__SP197 sp002238685
s__Paenibacillus macquariensis
s__JAJYWN01 sp021791495
s__JAKAWR01 sp021816935
s__Romboutsia_D lituseburensis
s__JACNLC01 sp014381725
s__Eubacterium_R sp023665085
s__Christensenella intestinihominis
s__Odoribacter sp944321145
s__Veillonella sp934191645
s__Telmatospirillum sp021781575
s__Myxococcus sp014656495
s__Microbulbifer agarilyticus_C
s__UBA3939 sp002385705
s__Cryptobacterium curtum
s__CALVVX01 sp944358825
s__34-128 sp018819665
s__Brevibacterium antiquum_A
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003052515
s__Croceicoccus sp002694745
s__Curtobacterium sp001742745
s__Corynebacterium kroppenstedtii_B
s__S012-89 sp015487335
s__Prevotella sp902799355
s__Cupriavidus oxalaticus_A
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944324905
s__UBA3282 sp910578715
s__Citricoccus sp000224415
s__UBA4181 sp017523725
s__UBA2589 sp028873595
s__Bulleidia sp017543005
s__Companilactobacillus nodensis
s__Bin55 sp009837185
s__CAIOAK01 sp903874275
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp002278855
s__Peribacillus muralis
s__Streptomyces rubradiris
s__GCA-2746605 sp016713565
s__CAG-273 sp944390365
s__Negativibacillus sp944388365
s__Luteimonas_D sp016615815
s__CAG-791 sp002362155
s__QWOP01 sp945865325
s__GWB2-55-19 sp001797465
s__Prevotella sp902763615
s__Clostridium_AI sp002297865
s__Collinsella sp900543845
s__Waterburya sp012034765
s__HGM11416 sp900766495
s__JACQHT01 sp016198835
s__UBA8517 sp003484955
s__CALLMJ01 sp938005475
s__Stercorousia sp900761225
s__CG1-02-41-21 sp001871235
s__JAABQT01 sp029883975
s__Aestuariivirga sp902826365
s__JAGOEF01 sp017997855
s__NIES-981 sp018400215
s__Scrofimicrobium sp014069575
s__JACKPB01 sp945887855
s__Campylobacter_A sp013201975
s__Campylobacter_B sp900539505
s__Collinsella sp900545875
s__CALEVZ01 sp937924755
s__Avisuccinivibrio_A pullicola
s__Mycobacterium paraffinicum
s__Dietzia cinnamea_A
s__Sphingobacterium athyrii
s__VMCP01 sp945863965
s__GCA-2699025 sp002699025
s__Mediterraneibacter hominis
s__JAKANR01 sp021823645
s__MEDG-81 sp003213595
s__JABJAG01 sp943787445
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017519155
s__Butyrivibrio sp900116875
s__Trichlorobacter sp002419465
s__AcAMD-2 sp945881995
s__Limnohabitans sp903896615
s__Pseudocitrobacter corydidari
s__CADAWZ01 sp902791745
s__Asaia lannensis
s__Prosthecobacter sp903838675
s__Streptomyces tauricus
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp001897855
s__Vibrio sp007858795
s__Pseudofulvimonas sp002344355
s__Blochmannia sp023586365
s__Thermomonospora curvata
s__UBA7173 sp905207535
s__UBA4417 sp903946925
s__Dorea_D sp947645355
s__CAMAVH01 sp947474495
s__UBA3282 sp949472775
s__CAKZTE01 sp937923115
s__UBA668 sp020637295
s__UBA10015 sp003522725
s__JAJYVV01 sp021791815
s__Megasphaera sp900540735
s__Roslinia caecavium
s__Bombella saccharophila
s__Bin25 sp026709415
s__Sediminibacterium sp902168225
s__Occallatibacter sp003140785
s__Ruminiclostridium termitidis
s__Afipia carboxidovorans
s__RUG806 sp017430145
s__JADJPF01 sp016713405
s__Prevotella sp900199555
s__Sediminibacterium sp947447835
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp900768755
s__UM-FILTER-39-15 sp002784465
s__Bin75 sp007570995
s__Vicingus sp015075325
s__UBA3824 sp016287995
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900318355
s__CALVUN01 sp944358875
s__JABEVD01 sp013044025
s__Limimorpha sp015061315
s__Nitrospira_D sp900299245
s__UBA1711 sp900771365
s__Flavobacterium circumlabens
s__QANA01 sp003149735
s__JAJZGK01 sp021782815
s__JAPHSA01 sp026193235
s__Phytoplasma rubi_A
s__UBA6987 sp902803355
s__Actinotignum schaalii
s__Treponema_D sp017521105
s__Laedolimicola hominis
s__Rhizobium etli
s__Agromyces laixinhei
s__Desulfovibrio intestinigallinarum
s__Buchnera aphidicola_U
s__JAKASV01 sp021818945
s__CAG-177 sp902796295
s__Aquisalimonas sp007126095
s__UBA8363 sp002753515
s__Corynebacterium dentalis
s__Carnobacterium_A jeotgali
s__JASGCK01 sp947445115
s__Chitinophaga pinensis_A
s__Flavobacterium album_A
s__Foliamicus numerosus
s__Faecousia faecavium
s__JAJYUU01 sp030045215
s__Acinetobacter sp013417155
s__Bulleidia sp017433125
s__Limadaptatus sp944363035
s__Barrientosiimonas humi
s__DUMJ01 sp012839925
s__DTU056 sp001512985
s__Parabacteroides sp934718155
s__MVYY01 sp012517575
s__Corynebacterium massiliense
s__Limnohabitans sp903886485
s__Streptomyces neyagawaensis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003253735
s__Gemmiger sp934502625
s__Nitrotoga sp947475825
s__Faecivivens stercoripullorum
s__JAQCBR01 sp027621295
s__Wujia sp900767585
s__79-D21 sp002432945
s__Clostridium sp900543325
s__Planktophila sp947450175
s__Ventrenecus sp934096605
s__Ectobacillus antri
s__UBA3478 sp024638165
s__Shimia sp017743735
s__Ignavibacterium album_C
s__CALRAM01 sp943353165
s__Enterousia sp029059055
s__Stenotrophomonas sp024519465
s__Planktomarina sp030704425
s__Oribacterium sp000160135
s__Leptotrichia hongkongensis
s__Agathobaculum intestinipullorum
s__CAJWQN01 sp913045505
s__JASLPR01 sp030744875
s__Microbacterium enclense_A
s__Mogibacterium_A sp934278925
s__Anaerotignum sp905212195
s__Magnetominusculus xianensis
s__JAHRVQ01 sp012960755
s__Desulfovibrio intestinipullorum
s__Caldilinea aerophila
s__UBA6810 sp002742765
s__SXYR01 sp945866165
s__SDRK01 sp007845205
s__Enterococcus_A xiangfangensis
s__Stenotrophomonas rhizophila_B
s__JACRCG01 sp021850095
s__RGIG982 sp017442105
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp027488785
s__CAG-273 sp930991035
s__JAQWQB01 sp029245065
s__Rhizomicrobium sp903837555
s__UBA1558 sp002785295
s__Sulfobium sp021811105
s__JACZVJ01 sp022572725
s__Aphodovivens sp900550385
s__Alistipes sp017536555
s__G11 sp947167445
s__Methylomonas sp000702925
s__UMGS1820 sp902797885
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp944363505
s__GCA-2686945 sp012960475
s__Arthrobacter polychromogenes
s__Pelagibacter sp902555725
s__JACOTV01 sp016699265
s__JAGQHJ01 sp020431915
s__RUG592 sp900320535
s__Streptomyces griseosporeus
s__Collinsella sp905215815
s__Lacticaseibacillus nasuensis
s__Coprosoma sp934183155
s__Bacteroides_E coprosuis
s__UBA953 sp945882655
s__Nordella sp005502925
s__Moraxella equi
s__UBA1212 sp002308595
s__JANXPB01 sp021786615
s__CAIWGR01 sp903912275
s__Acidovorax sp019218755
s__Acetobacter ghanensis
s__Limnohabitans sp947447405
s__UBA1364 sp903959355
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017613135
s__UBA4311 sp002395105
s__CAG-873 sp947525975
s__Proteiniphilum sp028683355
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013287375
s__SXTU01 sp009773355
s__CAG-791 sp017513005
s__XYA2-FULL-35-8 sp001778235
s__Alcanivorax jadensis_A
s__Kribbella sp004366075
s__HGM04593 sp015060835
s__Paraburkholderia caffeinilytica
s__Acinetobacter sp002365595
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp009705225
s__Ralstonia sp913056305
s__Dickeya poaceiphila
s__JAMDCX01 sp021847065
s__Marinobacter alexandrii
s__UBA3951 sp002385465
s__Collinsella sp900752425
s__JAKBJL01 sp021836035
s__Bavariicoccus seileri
s__Polaromonas sp029945925
s__UBA636 sp902803275
s__Sedimentibacter sp003457065
s__Synechococcus_C sp003210315
s__Waterburya sp020692205
s__SAR86A sp902517505
s__Anaerosalibacter sp019391515
s__PALSA-1337 sp903893855
s__Streptomyces alkaliterrae
s__Bin5 sp026708085
s__JAICIO01 sp025924315
s__Streptococcus sp905221285
s__CALAXT01 sp937895435
s__Accumulibacter similis
s__Clostridium sp023845585
s__Avimonas caecicola
s__Choladousia sp948436005
s__Tabrizicola sp002280315
s__Azospirillum aestuarii
s__Acinetobacter sp003711395
s__UBA1786 sp900771425
s__CACIIZ01 sp902611605
s__Palsa-288 sp003132145
s__Francisella sp002095075
s__UBA2110 sp002331465
s__Thiovulum_C stygium
s__Faecousia sp900554705
s__SZUA-451 sp022729615
s__PWHW01 sp003561025
s__Borrelia parkeri
s__JAKADD01 sp021793015
s__Streptomyces iranensis
s__ISDg sp017546025
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_M
s__Brotaphodocola sp949840805
s__JACKGS01 sp020631865
s__Avibacterium gallinarum
s__Corynebacterium sp001836165
s__OMSK01 sp900313725
s__Pelagibacterium halotolerans
s__Bariatricus sp022793995
s__Pelagibacter sp003281725
s__Streptomyces sp026342735
s__GCA-2691245 sp002167215
s__Mobilitalea sp023399055
s__Alistipes sp014796635
s__CAG-475 sp900769205
s__JAKAKS01 sp021788025
s__Egerieousia sp028704975
s__BACL14 sp028247015
s__GCA-2705445 sp018674175
s__Coproplasma sp949878885
s__Collinsella sp008014645
s__CAIMNF01 sp947502835
s__UWMA-0346 sp012959465
s__Borkfalkia sp900557285
s__Treponema_D sp946410085
s__Gemmiger sp944388125
s__Streptococcus mitis_CG
s__Cardiobacterium sp916618745
s__Fen-1038 sp016195815
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp947441435
s__CAG-873 sp014801485
s__CAJGDV01 sp904502155
s__UBA11654 sp002691305
s__SURF-16 sp018897105
s__Clavibacter michiganensis_K
s__Sphingobium sp021849075
s__Collinsella sp027669365
s__Tous-C4FEB sp947458705
s__SIG480 sp017409405
s__Anaerosalibacter massiliensis
s__Achromobacter_A sp030849965
s__Acinetobacter sp016624945
s__Flavobacterium sp018384465
s__UBA11663 sp027622975
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A merdigallinarum
s__JAIOSR01 sp019310785
s__Acidithiobacillus sp021827445
s__Polaromonas sp947443645
s__JAAZPQ01 sp012797175
s__SZUA-35 sp937997485
s__Mediterraneibacter sp904377845
s__Pseudophaeobacter_A sp028890115
s__Methylocystis sp014190435
s__UBA953 sp945866215
s__Mycobacterium celatum
s__UBA1362 sp002306085
s__JADJPL01 sp016707205
s__Paenibacillus azoreducens
s__Micromonospora ureilytica
s__GCA-2717485 sp002717485
s__UBA3015 sp945878585
s__JACDGB01 sp013815485
s__Corynebacterium humireducens
s__JAGLRQ01 sp023136205
s__Campylobacter_D sp006864535
s__UBA866 sp016901855
s__Corallococcus praedator
s__Avispirillum sp948466345
s__PALSA-1336 sp021791515
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947479085
s__Novosphingobium meiothermophilum
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_J
s__CAAGNP01 sp017630155
s__Eubacterium_J sp947385875
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp903953065
s__UBA4427 sp002390675
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003445295
s__UBA8649 sp002862745
s__Janthinobacterium violaceinigrum
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007695005
s__Nanopelagicus sp000378905
s__Flavobacterium sp947379965
s__UBA11475 sp902486425
s__Mycobacterium sherrisii
s__CG1-02-40-25 sp001872305
s__Bin75 sp028819435
s__CAILUI01 sp903834675
s__UBA2093 sp947446815
s__Flagellimonas sp947499695
s__Notoacmeibacter marinus
s__UBA4951 sp902802355
s__Spirosoma sp001898575
s__Pediococcus argentinicus
s__Shewanella putrefaciens_C
s__JALVDV01 sp027008775
s__UBA3375 sp002359095
s__B29-G16 sp003644895
s__Tyrphobacter sp027364935
s__Prevotella sp902762565
s__Limimorpha sp017965765
s__Enterovibrio norvegicus_A
s__Akkermansia muciniphila_F
s__M50B103 sp028718545
s__Pullibacteroides sp023662825
s__UBA724 sp902566635
s__Campylobacter iguaniorum
s__UMGS1851 sp900555605
s__JAHIOW01 sp018895075
s__JAAYJV01 sp002070275
s__Maricaulis maris_A
s__UBA5633 sp028692745
s__Tepidiphilus olei
s__Ottowia beijingensis
s__Vibrio litoralis
s__Periweissella beninensis
s__UBA953 sp943330755
s__UBA1255 sp017508875
s__Capnocytophaga bilenii
s__Aureimonas altamirensis
s__Bin55 sp009840305
s__Streptomyces violaceusniger
s__Brotonthovivens sp900557275
s__JAAYJR01 sp012522835
s__Desulfovibrio sp018379785
s__UBA12015 sp003447545
s__Kitasatospora herbaricolor
s__JAJACH01 sp022601645
s__Collinsella sp900759435
s__Limivicinus sp900316255
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_CB
s__Nitrobacter sp000152905
s__Ruegeria lacuscaerulensis_B
s__IGN3 sp020722045
s__Selenomonas_C sp022773585
s__Akkermansia glycaniphila
s__CAMDGX01 sp026400815
s__Rubrobacter_D sp013815575
s__Ruthia okutanii
s__Alysiella filiformis
s__Polaribacter sp947496195
s__Desulfosporosinus sp000961805
s__Aquiluna sp027487865
s__Caccenecus sp948999435
s__Prevotella sp902783165
s__M3007 sp020636075
s__UBA4054 sp002383495
s__Vibrio ostreicida
s__Sulfuritalea sp903932755
s__Mycobacterium fragae
s__Lentzea californiensis
s__Arenibacterium halophilum
s__Hydrogenedens terephthalicus
s__JADHLI01 sp016780775
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000931465
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp000152965
s__JAPLGD01 sp028707055
s__Blautia_A sp900551465
s__UBA1351 sp002342805
s__JACPAW01 sp016180605
s__UBA6233 sp028718225
s__Marortus aquimaris
s__Renibacterium salmoninarum
s__Scatousia excrementipullorum
s__JAKALC01 sp021813335
s__Hafnia alvei_B
s__Sphingobium chlorophenolicum
s__Kitasatospora setae
s__Luteolibacter sp029866215
s__VXMF01 sp009838515
s__Anoxybacillus flavithermus
s__Sphingomonas pacifica
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp009296185
s__Lentzea aerocolonigenes
s__Stenotrophomonas rhizophila
s__Coproplasma sp944367955
s__UBA1712 sp002393095
s__Planktophila sp027490415
s__Prevotella sp900770395
s__Sutterella sp905202595
s__Acinetobacter chengduensis
s__Phocaeicola sp945833835
s__MGBC164599 sp948444865
s__Enterousia sp949156565
s__Cycloclasticus sp012959695
s__Planktothrix sp003456035
s__Paenibacillus_A sp000159955
s__JAHJEX01 sp018825385
s__Campylobacter_B sp938045405
s__Tateyamaria sp947503415
s__Ochrobactrum sp003176975
s__Fen-1359 sp003141315
s__JAAUQI01 sp012032345
s__Stigonema sp903903925
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp002793195
s__Lactococcus sp009779335
s__Filifactor alocis
s__UBA2144 sp030750465
s__JAGOFZ01 sp017996955
s__Collinsella sp900545445
s__Pullichristensenella stercorigallinarum
s__Rhodopila sp001898425
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_M
s__Acetobacter nitrogenifigens
s__Duncaniella sp014802015
s__Multivorans sp009845425
s__Geitlerinema sp001657325
s__Caccovivens sp948971535
s__Sunxiuqinia elliptica
s__Actinokineospora alba
s__Streptomyces spiralis
s__Sorangium cellulosum_D
s__Archangium_A sp903905455
s__Scatomorpha sp900546485
s__CAIYUN01 sp903872425
s__Yimella sp014530045
s__JAGORL01 sp943357745
s__Chryseobacterium pennae
s__JANEWG01 sp016811995
s__Acinetobacter brisouii_A
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007135355
s__Tidjanibacter sp017396085
s__Schlesneria sp903911795
s__Bradyrhizobium quebecense
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp002928735
s__Schneideria nysicola
s__Bulleidia sp017419465
s__Porphyromonas catoniae
s__Gp1-AA124 sp003225075
s__FEN-1297 sp021824565
s__CAG-465 sp900554875
s__UBA1201 sp017548765
s__Roseovarius atlanticus_A
s__UBA1930 sp018061385
s__Streptomyces wedmorensis
s__Acidocella sp021798575
s__UBA6770 sp002453255
s__SZUA-370 sp003247225
s__Paenibacillus_A mellifer
s__RUG11204 sp902766845
s__UBA3775 sp002369525
s__VXPQ01 sp022821845
s__Pseudomaricurvus sp002707785
s__CAJFUR01 sp904420215
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp900119625
s__Brenneria nigrifluens
s__Niabella sp001896965
s__Pseudomonas_E arcuscaelestis
s__Brockia lithotrophica_A
s__Delta-02 sp002418985
s__Cycloclasticus sp002162695
s__Trinickia symbiotica
s__Cellulosimicrobium cellulans
s__Oecophyllibacter saccharovorans
s__UBA11606 sp009937405
s__Rhabdaerophilum calidifontis
s__Shouchella tritolerans
s__JAJYCH01 sp021777685
s__Ferruginibacter sp943323705
s__Pelagibacter sp902515205
s__CAG-475 sp910578325
s__Oceaniferula sp016811075
s__Gallitreponema excrementavium
s__Syntrophomonas sp028707975
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944324385
s__UMGS1071 sp904397205
s__UBA2779 sp003644105
s__MGBC119817 sp910583685
s__Rodentibacter sp001999285
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp018897875
s__UBA940 sp944321925
s__CFX15 sp013112575
s__Staphylococcus microti
s__Moraxella sp024137865
s__UBA974 sp002336655
s__Flavobacterium sp943324545
s__JAFDIX01 sp019307805
s__UBA9973 sp001786365
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_T
s__QAMH01 sp900556425
s__RAAP-2 sp009726065
s__Ideonella sp016710065
s__Trichlorobacter sp021778115
s__Butyribacter sp934320895
s__Agathobacter sp934359755
s__UBA9145 sp003451715
s__CAMCZW01 sp945888435
s__Treponema_B sp024181285
s__GCA-2707915 sp938075195
s__Limiplasma sp944333375
s__DUEP01 sp011176535
s__Arthrobacter_D sp031179385
s__Zeimonas sp021463505
s__UBA1711 sp002368955
s__Veillonella dispar_B
s__Ruegeria conchae
s__CAIQBE01 sp903870015
s__Nocardioides sp018831735
s__Nocardia flavorosea
s__Campylobacter_D taeniopygiae
s__JAAXHH01 sp009841265
s__Limivicinus sp902778115
s__Aminidesulfovibrio sp002382645
s__Marinisoma sp014240005
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_V
s__GCA-2737125 sp005798555
s__Spiroplasma_D sp023509825
s__Dactylosporangium vinaceum
s__D2-FULL-39-29 sp001778375
s__Prevotella sp900314455
s__Tagaea sp020249045
s__Fibrobacter sp002394865
s__Gemmiger excrementigallinarum
s__Pseudonocardia dioxanivorans
s__Aminipila sp002455605
s__SKUL01 sp007129985
s__MPNP01 sp026710155
s__Bifidobacterium myosotis
s__UBA9320 sp913043145
s__Anaeroplasma sp017388605
s__Arthrobacter_B luteolus
s__Faecousia sp900554625
s__Jeotgalicoccus coquinae
s__Collinsella sp905205145
s__Gallintestinimicrobium merdigallinarum
s__Arthrobacter_B jiangjiafuii
s__UMGS1696 sp902782445
s__F1-120-MAGs170 sp005777315
s__Arthrobacter sp000196235
s__B1SED10-74M sp007130825
s__Gemmobacter_B sp022843025
s__Multivorans sp022826745
s__CALZJE01 sp945787715
s__SIG607 sp015065605
s__Yersinia canariae
s__Henriciella sp002172915
s__Enteroscipio rubneri
s__Ventricola gallistercoris
s__CAG-269 sp934129895
s__Streptomyces sp018614095
s__RUG754 sp016284485
s__Streptomyces hawaiiensis
s__JAILEN01 sp905233835
s__QNYK01 sp012960845
s__JAAUUE01 sp020692245
s__Salinibacter altiplanensis
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028101445
s__GRL18 sp025655635
s__UBA1740 sp905210485
s__UBA1140 sp027056615
s__Collinsella sp905194675
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_B
s__Aeromicrobium yanjiei
s__Achromobacter pulmonis
s__Gemmiger excrementipullorum
s__Rhodoferax sp903822205
s__Actinomarina sp000384495
s__UBA4427 sp012959805
s__Fen-1467 sp003142955
s__Desulfosporosinus sp003513495
s__JAHRAW01 sp028817405
s__Ectothiorhodospira marina
s__Shimia litoralis
s__Microbacterium sp001426995
s__Pacificispira sp017792345
s__Rhizobium tumorigenes
s__XYA2-FULL-47-19 sp001780275
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902789245
s__Aeromicrobium sp001426485
s__JAIPFS01 sp021736545
s__Pelethomonas sp947649615
s__CFX2 sp014338005
s__Syntrophus aciditrophicus
s__Rhodoferax sp903927295
s__NK4A136 sp002393955
s__Gemella sp002871655
s__Thiovibrio sp018830485
s__Thermophilibacter sp944321385
s__Sulfurimonas sp015488855
s__Fusobacterium_B sp030673965
s__JACCTH01 sp013812505
s__Microcella sp002280615
s__Saccharimonas sp020160975
s__Homoserinibacter sp001898835
s__UBA2383 sp002343485
s__JAHINB01 sp018896215
s__Sarcina sp029258205
s__Pseudothioglobus singularis_B
s__JADJSS01 sp017984135
s__RUG12519 sp910577565
s__RFSX01 sp937921825
s__JANXXV01 sp025360145
s__UBA9973 sp001786765
s__RUG159 sp900316145
s__UBA4064 sp002382065
s__Ruminococcus_E sp003499325
s__Halioglobus sp024234855
s__RGIG250 sp017383125
s__JAHDRN01 sp018433245
s__Sphingomonas yantingensis
s__CACPJA01 sp902634075
s__GWA1-54-10 sp943355135
s__Methylobacter_C sp903859415
s__MED-G14 sp002457715
s__Luteolibacter sp903919975
s__PNKF01 sp011525845
s__JAHDDY01 sp937922185
s__Shewanella cyperi
s__Mycobacterium canariasense
s__Rhodospira marina
s__Fournierella merdavium
s__JAAEMS01 sp024225275
s__Pelagibacter sp902579925
s__C7867-006 sp001825395
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007123055
s__JAJYGJ01 sp021825295
s__Foliamicus sp011523505
s__RF16 sp002387325
s__UBA1049 sp028702135
s__Rhodanobacter sp001427365
s__UBA2645 sp945865855
s__Microbispora sp012034195
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902766885
s__Prevotella sp017449725
s__Bog-950 sp003165895
s__Desulfolinea sp018648655
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007121485
s__UBA6857 sp017435665
s__Photobacterium swingsii
s__Moraxella caviae
s__AG-337-I02 sp902616075
s__Streptomyces sp001280005
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_F
s__Campylobacter_A showae_D
s__CADEGZ01 sp021848375
s__Limosilactobacillus sp944327195
s__AC2028 sp902767075
s__CAG-313 sp900760745
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A pullicola
s__Arthrobacter sp021538675
s__JAAZKA01 sp016297585
s__Collinsella sp900549535
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947446645
s__Agathobaculum merdipullorum
s__Alicycliphilus sp018240985
s__Ekhidna sp014323825
s__Capnocytophaga catalasegens
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005889135
s__Clavibacter californiensis
s__Sulfuricurvum sp002282015
s__Rhodoferax_C parapertussis_A
s__Luteolibacter sp903934285
s__UBA1257 sp002308775
s__SLMP01 sp007133465
s__Epilithonimonas pallida
s__Saccharofermentans sp900176545
s__Kamptonema formosum_A
s__SYSU-D60014 sp003576685
s__Actinomyces gaoshouyii
s__Mycoplasma yeatsii
s__QWPN01 sp005789975
s__Treponema_D saccharophilum
s__HTCC2207 sp017858295
s__Sulfurospirillum sp018058685
s__Carboxylicivirga marina
s__UBA9980 sp002069765
s__CAG-390 sp017415485
s__Brumimicrobium sp002331485
s__CAIWXQ01 sp903916675
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_T
s__Barnesiella_A sp017410245
s__Collinsella sp900545075
s__VBGR01 sp005880695
s__RGIG8773 sp023665505
s__Kosmotoga_B sp003643975
s__Streptococcus ferus
s__Alistipes sp959604655
s__CSSed10-48 sp003556805
s__Hyphomicrobium_C zavarzinii
s__UBA6857 sp017396515
s__Thioglobus_C plumae
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945865675
s__Vitreoscilla stercoraria
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp009026145
s__Dysosmobacter sp950097265
s__MED-G10 sp002457065
s__SKYF01 sp007128005
s__Lentimonas sp905182435
s__Lampropedia sp002285265
s__Bellilinea sp021848775
s__Brenneria salicis
s__JACKPM01 sp022601635
s__SKPS01 sp007119395
s__RHLJ01 sp017640665
s__Acetatifactor muris_A
s__Dyella_A sp002279065
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902799895
s__Palauibacter ramosifaciens
s__UBA11358 sp021780905
s__28-YEA-48 sp001898965
s__Akkermansia sp021200315
s__Novosphingopyxis iocasae
s__Onthocola_B sp944371315
s__Saccharomonospora azurea
s__Celeribacter ethanolicus
s__Collinsella sp900540095
s__C7867-001 sp027310925
s__RUG11783 sp017548825
s__CAIPMZ01 sp903824515
s__MGBC102946 sp022793145
s__Prevotella sp902790625
s__Methylobacterium oxalidis
s__UBA3857 sp002392505
s__RUG591 sp900320425
s__Collinsella sp900544115
s__Oceanithermus sp015494055
s__Avimonas merdigallinarum
s__UBA9664 sp002710775
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029909975
s__Fimbriimonas sp027485645
s__Halioglobus sp024224435
s__Zeimonas sp001898645
s__JAHIZR01 sp018814465
s__Rhizobium mesoamericanum
s__Petrotoga olearia
s__Novosphingobium panipatense_A
s__SYKL01 sp005797785
s__UMGS1696 sp902778205
s__UBA6857 sp023665555
s__Acidaminococcus sp905213155
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021794275
s__JAJZVS01 sp021845555
s__UBA4421 sp902565895
s__Clostridium_AN bornimense_A
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902513495
s__Desulfolinea sp018648605
s__JAJYLM01 sp027364825
s__Prevotella sp902761605
s__Prevotella sp905211345
s__GBS-DC sp002254605
s__UBA9664 sp002699085
s__Siminovitchia terrae
s__JAJYXR01 sp021801795
s__OLB19 sp001781415
s__Xenorhabdus griffiniae_A
s__CAIWKO01 sp903913285
s__Streptomyces smyrnaeus
s__Pulveribacter sp002434305
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium sp023381755
s__Anaerobiospirillum sp944390115
s__CAKZUP01 sp937981955
s__UBA4334 sp902802265
s__Ligilactobacillus apodemi
s__Aquimarina muelleri
s__Bermanella sp002683575
s__Pseudomonas_E serboccidentalis
s__HGM11521 sp900751885
s__Geomonas subterranea
s__Devosia sp023436745
s__UBA9611 sp002816575
s__Parasynechococcus sp013911515
s__Fischerella muscicola
s__Paenibacillus kribbensis
s__Robertmurraya siralis
s__VFKP01 sp021781965
s__Desulfobulbus_C sp003978695
s__Planifilum fulgidum
s__Collinsella sp900542945
s__UMGS1474 sp900552115
s__Telluria sp946886065
s__RUG11977 sp016288005
s__JACKHC01 sp020639235
s__UBA3766 sp900769175
s__Pseudomonas_E seleniipraecipitans
s__Lentilactobacillus senioris
s__HIMB11 sp018222665
s__Desulfovibrio gallistercoris
s__2-12-FULL-41-16 sp001782805
s__Pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans
s__Prevotella sp902771785
s__Ramlibacter tataouinensis_A
s__Bellilinea sp001796355
s__Calescibacterium nevadense
s__SZUA-451 sp024763175
s__Brevundimonas abyssalis
s__JAKAVV01 sp021800275
s__UBA7879 sp002500565
s__UBA8592 sp002713485
s__UBA1774 sp902795345
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005883775
s__W5053 sp000467935
s__Collinsella sp900541665
s__Mycobacterium sp002013375
s__Enterenecus sp910577525
s__Lentibacillus cibarius
s__CAIKBL01 sp903825645
s__Corynebacterium sp007904105
s__Marinobacter nitratireducens
s__Ferruginibacter sp017303335
s__Bordetella_A sp002261345
s__RGIG3091 sp934122395
s__Variovorax sp014170375
s__JALGTV01 sp029820565
s__Enterousia sp002348925
s__Legionella_A londiniensis
s__JAJZFJ01 sp021805395
s__JAAXZI01 sp012719955
s__Coxiella mudrowiae
s__Pantoea floridensis
s__Corynebacterium glaucum
s__UBA1443 sp002068945
s__Allorhizobium rhizophilum
s__Limosilactobacillus sp905214235
s__UBA6857 sp902786285
s__Eubacterium_I sp021201535
s__JAPOUP01 sp026708635
s__Petroclostridium xylanilyticum
s__Avimonas sp959601025
s__CAMATL01 sp945861145
s__Oleibacter sp002733645
s__Maribacter sedimenticola
s__Pelagibacter sp902623495
s__Vibrio ponticus
s__JAAYVG01 sp020723765
s__HGM05376 sp017555745
s__Limnohabitans_A sp001412575
s__Aquimarina acroporae
s__JAFATZ01 sp019243675
s__Dryocola boscaweniae
s__JABGRK01 sp018648325
s__JABIFK01 sp018650745
s__Lactobacillus pasteurii
s__Collinsella sp902835305
s__Iocasia fonsfrigidae
s__Sporofaciens sp947388185
s__UBA10649 sp903908025
s__Pseudomonas_E triticumensis
s__Firm-07 sp015064185
s__Vibrio sp002873335
s__JABEUX01 sp021786705
s__JADKCL01 sp016718825
s__JAAWCD01 sp022793095
s__Bartonella tribocorum
s__Puia sp001898505
s__Ruminococcus_C sp016297675
s__Cyclobacterium xiamenense
s__DAHWUP01 sp021780675
s__UBA1189 sp016291905
s__GCA-2402195 sp947505405
s__JACTMZ01 sp903953565
s__Mucispirillum sp944326705
s__JAEXUB01 sp027398005
s__CAG-873 sp002633115
s__Microbacterium sp003248845
s__SZUA-444 sp023440965
s__UBA6055 sp028873975
s__DDPF01 sp021849905
s__MPNO01 sp002239065
s__JAQVFF01 sp028695445
s__Pedobacter riviphilus
s__CAZU01 sp015062585
s__SXMI01 sp005777415
s__UBA8687 sp009873655
s__F0058 sp905372605
s__Lysobacter enzymogenes
s__KM106-2 sp945787925
s__MED-G52 sp029248915
s__Microbacterium profundi
s__Rhodoglobus amurskyensis
s__Nitrospira_A defluvii_A
s__Brevibacterium pigmentatum
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021816425
s__Treponema_D sp002392405
s__UBA2970 sp002348345
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_AA
s__VXMF01 sp028819215
s__Aeromicrobium tamlense
s__Endozoicomonas acroporae
s__Collinsella sp900541645
s__UBA4664 sp002415345
s__CAG-269 sp904387305
s__JABMPR01 sp014382565
s__Avidehalobacter sp948907985
s__Saccharofermentans sp002450095
s__UBA737 sp934486755
s__Mycobacterium sp022601135
s__Veillonella_A intestinalis
s__Streptomyces sp001509795
s__Poseidonibacter lekithochrous
s__CAIWMF01 sp021849805
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp944349735
s__JAIMJY01 sp020692945
s__Porcincola sp946405675
s__UBA1724 sp900771165
s__Streptococcus sp905221385
s__Collinsella sp900755005
s__RUG626 sp902765975
s__Shewanella schlegeliana
s__Robinsoniella sp900539655
s__Prevotella sp946540735
s__CAMAPP01 sp945860095
s__AcAMD-2 sp000754455
s__JAKEGN01 sp029865385
s__Sphingomonas sp001421715
s__Streptococcus cristatus_B
s__Methylotenera sp903838125
s__Kordiimonas sp947500295
s__UBA9973 sp018063015
s__Streptococcus suis_AF
s__Neisseria sp030504625
s__UBA8904 sp018056765
s__Tamlana_A agarivorans
s__Rhodospirillum sp021741145
s__UBA10364 sp002685435
s__Neoruminococcus faecicola
s__Corynebacterium sp017942225
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900538545
s__Spirillospora geliboluensis
s__HGM13006 sp905201305
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_G
s__T78 sp019136215
s__CAG-873 sp947175425
s__Mycobacterium iranicum
s__Palsa-1447 sp903891325
s__Pseudomonas_E versuta
s__Streptococcus massiliensis
s__Campylobacter_B blaseri
s__JABDMI01 sp013001575
s__UBA2796 sp002352035
s__CALZHW01 sp945787125
s__AG-339-G14 sp902536295
s__Dactylopiibacterium aquaticum
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947455465
s__UA16 sp002690915
s__UBA11358 sp903944085
s__CAG-269 sp900753165
s__CAG-1000 sp934090685
s__Amycolatopsis lurida
s__Roseibium sp001890945
s__Pontixanthobacter sp020630295
s__Spyradenecus sp017548245
s__Bradyrhizobium sp024199945
s__Palsa-739 sp025927435
s__Onthomonas sp020860385
s__Sulfurospirillum cavolei
s__Devosia litorisediminis
s__Fimbriimonas sp016125185
s__OLB19 sp002710785
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp902564345
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp944331875
s__V1-33 sp945861415
s__JALCOL01 sp022649665
s__CAKZWF01 sp937921865
s__Rhizorhabdus sp001428605
s__Sulfurovum sp027081115
s__Ochrobactrum sp006345815
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934725575
s__Flavonifractor sp944385615
s__Rhodoluna sp947453475
s__Rhodanobacter thiooxydans_A
s__Scatovivens sp002449785
s__Modicisalibacter sp947500835
s__Dehalobacter sp004343605
s__UBA791 sp934693165
s__JAADDL01 sp015488975
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023443515
s__Corynebacterium aurimucosum_F
s__UBA6163 sp007127095
s__Bacteroides neonati
s__JAPPFW01 sp028821575
s__Collinsella sp900541885
s__Limosilactobacillus merdavium
s__UBA5420 sp002424045
s__Desulfosarcina sp014237405
s__UBA6249 sp028711825
s__Poseidonibacter sp905479135
s__Streptomyces sp006088715
s__Alicyclobacillus hesperidum
s__Dyadobacter chenwenxiniae
s__Acinetobacter kyonggiensis
s__Limiplasma sp016297535
s__REEB91 sp018971305
s__Acutalibacter pullistercoris
s__UBA1712 sp902779505
s__JAFUXM01 sp017394925
s__Egerieousia sp902797895
s__CAG-873 sp947175535
s__UBA4207 sp002787775
s__CAJPSE01 sp003860125
s__SLLF01 sp003562335
s__WRKR01 sp009786315
s__Chersky-822 sp027366365
s__Prevotella sp947165505
s__T3SED10-7 sp007119965
s__Eubacterium_R sp014465955
s__UBA6099 sp002069885
s__UBA910 sp903870365
s__CAIYTD01 sp903928955
s__Phenylobacterium sp001425305
s__CAG-877 sp934162125
s__Oceanobacillus humi
s__UMGS1668 sp017536625
s__Collinsella sp958433005
s__UBA8444 sp003454845
s__UBA3478 sp018402205
s__Parachristensenella sp900542005
s__Fulvivirga sp007097395
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021790715
s__Mycoplasmopsis zalophidermidis
s__JADKFD01 sp020693165
s__CAG-269 sp946565805
s__Pseudomonas_E koreensis_G
s__CAIPHK01 sp903864835
s__Nitratireductor rhodophyticola
s__UBA3663 sp902776605
s__Petralouisia sp910575155
s__Achromobacter sp900156745
s__JAMCQF01 sp023379605
s__Sediminibacterium sp017983845
s__Trichodesmium sp023356605
s__UBA4636 sp002405915
s__CAISOG01 sp018883285
s__Thalassobaculum litoreum
s__CAG-269 sp934169725
s__Avigastranaerophilus faecigallinarum
s__JAJVIN01 sp022071945
s__CAG-1252 sp002395405
s__Acetatifactor sp022769665
s__HGM12587 sp900766915
s__Bacillus_A cereus_BD
s__JAACFB01 sp011772865
s__UBA1213 sp902800005
s__CAG-269 sp949455995
s__Streptococcus sp016458205
s__Corynebacterium pollutisoli
s__JABAQJ01 sp019186945
s__Pseudonocardia sp001725415
s__WTFY01 sp011523795
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_P
s__Methylocystis sp011058845
s__Oleispira sp002708475
s__UBA987 sp024679565
s__Treponema_D sp002393865
s__46-47 sp003644575
s__HTCC2207 sp025153755
s__Polynucleobacter sp030693775
s__O2-12-FULL-45-9 sp001823215
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903954045
s__Serratia_A fonticola_A
s__Marinomonas gallaica
s__Psychromonas sp009828855
s__Collinsella sp900544135
s__AAA536-G10 sp003278095
s__Acidaminococcus sp905215645
s__NK4A144 sp000746015
s__Thermoflexus hugenholtzii_A
s__UBA9973 sp000990145
s__Giesbergeria granuli
s__Treponema medium
s__MWCR01 sp002070095
s__Paramuribaculum sp900759915
s__Avilachnospira sp934402055
s__Flavobacterium sp947453195
s__JAEUJQ01 sp022843845
s__Nostoc sphaeroides
s__Fervidobacterium nodosum
s__JAIVJZ01 sp030841105
s__GCA-2693335 sp002724895
s__SLCJ01 sp007125835
s__Planktothrix tepida
s__Streptococcus minor
s__Avanaerovorax sp944386595
s__Pantoea phytobeneficialis
s__Pantoea astica
s__Flavobacterium sp013874595
s__CAISPN01 sp903869185
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp900111695
s__Solirhodobacter sp021845805
s__Arcticimaribacter sp018608425
s__VXMF01 sp022823865
s__Youhaiella tibetensis
s__Micromonospora globispora
s__NICIL-2 sp025055755
s__Chloroflexus sp000735195
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp945486175
s__S139-71 sp026996855
s__Vibrio celticus
s__SZUA-230 sp022567155
s__GCA-2715645 sp902628365
s__Mycobacterium sp001666755
s__PWMO01 sp007130025
s__JAJZXC01 sp021846365
s__CAG-170 sp900751035
s__UBA3766 sp017518735
s__28-YEA-48 sp903851305
s__Pelagibacter sp902619665
s__JAQTSV01 sp028711115
s__Pseudomonas_E vranovensis
s__UMGS1696 sp902773525
s__Paenibacillus riograndensis
s__Solirhodobacter sp021813645
s__ATN2 sp003577145
s__RUG806 sp017416485
s__UBA10185 sp000994815
s__Hydrogenimonas sp015490295
s__Streptomyces huasconensis
s__Cellulomonas_A cellasea
s__UBA1711 sp902774395
s__DTU013 sp023412665
s__Mediterraneibacter intestinigallinarum
s__Tenebrionibacter intestinalis
s__UBA961 sp002293005
s__UBA2093 sp945878785
s__Rothia sp916715725
s__JAJOIF01 sp021209525
s__Adiutrix intracellularis
s__Pediococcus inopinatus
s__Desulfuromusa sp021647765
s__Ruminococcus sp947176345
s__Laedolimicola sp944378225
s__Collinsella sp900757505
s__Mycoplasmopsis miroungigenitalium
s__Rubrivivax gelatinosus_B
s__UBA6794 sp002452835
s__Thermomonas mangrovi
s__J014 sp003697135
s__2-12-FULL-37-11 sp001776865
s__Novosphingobium sp900117425
s__Prochlorococcus_C sp000760295
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp900543935
s__UBA868 sp002295285
s__Paenibacillus_A tuaregi
s__Prevotella sp900556275
s__UBA952 sp029251865
s__Oceanicoccus sp000169075
s__UBA5976 sp947452765
s__Firm-04 sp016291435
s__Eubacterium_R sp902791235
s__GCA-2707915 sp902537425
s__Alicyclobacillus sendaiensis
s__UBA3282 sp947576945
s__Microvirga terrae
s__Hominiventricola sp951802115
s__Alistipes sp947573795
s__UBA3839 sp002393575
s__Mycobacterium sp030295745
s__RAAP-1 sp903839535
s__Pseudidiomarina piscicola
s__Avilachnospira avicola
s__Bhargavaea beijingensis
s__S15-B10 sp002448795
s__JAJYNN01 sp021786315
s__Hanamia sp019455085
s__JAJZWG01 sp021846795
s__Chromohalobacter marismortui
s__Marinisoma sp943788675
s__SpSt-501 sp938048455
s__Blautia_A sp934424575
s__Roseitalea sp017642895
s__Rhodoferax sp001771065
s__CG2-30-36-16 sp001873185
s__Sediminibacterium sp013391385
s__JADKHK01 sp016708465
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007119095
s__Prevotella sp002440225
s__Legionella steelei
s__2-02-FULL-51-10 sp001788965
s__Treponema_D sp902799665
s__Streptomyces prasinopilosus
s__UBA2645 sp945875925
s__RGIG5631 sp017534115
s__Streptomyces vinaceus
s__Pseudomonas_E sp013386585
s__46-47 sp001509335
s__YA12-FULL-51-18 sp903867985
s__Alloprevotella sp934255485
s__Chryseolinea sp029858965
s__Paenibacillus brasilensis
s__UBA1227 sp947302545
s__Bin5 sp022821545
s__MED-G09 sp003279705
s__UBA1096 sp002684915
s__GPS1B09 sp018335695
s__Schlesneria sp903840265
s__Chryseobacterium daecheongense
s__CAIYTF01 sp903929035
s__UBA2402 sp002343715
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903894995
s__Prevotella sp900762125
s__Leptogranulimonas sp012584445
s__UBA2653 sp002342175
s__Collinsella sp902405995
s__JAGNZR01 sp017984315
s__Sediminibacillus terrae
s__Vibrio sp022398115
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A mexicana_A
s__UBA3282 sp002492525
s__Prevotella sp902799765
s__Cellulomonas fimi
s__Enterosoma sp017470005
s__RAAP-2 sp028873575
s__CADEDU01 sp902826155
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp001707915
s__Rhizobium gallicum
s__UBA3869 sp002392285
s__Faecousia sp022781505
s__Rouxiella silvae
s__Microvirga massiliensis
s__Janibacter_A massiliensis
s__Faecalibacterium sp934553285
s__Aquabacterium sp947377275
s__UBA1246 sp002308315
s__Pauljensenia marseillensis
s__Nannocystis radixulma
s__Epibacterium sp004566265
s__Methylobacter_C sp945902915
s__Acididesulfobacter sp021809845
s__Hungateiclostridium sp001512505
s__CAIOMD01 sp903880655
s__Sporosarcina ureae_C
s__Edwardiiplasma lactucae
s__Streptomyces sporangiiformans
s__Methylobacterium sp000379105
s__Nocardioides marinisabuli
s__AAA164-E04 sp943788245
s__Mycobacterium mantenii
s__JAADFF01 sp013153035
s__UBA2376 sp018057825
s__JAMLGJ01 sp023957995
s__JAQVYV01 sp028708525
s__JAQBVJ01 sp027623235
s__JAJZCX01 sp021798235
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017477335
s__DUUS01 sp028699175
s__Dialister sp934178345
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000377205
s__Sanguibacter inulinus
s__UBA1213 sp900317395
s__Pseudomonas_E sp028656995
s__Caccovicinus sp946553025
s__UBA5941 sp002430735
s__Bifidobacterium angulatum_A
s__UBA4421 sp002725095
s__Methylobacterium isbiliense
s__20CM-2-70-11 sp001914535
s__Gordonia jinghuaiqii
s__Allomeiothermus silvanus
s__Imperialibacter sp902498805
s__UBA1259 sp905211955
s__Limnohabitans sp903856995
s__UBA6182 sp018333955
s__UBA1259 sp944367535
s__UBA924 sp002293725
s__Pseudomonas_E sihuiensis
s__UBA1997 sp002707585
s__Helicobacter cetorum_B
s__UBA1711 sp017509045
s__Arthrobacter_D sp013116745
s__JAQUPP01 sp028716665
s__Shewanella corallii
s__Roseiarcus sp003164825
s__Mucispirillum sp944324465
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003134655
s__CAIRTR01 sp903881565
s__Prevotella bergensis
s__UBA9145 sp023257655
s__Faecalibacterium sp934526125
s__UBA7173 sp900759895
s__Bacillus_A sp030292155
s__Limnohabitans_A sp017986055
s__Sphingomonas aurantiaca
s__Blautia_A sp900541985
s__BS524 sp018725275
s__Anaerofustis stercorihominis_A
s__CAG-533 sp934098485
s__Lawsonibacter sp900764755
s__Halanaerobium saccharolyticum_A
s__UBA10003 sp003514455
s__Streptomyces sp009865135
s__JAKBAT01 sp021811005
s__UBA3680 sp002372875
s__Dysgonomonas sp023437305
s__Herbiconiux flava
s__Rhodoluna limnophila
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AZ
s__42-11 sp001508835
s__Streptococcus mitis_CH
s__Rhizobium sp002211365
s__SIAQ01 sp005799265
s__Methylopumilus_A sp903870995
s__Rhodocyclus tenuis
s__Pullichristensenella sp002068815
s__Collinsella sp003462965
s__HGM05398 sp900767385
s__UBA1740 sp017935065
s__UBA721 sp002717145
s__DUAG01 sp012960925
s__Kineothrix sp910576535
s__JADYXR01 sp019637435
s__JAJYXT01 sp021827985
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_B
s__UBA4466 sp015665275
s__RUG410 sp002361365
s__Paenibacillus silagei
s__Limnohabitans sp945901125
s__Enterousia avistercoris
s__Halomonas ventosae
s__Helicobacter_D sp900770765
s__GCA-2401155 sp016763155
s__UBA1573 sp001871905
s__Spyradomonas sp900547585
s__UBA10281 sp022781715
s__VFBF01 sp006515885
s__Uliginosibacterium sp016718265
s__Pseudidiomarina sediminum
s__UBA1067 sp934621385
s__Faecalibacterium sp934548045
s__Cohnella algarum
s__Mycoplana sp021026345
s__JAAYOB01 sp028717805
s__Palsa-343 sp003152415
s__Aquimarina sp947496705
s__Cryptobacteroides intestinavium
s__JACZQV01 sp022566265
s__Streptococcus oralis_AA
s__Casp-alpha2 sp001510075
s__Eggerthella guodeyinii
s__Mediterraneibacter pullistercoris
s__UBA4372 sp017381015
s__Bilifractor sp900318405
s__E44-bin10 sp004377135
s__UBA6022 sp002404195
s__CAIPBJ01 sp903863255
s__Corynebacterium lujinxingii
s__Pauljensenia sp900556405
s__Pseudomonas_E fluvialis
s__SKRC01 sp007118695
s__Changpingibacter sp015679245
s__Cellulomonas xiejunii
s__Cellulosimicrobium cellulans_E
s__Secundilactobacillus silagei
s__Acidovorax sp024711405
s__Bifidobacterium anseris
s__Pullibacteroides sp944320265
s__UA16 sp002323795
s__Dietzia sp002415925
s__Streptomyces puniciscabiei
s__Pelagibacter sp902596925
s__Streptomyces sp000717875
s__Microseira sp003486305
s__Paludibacter sp024710005
s__Thermoanaerobacterium aotearoense
s__Saccharibacter sp009834765
s__Neobacillus sp002585305
s__Desulfosoma sp937960435
s__Commensalibacter papalotli
s__UBA2126 sp950063985
s__JAJTFW01 sp016709725
s__Phaeovulum veldkampii
s__Duodenibacillus sp003488465
s__Campylobacter_D sp016599045
s__Lysinibacillus sp023337795
s__UBA1753 sp017441585
s__Thiodiazotropha sp003094555
s__66-474 sp025928735
s__Faecalibacterium intestinavium
s__Microbacterium sp021117345
s__Streptococcus didelphis
s__DRMV01 sp011322445
s__Microbacterium sp001639925
s__JAAFHG01 sp947452925
s__RUG14300 sp945482995
s__UBA4720 sp002404335
s__Pseudofulvimonas gallinarii
s__Glutamicibacter ardleyensis
s__Nesterenkonia alkaliphila
s__Prevotella ruminicola_C
s__Frankia alpina
s__Microbacterium sp024623525
s__Anaerotignum sp944384295
s__Regiella insecticola
s__CAJMAW01 sp905211485
s__Halothiobacillus sp021801265
s__Stercorousia sp900752845
s__SKYB61 sp937928085
s__UBA10646 sp004292605
s__Collinsella sp900751695
s__Epilithonimonas ginsengisoli
s__SHAN690 sp943788725
s__SOIS01 sp004375965
s__Pseudothauera sedimentorum
s__UBA7455 sp003452295
s__RUG14258 sp902797345
s__Fibrobacter sp017526585
s__Rheinheimera sp018831085
s__Mesorhizobium caraganae
s__BuS5 sp000472805
s__Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis_C
s__NZWG01 sp002698235
s__Salinicola salarius
s__Desulfolinea sp018648685
s__Bacteroides intestinavium
s__Extensimonas perlucida
s__Egerieousia sp017398125
s__Roseobacter sp015644665
s__Lysobacter sp001429785
s__Mycobacterium doricum
s__CAIJOT01 sp903822335
s__CAJLIR01 sp947056845
s__TMED112 sp902579195
s__JAOUNA01 sp029881215
s__Nitrosomonas sp024235755
s__Negativicoccus sp900556745
s__Pontimonas sp002172585
s__Limnohabitans sp002778315
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AA
s__RUG11977 sp016282435
s__Marinitenerispora sediminis
s__TMED25 sp016780665
s__Collinsella sp900544465
s__Blautia sp900547685
s__VXNE01 sp028821515
s__RBG-16-34-14 sp001802795
s__JAFDVJ01 sp016715115
s__VXOI01 sp009840175
s__Runella defluvii
s__2-02-FULL-43-16 sp001821935
s__B68-G9 sp003645885
s__Chryseobacterium sp918698085
s__Gp6-AA45 sp003222535
s__JAJZPO01 sp021811155
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278535
s__Entomomonas moraniae
s__PALSA-747 sp903825945
s__B1SED10-225 sp007135105
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp001294455
s__Clostridium_AM carboxidivorans
s__Chryseobacterium nepalense
s__Ottowia sp900320815
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902797225
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp003590335
s__Olsenella_F profusa
s__20-14-all-45-10 sp009619075
s__Weizmannia acidilactici
s__Janthinobacterium lividum_D
s__Sediminibacterium sp004294135
s__Gluconacetobacter liquefaciens
s__Bombella pollinis
s__CAG-269 sp947567695
s__UBA9973 sp002788475
s__Blautia_A faecigallinarum
s__Angelakisella sp003453215
s__Streptococcus sp934229205
s__Bog-1198 sp021780475
s__Stenotrophomonas chelatiphaga
s__CAMDOH01 sp945903605
s__Dyadobacter fanqingshengii
s__2-02-FULL-37-13 sp001782195
s__CACKLF01 sp902533625
s__Rubrivivax gelatinosus_A
s__BACL27 sp016462185
s__Eubacterium_Q sp003520205
s__UBA1711 sp947165255
s__Senegalimassilia sp934636665
s__Streptomyces galbus
s__Anaerocolumna sp002434335
s__Herbaspirillum robiniae
s__Zapsychrus_A sp018812705
s__UBA1450 sp002788865
s__Cognaticolwellia sp003061515
s__MAG-120802 sp010032085
s__Vicinibacter sp019187365
s__CAJQQY01 sp937981555
s__Desulfovibrio sp003860215
s__Palsa-1032 sp003169735
s__Sodaliphilus sp947254205
s__QALR01 sp017937845
s__RH-chloro-G1 sp945903275
s__UBA9659 sp018656865
s__Limimorpha sp015061365
s__UBA8229 sp012964235
s__Vibrio spartinae
s__Wolbachia sp947251545
s__Curtobacterium pusillum
s__B1 sp021740845
s__JAJYVT01 sp021791145
s__CAIPUE01 sp903868125
s__JAJXWJ01 sp021781655
s__Streptococcus sp015594605
s__Pseudemcibacter sp018660225
s__Rhodoferax sp002789915
s__Dokdonella_A sp003142815
s__JAKCCV01 sp021827255
s__JAGQWW01 sp938010715
s__SLSJ01 sp007130525
s__Paenibacillus_G sp017833255
s__Staphylococcus rostri
s__SHYZ01 sp009692535
s__RFSX01 sp013001975
s__Variovorax sp030317205
s__UMGS1585 sp944324055
s__Sedimentibacter sp003487955
s__Terrimesophilobacter sp019639015
s__Casp-actino8 sp947454105
s__UBA10677 sp900760475
s__Peribacillus simplex_D
s__UBA6821 sp947482345
s__HGM12957 sp900760695
s__JACKKV01 sp024236235
s__JAHJAU01 sp018813785
s__RACS-045 sp029061605
s__CAIMPC01 sp903843285
s__Hominiventricola sp018223365
s__CAG-269 sp900762425
s__Syntrophopropionicum sp018435055
s__UBA6821 sp947471565
s__Microbispora aerata
s__Pseudoleptotrichia goodfellowii
s__SFEB01 sp934230325
s__AG-422-B15 sp902517885
s__Aquisediminimonas sp027491235
s__Secundilactobacillus collinoides
s__JADKHR01 sp016715645
s__Trinickia soli
s__Lawsonibacter sp019424865
s__Quinella sp017518105
s__BN30871 sp002483605
s__UM-FILTER-41-14 sp002788755
s__2-02-FULL-63-19 sp001770425
s__Scybalousia sp934130105
s__CAG-269 sp949077355
s__DRLX01 sp011322715
s__F0058 sp000163695
s__CAIYID01 sp903926205
s__Onthoplasma sp944377305
s__RGIG1681 sp948787875
s__CATOJU01 sp951801155
s__SIG208 sp947646095
s__1-14-2-50-31-20 sp018818165
s__2-12-FULL-50-11 sp001774395
s__Tautonia rosea
s__UBA4951 sp002296455
s__Sediminibacterium sp008080615
s__Legionella_C quinlivanii_A
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_X
s__Luteolibacter sp024233135
s__Onthousia sp014846175
s__QWOP01 sp903951635
s__AG-422-B15 sp902570675
s__UBA10085 sp003456765
s__Anaerosoma tenue
s__Bin80 sp022821875
s__AC2028 sp002373595
s__Streptococcus oralis_BD
s__JAKAVN01 sp021827495
s__Lacrimispora amygdalina_A
s__SHVO01 sp947476895
s__UBA3857 sp017541305
s__Nitrospira_D sp024331085
s__Alloalcanivorax gelatiniphagus
s__Listeria_A weihenstephanensis
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp903858075
s__Vreelandella sp002332255
s__Blochmannia pennsylvanicus
s__Pseudomonas nitroreducens_A
s__Cellulosimicrobium cellulans_D
s__Nanosynbacter sp900555675
s__H2-BAC3 sp015709675
s__Palsa-465 sp019244395
s__Paraburkholderia unamae
s__JANWWM01 sp938003965
s__SYAR01 sp945890035
s__Sinorhizobium terangae
s__Pelagibacter sp902519945
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp903934795
s__4484-276 sp002254335
s__JAJZXK01 sp021806565
s__Nesterenkonia massiliensis
s__Prevotella sp945829115
s__Flavobacterium sp017989775
s__JADJCH01 sp016703325
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp027485735
s__MGBC102946 sp949505625
s__JANWVO01 sp937920635
s__Pelethenecus bactoclasticus_A
s__Acetomicrobium sp002385485
s__Proteiniphilum sp011620695
s__JAJZSC01 sp021849995
s__Acidipropionibacterium thoenii
s__UBA2730 sp900320505
s__Mycobacterium sp001667075
s__Mycobacterium talmoniae
s__CAG-269 sp900553125
s__Oliverpabstia sp004562915
s__DRGV01 sp018903055
s__Flavobacterium pygoscelis
s__Mucispirillum sp944324495
s__UBA9554 sp003512825
s__Obscuribacter sp016712465
s__Mesobacillus selenatarsenatis_A
s__Vicinibacter sp016714025
s__Faecousia sp028719885
s__UBA9410 sp022452145
s__IGN3 sp018059515
s__Vineibacter sp003574685
s__GCA-002708315 sp002708315
s__CAMCXT01 sp947497195
s__Giesbergeria sp024710165
s__Ureaplasma intestinipullorum
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003131635
s__Allorhizobium sp022953395
s__UBA3766 sp902789665
s__UBA6345 sp944380265
s__SCTM01 sp947476275
s__RUG11194 sp017445805
s__XYC2-FULL-38-9 sp001818355
s__Chryseobacterium sp027945075
s__Parabacteroides intestinigallinarum
s__Rubrivivax sp016707445
s__Phosphoribacter baldrii
s__Clostridium sp015550425
s__Seleniivibrio woodruffii
s__GWB1-54-5 sp002787035
s__UBA2377 sp903952145
s__JAAXHV01 sp022826885
s__Methylomonas methanica
s__CAIQEU01 sp947456095
s__JAHBTC01 sp002162095
s__CAG-568 sp002399765
s__Lawsonibacter sp947649625
s__UMGS75 sp900752975
s__UBA4116 sp021203545
s__4484-232 sp002084985
s__Bartonella bovis
s__Gluconobacter kanchanaburiensis
s__Phenylobacterium sp018240795
s__Streptomyces milbemycinicus
s__KBS-96 sp025927575
s__Prochlorococcus_C sp913047395
s__Aestuariivirga sp947475225
s__PALSA-747 sp903928395
s__Klebsiella indica
s__Roseburia sp947573605
s__C-19 sp947385085
s__Vreelandella populi
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_K
s__Azonexus sp016705475
s__Bulleidia sp902793635
s__Collinsella sp900762355
s__QYPT01 sp903924485
s__JAACFB01 sp029884455
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp005798685
s__Anabaena variabilis_A
s__Micromonospora marina
s__Lactococcus_A reticulitermitis
s__Kaistella antarctica
s__Bin90 sp009840355
s__Collinsella sp900541015
s__UBA12014 sp937919685
s__Vibrio caribbeanicus
s__RUG11977 sp017427685
s__DUPQ01 sp012838235
s__JAJZGK01 sp021798485
s__RH2-MAG17b sp021817045
s__Zwartia sp030728985
s__Fusobacterium_A sp900764925
s__Pelethomonas sp022804995
s__Mycobacterium lacus
s__Aphodosoma intestinipullorum
s__Firm-04 sp001940925
s__Variovorax sp014303735
s__Coprenecus merdigallinarum
s__Aeromicrobium sp024508295
s__JAJZRV01 sp021850135
s__CALWPC01 sp944383325
s__Collinsella sp902388345
s__Sedimenticola selenatireducens
s__Luminiphilus sp016778085
s__Paenibacillus_A vini
s__Microbacterium invictum
s__CALUVN01 sp944324235
s__Corynebacterium sp000478175
s__Thauera chlorobenzoica
s__Flavobacterium profundi_A
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210285
s__Rhodoferax antarcticus
s__Phocaeicola ilei
s__Nanosynbacter sp022828325
s__JAHJTX01 sp018829545
s__UBA953 sp903924185
s__Borreliella spielmanii
s__Hydrocarboniclastica marina
s__Paenibacillus_A faecis
s__JAFMDF01 sp938010785
s__VMGT01 sp007376725
s__Alistipes sp017398695
s__Pontimonas sp027728145
s__UBA4096 sp945905815
s__Psychrobacter alimentarius_A
s__Alishewanella aestuarii
s__Mailhella massiliensis
s__SFLA01 sp017399965
s__Prevotella marshii
s__F23-B02 sp022784505
s__Rhodoluna sp009704605
s__JACDHN01 sp013821025
s__Bulleidia sp022767445
s__Hominisplanchenecus sp905214675
s__Collinsella sp900757235
s__Mycobacterium ostraviense
s__Mycobacterium sp001644575
s__OLB9 sp016714445
s__Collinsella sp900555585
s__Nanopelagicus sp943324025
s__Amycolatopsis magusensis
s__Aquamicrobium_A sediminum
s__Acetomicrobium sp012518015
s__Vicinibacter sp016722295
s__UBA11136 sp030739855
s__CSSed10-48 sp007130445
s__UBA1822 sp958348245
s__Thauera linaloolentis
s__Acetatifactor sp902796105
s__JAJYKS01 sp021788365
s__Lujinxingia sediminis
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp017934625
s__CAG-791 sp902801415
s__JAGLZA01 sp023131835
s__RUG695 sp900321495
s__UBA966 sp945877905
s__UBA12499 sp016177555
s__Ehrlichia muris
s__JABZIP01 sp015258265
s__Phocaeicola sp017420875
s__Collinsella sp900762015
s__CAIWHR01 sp903912485
s__GCA-002782345 sp002782345
s__Tateyamaria sp900143535
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp018662905
s__JABJJH01 sp018660965
s__Geminisphaera colitermitum
s__JAJYCY01 sp021785795
s__Alistipes sp945494785
s__TCS61 sp018645365
s__Cognaticolwellia aestuarii
s__UBA11426 sp002346225
s__Quinella sp017527075
s__AWVT01 sp000469545
s__Streptococcus oralis_BH
s__Luminiphilus sp009937065
s__RUG658 sp017525905
s__Bin18 sp002238415
s__Chryseobacterium sp019613955
s__Pelagibacter sp902519255
s__RAAP-2 sp903854175
s__Streptomyces hygroscopicus_B
s__UBA3855 sp902767115
s__Lysinibacillus sphaericus_E
s__Moorella sp003116935
s__JAJYUU01 sp030041135
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021798875
s__HIMB59 sp902521835
s__Paraburkholderia bannensis_A
s__Nocardioides faecalis
s__BD2-11 sp009840525
s__Cellulomonas sp023432565
s__Allorhizobium vitis_H
s__CAJWLW01 sp913042885
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023390335
s__Pseudomonas_E libanensis
s__JAJYTV01 sp021793645
s__UBA7748 sp003862175
s__UBA8438 sp002712885
s__GWC2-37-13 sp023381015
s__Roseburia_A porci
s__JASHVB01 sp030037665
s__Achromobacter sp001270295
s__JAPOUT01 sp026708545
s__Marinisoma sp016777965
s__Streptomyces spiramyceticus
s__Haemophilus sp001276515
s__UBA10103 sp903881205
s__Borkfalkia sp944328845
s__Sideroxyarcus sp018814405
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_A
s__AAA300-D14 sp002711285
s__HIMB59 sp902560595
s__UBA3940 sp002385675
s__IMCC26207 sp945901935
s__Salana multivorans
s__Flavobacterium sp000708595
s__IMCC26134_A sp903869675
s__HTCC2207 sp913060735
s__Alistipes sp904502285
s__Hominisplanchenecus sp022769625
s__UMGS1124 sp934086185
s__HUN007 sp017438745
s__Fen-1298 sp003155495
s__Chryseobacterium piscium
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_K
s__Barnesiella merdipullorum
s__Psychrosphaera saromensis
s__Vulcanococcus sp024345835
s__UBA1124 sp002313265
s__Enterocola intestinipullorum
s__Corynebacterium sp030450335
s__Sphingobacterium spiritivorum_A
s__Oceanibaculum indicum
s__CAITKP01 sp027023805
s__Ruminococcus_E sp002394725
s__JABDQA01 sp905479735
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_F
s__XYC2-FULL-37-10 sp001771535
s__Acetocimmeria pyornia
s__Dokdonella_A sp019634845
s__Collinsella sp958372075
s__SKQS01 sp007118895
s__UBA854 sp002364485
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023074185
s__67-14 sp001897355
s__Agathobaculum merdavium
s__Giesbergeria sp017987055
s__UBA4132 sp002256685
s__Arenitalea lutea
s__Blautia_A faecipullorum
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947447465
s__Tepidimonas fonticaldi
s__Leptotrichia_A sp001274535
s__JJ008 sp903879995
s__RUG11551 sp902770245
s__Onthousia sp900760545
s__Aureimonas sp001442755
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp004555915
s__Cryptobacteroides excrementipullorum
s__Limadaptatus sp944372795
s__Rhizobium sp001657485
s__UBA9933 sp001000675
s__Streptococcus timonensis
s__UBA9910 sp003444085
s__Rubrobacter_D sp016781725
s__Treponema_F brennaborense
s__FEN-1297 sp021831685
s__Luteimonas_D sp016615955
s__QAKD01 sp944386585
s__Muricomes faecalis
s__JAJYPT01 sp021795135
s__Bythopirellula sp002713555
s__Dysgonomonas sp945273835
s__Bifidobacterium vespertilionis
s__Herbidospora solisilvae
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp900169975
s__Alistipes sp015060165
s__UBA6107 sp012798065
s__Bact-08 sp028700975
s__Lawsonibacter sp910578735
s__JAKBCU01 sp021807565
s__JAGOQQ01 sp017991395
s__JAJACK01 sp022601535
s__JABCZS01 sp013289605
s__Aldehydirespirator sp022820805
s__Neobacillus sp002272245
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AP
s__DTU074 sp002385885
s__Zeimonas sp001724855
s__JAKAFK01 sp021788645
s__Bellilinea sp003448875
s__Planktophila sp009698845
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_S
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007131235
s__DMST01 sp003454975
s__UMGS1754 sp900554815
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_G
s__RGIG4708 sp905210855
s__Microbacterium terrae
s__CAJWGI01 sp913031335
s__XYB1-36-10 sp001821375
s__UBA7446 sp027621175
s__Palsa-465 sp021810705
s__Geobacillus proteiniphilus
s__Faecousia sp945875335
s__Polaribacter dokdonensis
s__Leuconostoc holzapfelii
s__Bradyrhizobium japonicum_G
s__TMED14 sp024639785
s__JADJTT01 sp016703765
s__Emticicia sp002855535
s__Fimbriimonas sp903833215
s__AG-337-I02 sp902584805
s__Methylopumilus sp003533095
s__Ectothiorhodospira lacustris
s__Microbulbifer elongatus
s__Parasynechococcus sp913050565
s__Dolosicoccus paucivorans
s__JABJGS01 sp018703155
s__Rhizobium sp001692325
s__Paenibacillus sonchi
s__Bulleidia sp934725105
s__Schlesneria paludicola_C
s__Methylobacterium sp001422815
s__Cellulomonas dongxiuzhuiae
s__Prevotella sp002353485
s__Nitrosomonas sp009833095
s__UBA5500 sp002427055
s__UBA6213 sp030684035
s__GMQP-bins7 sp005888365
s__JAAYUB01 sp017996395
s__Methylopumilus rimovensis
s__CALXSC01 sp944392135
s__CALGTL01 sp027618515
s__SG8-38 sp029861865
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017427385
s__CAADGY01 sp900696665
s__UBA3907 sp018052455
s__Thiomonas sp021847345
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016286145
s__OLB17 sp003577445
s__Campylobacter_B corcagiensis
s__Pelagisphaera sp002474325
s__Butyrivibrio sp000420845
s__Micromonospora echinospora
s__UBA3537 sp002709185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902788095
s__UBA1067 sp002363575
s__GCF-002259525 sp020410785
s__UBA961 sp016873735
s__JAJYPG01 sp021805585
s__Avilachnospira sp024405155
s__Rodentibacter trehalosifermentans
s__GCA-2729495 sp002729495
s__UBA2598 sp002339345
s__Curtobacterium sp026544205
s__Prevotella sp946999045
s__Luteimonas_D fraxinea
s__GCA-2683775 sp018652335
s__Methyloversatilis sp030696805
s__B13-G4 sp030627405
s__UBA7805 sp002480485
s__Vescimonas sp002392625
s__SXON01 sp005778355
s__Lacticaseibacillus mingshuiensis
s__JAAFHB01 sp903834845
s__GCA-2686595 sp002686595
s__Faecousia sp905215665
s__RGIG9985 sp017934045
s__Endobacter medicaginis
s__Aphodousia sp900553105
s__Fastidiosipila sanguinis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016293535
s__Palsa-1382 sp003167365
s__TMED112 sp016779525
s__Sodaliphilus sp902781045
s__CAG-269 sp934130935
s__Faecousia sp934654755
s__RF16 sp902774185
s__Treponema_D sp002391235
s__Pseudomonas_E iranensis
s__Paracoccus sp014164625
s__Alcaligenes pakistanensis
s__JALGZG01 sp025782345
s__Paucibacter_A sp947450745
s__HY038 sp014117425
s__RAAP-2 sp021818265
s__GWA2-73-35 sp001790315
s__Borkfalkia sp944359385
s__B1 sp947446605
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021807675
s__UBA1123 sp030743915
s__UMGS1491 sp934692675
s__BMS3Bbin07 sp003232715
s__JALNZU01 sp002421995
s__Microbacterium sp001724425
s__Lachnospira sp947088865
s__UMGS1601 sp021199305
s__VSOB01 sp022779165
s__UBA952 sp022425625
s__Vescimonas sp902765025
s__UBA2264 sp028704155
s__UBA2922 sp905236515
s__SKNL01 sp007132975
s__JAUWRC01 sp030640665
s__UBA6927 sp002717725
s__64-32 sp001508155
s__Pristimantibacillus glycanilyticus
s__Pseudomonas_E guguanensis
s__Mycobacterium moriokaense
s__Collinsella sp900761615
s__Acuticoccus yangtzensis
s__Pseudoduganella albidiflava
s__JAAYLU01 sp002068355
s__AG-422-B15 sp902588785
s__Vibrio halioticoli
s__Bacillus rugosus
s__Alkalimarinus coralli
s__Polynucleobacter wuianus
s__Cyclobacterium marinum
s__Arthrobacter oxydans_A
s__JALRLA01 sp027621365
s__Lactococcus_A plantarum
s__RUG12817 sp902782895
s__Yoonia sp947501555
s__Chryseotalea sp021298355
s__RUG695 sp017434455
s__Thauera aromatica_A
s__Palsa-1315 sp018971525
s__Neisseria lisongii
s__RPRC01 sp002419385
s__Capnocytophaga felis
s__Acinetobacter sp000369505
s__RFPI01 sp009926205
s__Neisseria sicca_C
s__Micromonospora sp027497235
s__AE-B3B sp005223085
s__DMER64 sp002071175
s__Limnohabitans sp947448745
s__Alicyclobacillus suci
s__Thomasclavelia spiroformis_A
s__Robiginitomaculum sp938010385
s__Veillonella sp900545205
s__CAIYPG01 sp903928055
s__Limosilactobacillus alvi
s__JAJZQI01 sp021851875
s__Scatolibacter sp900549675
s__RUG762 sp900317765
s__HTCC2207 sp905182265
s__Fonsibacter lacus
s__GWA2-66-18 sp001799675
s__Hirschia sp002709235
s__CANLWN01 sp947494825
s__Arsukibacterium sp002364615
s__Acetatifactor sp016293615
s__Actinomarina sp902593795
s__JAICNR01 sp025937815
s__UBA1179 sp902782245
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_P
s__UMGS1976 sp017383985
s__SFGY01 sp946220865
s__Streptomyces triticirhizae
s__Ruegeria sp003443535
s__UBA9959 sp021811405
s__UBA2813 sp902766975
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AP
s__Acidovorax soli
s__Fen-1137 sp003158735
s__UBA3088 sp002367275
s__SIG640 sp015064885
s__JACTMZ01 sp945871065
s__Brotonthovivens ammoniilytica
s__CAG-449 sp905204225
s__Ruminococcus_C sp019417865
s__Sphingobacterium lactis
s__Rhodococcus jostii_A
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp016789105
s__Sphingomonas sp913777325
s__UBA1127 sp002311595
s__UBA10566 sp028709955
s__RUG572 sp017459225
s__UBA2912 sp900314775
s__JAPPHY01 sp028877205
s__Sphingomonas sp001421355
s__Coproplasma sp944341075
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017464135
s__Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense
s__JAMPCJ01 sp023666275
s__Bifidobacterium bohemicum
s__RGIG7111 sp030530305
s__Bradyrhizobium stylosanthis
s__Kocuria turfanensis
s__Parabacteroides sp900552465
s__Vibrio barjaei
s__Bacillus_A rhizoplanae
s__2-02-FULL-45-21 sp001805845
s__Rhizobium etli_B
s__RACS-045 sp029068165
s__Borkfalkia sp944342025
s__Rhodoluna sp947455435
s__Scybalomonas excrementigallinarum
s__Psychrobacter sp029264635
s__Nanosyncoccus sp002393165
s__Sutterella sp905192805
s__JALNWK01 sp023230925
s__JAACFB01 sp029864095
s__CAG-273 sp904378095
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900546175
s__JABWBP01 sp013360445
s__Thiorhodovibrio_B sp007128075
s__Curtobacterium sp003762905
s__Saccharopolyspora endophytica
s__Nocardioides_C sp025966335
s__Avoscillospira_A sp022792945
s__SXYR01 sp903951405
s__Faecivicinus sp934663595
s__Marivariicella sp002690805
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp902775195
s__Tenderia sp945787735
s__Azonexus sp900549295
s__Fructobacillus tropaeoli
s__Thiovibrio sp002347095
s__Paralcaligenes sp004297945
s__CAG-557 sp948968885
s__RGIG3732 sp022768945
s__BACL14 sp027621535
s__Streptomyces sp001279725
s__Chlorobium sp903859055
s__UBA2144 sp018818235
s__Methyloversatilis sp016791045
s__Rhodobaculum sp007131685
s__Eubacterium_Q sp002391105
s__Celeribacter halophilus
s__JAAYUB01 sp012517875
s__PALSA-1005 sp016717855
s__UBA3210 sp022772105
s__UBA6594 sp002480165
s__UMGS2037 sp934371505
s__JAFBIO01 sp021531255
s__Galloscillospira_A excrementavium
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947482125
s__JAQUTO01 sp028694305
s__Streptococcus sp030272855
s__RDXZ01 sp004294005
s__Aquisediminimonas sp009920915
s__Desulfuromonas sp001751155
s__Halofilum sp007134775
s__Waddlia chondrophila
s__Leptofilum sp020634455
s__JAKALS01 sp021824155
s__65-79 sp001896885
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007118445
s__UBA7657 sp002483465
s__JAHJFW01 sp018824765
s__Gottfriedia sp002559405
s__SHAN690 sp002389645
s__Eubacterium_R sp900547915
s__Limimorpha sp900318265
s__Gordonia tangerina
s__F23-D06 sp017544105
s__Capnocytophaga haemolytica
s__UBA9627 sp003452965
s__HGM12657 sp900760575
s__Caloramator australicus
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp900768675
s__Colwellia sp003545415
s__GWA2-73-35 sp001790205
s__Bacteroides_D sp013333835
s__Saccharofermentans sp902780785
s__E44-bin18 sp004376575
s__Actinomyces oris_B
s__Palsa-1315 sp005116885
s__Gemella haemolysans_D
s__Prevotella sp900315035
s__Prevotella sp946185805
s__Nitrospira_D sp029865485
s__Dasania phycosphaerae
s__BMS3ABIN14 sp002897695
s__Acidiphilium sp021849425
s__WM-009 sp013822085
s__Legionella quateirensis
s__DQVG01 sp027002265
s__Microbacterium oleivorans_A
s__JAKEHA01 sp029865265
s__KA00134 sp001574395
s__Pseudoalteromonas galatheae
s__CALKXS01 sp937936645
s__Chania oryzae
s__Limnohabitans sp947374535
s__UBA12481 sp903851365
s__Alangreenwoodia sp905206455
s__UBA5951 sp009936885
s__RAAP-2 sp003152555
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013288235
s__Scatoplasma sp902772915
s__Metabacillus sp947503125
s__SIBS01 sp009695045
s__JAABVY01 sp011777135
s__UBA3031 sp002367635
s__Phytoplasma sp000309485
s__Polaribacter sp937936695
s__Vreelandella glaciei
s__Pelagibacter sp902534735
s__JAJRXG01 sp938039305
s__Mycobacterium sp000455205
s__AcAMD-5 sp030834185
s__Alistipes faecavium
s__JADLDD01 sp020846855
s__Colwellia marinimaniae
s__B12-G15 sp003646055
s__PALSA-1296 sp030706385
s__Haloferula sp002304315
s__Marinobacter persicus_A
s__JALSNJ01 sp026991555
s__Planktothricoides sp001276715
s__RUG191 sp900316395
s__RUG11257 sp017650285
s__Amycolatopsis sp003947415
s__UBA1067 sp902800055
s__Streptomyces sp000720175
s__Aestuariivirga sp025359265
s__Desulfacyla euxinica
s__Alistipes sp029060215
s__Akkermansia sp017415995
s__Prevotella sp902801375
s__Avimicrobium sp934845495
s__JAGODF01 sp017998375
s__Paenibacillus_B aquistagni
s__CAG-510 sp014804445
s__Patiriisocius sp947488905
s__Bacteroides sp900547205
s__MED-G13 sp902557655
s__Campylobacter_B ureolyticus_A
s__Ferruginibacter sp947466405
s__RUG472 sp902798825
s__SP4260 sp002715745
s__Actinobacillus ureae
s__RUG12931 sp017405085
s__Bifidobacterium canis
s__RGIG4131 sp017536405
s__UBA2965 sp002348385
s__Alkalispirochaeta sp007130865
s__Burkholderia cepacia_C
s__UBA1550 sp001823535
s__Avimonas sp028706415
s__Burkholderia pseudomultivorans
s__UBA2192 sp002327315
s__Polaromonas sp021737905
s__M3007 sp903905445
s__CALGZD01 sp938038395
s__Prevotella sp905233985
s__Nitrospira_D sp029865345
s__Pyramidobacter piscolens_A
s__UBA953 sp903913915
s__Actinopolyspora saharensis
s__JAFLBI01 sp017303835
s__Ferruginibacter sp018266715
s__UBA1753 sp017544285
s__CAJXCW01 sp913051705
s__UBA4372 sp902775385
s__Bordetella_A sp002261265
s__Actinomyces respiraculi
s__Desulfotignum sp021737695
s__Marisimplicoccus sp004213645
s__DSVZ01 sp937946835
s__Enterousia sp902801125
s__Shimia marina
s__Micromonospora_E sp030345075
s__Fibrobacter sp900177705
s__JALCST01 sp022653675
s__Prevotella sp900550365
s__Oribacterium sp002431355
s__OLB17 sp013695195
s__Ignatzschineria sp002252045
s__F0422 sp900544365
s__UBA1259 sp934271275
s__JABEVD01 sp021848705
s__Collinsella sp900757285
s__Faecalibacterium sp934525735
s__UBA5448 sp002427425
s__LD21 sp003142255
s__MSPOR6 sp022824835
s__DTU019 sp001512785
s__Aurantimicrobium minutum
s__MWH-TA3 sp009704155
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900320365
s__Ardenticatena maritima
s__GCA001735715 sp027620655
s__CAG-245 sp934122035
s__Avimonas faecium
s__Kluyvera georgiana
s__Prevotella sp934204655
s__Vescimonas sp934597345
s__Peptostreptococcus canis
s__QHBS01 sp003243885
s__UBA11606 sp905480195
s__Mesoplasma entomophilum
s__Luteolibacter sp903906515
s__Streptomyces longwoodensis
s__Fusobacterium sp000235465
s__JABEVA01 sp021851715
s__JAEYXD01 sp023428645
s__JANQGG01 sp028277445
s__Dokdonella sp019634775
s__Lysinibacillus sp006864135
s__Acinetobacter sp004336635
s__Aquimarina sp900299525
s__Xanthomonas fragariae_A
s__Parazoarcus communis
s__CAIJLM01 sp903821495
s__Casp-actino8 sp001510335
s__Mariniphaga sp028702595
s__DTOV01 sp029553295
s__Vreelandella sp003031405
s__Leuconostoc kimchii
s__CAG-269 sp934120675
s__Streptomyces erythrochromogenes
s__Actinomyces succiniciruminis
s__UBA4142 sp002400365
s__UBA8639 sp020632595
s__Dyella sp002878475
s__Arthrobacter sp900168295
s__Microsaccharimonas sp001897305
s__Streptomyces lincolnensis
s__GCA-2720975 sp012959525
s__Ferruginibacter stuttgartiensis_A
s__UBA1668 sp002364555
s__UBA5444 sp002426575
s__CAG-269 sp948472955
s__UBA2913 sp002349925
s__BACL27 sp945878705
s__Myxococcus virescens
s__Pedobacter antarcticus
s__MFBS3-17 sp014041915
s__Prevotella sp900315635
s__Paenibacillus_O sp002243345
s__AG-422-B15 sp902547605
s__GWA1-44-29 sp001001285
s__Aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus
s__Aquicoccus porphyridii
s__Pseudomonas_E typographi
s__Flavobacterium sp943328505
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_A
s__Paraburkholderia eburnea
s__Xenorhabdus indica
s__Fervidobacterium pennivorans
s__SXYR01 sp945897185
s__CAIRAY01 sp903876665
s__Paenibacillus_O humicus
s__Stercorousia sp905212085
s__Stenotrophomonas sp014621775
s__Colwellia_A hornerae
s__Rhizomicrobium sp903857685
s__Methylohalobius sp001566965
s__Prevotella sp902770635
s__SYGM01 sp005799545
s__Vescimonas sp934589835
s__Avimicrobium faecavium
s__DYOP01 sp020720425
s__RGUW01 sp027486935
s__Rhizobacter sp001425825
s__Dickeya lacustris
s__CAIVAT01 sp903828645
s__JAKAHT01 sp021824045
s__SAR86A sp902591925
s__Planktomarina sp905182535
s__JAGOFO01 sp029555025
s__Pseudomonas_E bharatica
s__UM-FILTER-43-11-A sp002791035
s__Corynebacterium meitnerae
s__UBA1142 sp012960225
s__Gilliamella sp945271295
s__CAG-793 sp948524275
s__Marinifilum flexuosum
s__PCRC01 sp017848435
s__MGBC133411 sp017935485
s__JAEZHK01 sp023411175
s__Pelagibacter sp009693705
s__Bifidobacterium vaginale_I
s__UBA9040 sp905182565
s__CAADHD01 sp020847635
s__Anaerococcus vaginimassiliensis
s__GCA-002727615 sp002715265
s__Novosphingobium sp937864195
s__Streptomyces musisoli
s__Endozoicomonas sp024606225
s__Dyadobacter sp001898145
s__Nitrospira_D sp024998685
s__UBA4457 sp943787625
s__Coproplasma sp949746255
s__Palsa-1248 sp003152485
s__Alloprevotella sp900556465
s__Prauserella_A endophytica
s__CAG-873 sp905193995
s__Gemmiger sp904374465
s__Fibrobacter sp016285835
s__JABFGF01 sp013112635
s__JAANXI01 sp021734025
s__Phascolarctobacterium sp900551745
s__Marinisoma sp902599655
s__Alitiscatomonas sp022788065
s__UBA1847 sp018699395
s__Kiloniella majae
s__HUN007 sp016296165
s__Pseudomonas_E ovata
s__HRBIN39 sp015490605
s__SKVR01 sp007135645
s__Sphingomonas sp002280565
s__Collinsella sp900751665
s__Psychrobacter sp012847335
s__UBA4421 sp002731575
s__Sideroxyarcus sp021847165
s__Aetokthonos hydrillicola
s__UBA1227 sp017451425
s__Desulfovibrio intestinavium
s__Halodesulfovibrio aestuarii
s__JAKAMF01 sp021813045
s__Mycobacterium gordonae_B
s__Pseudohongiella sp030651695
s__Sphingobacterium sp002734245
s__CAG-793 sp900557475
s__JAKSBP01 sp022361035
s__UBA7312 sp902580855
s__NBML01 sp013792075
s__STF2-37 sp028705775
s__B13-G4 sp018897415
s__MAG-120802 sp005777515
s__Rudaea sp005503555
s__JAQUCI01 sp028686295
s__JAKALC01 sp021839985
s__CACLCV01 sp016779485
s__CAIUKX01 sp943326825
s__OLB9 sp016714765
s__Eubacterium_F sp022769325
s__Zwartia sp021738045
s__Dialister sp900543455
s__Paraprevotella sp017937925
s__SXYR01 sp943327275
s__Acinetobacter sp000313935
s__Luteolibacter sp905182475
s__Pirellula_B sp903858115
s__UBA12189 sp003530835
s__Tsukamurella ocularis
s__Streptomyces sp019090105
s__Prevotella sp902792635
s__Flavobacterium collinsii
s__GCA-2722455 sp002722455
s__UBA1547 sp903952435
s__BRH-c25 sp022706865
s__Enorma phocaeensis
s__Sutterella sp905194315
s__SCSY01 sp919901705
s__JAJZEO01 sp021847505
s__Aphodocola sp944329425
s__Limnohabitans sp005786815
s__PHOS-HE28 sp002342985
s__UBA11549 sp902777205
s__Moanabacter tarae
s__HTCC2207 sp905478975
s__QGON01 sp016756855
s__UBA4372 sp017447625
s__Prevotella sp900322095
s__Rhodopila sp021805665
s__Sutterella sp944392755
s__Anoxybacillus_C caldiproteolyticus
s__Paenibacillus_I darwinianus
s__CALZJG01 sp945787555
s__JAJRTA01 sp029860345
s__UBA9934 sp018896835
s__Acetatifactor sp944383825
s__CAG-557 sp948537335
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023409265
s__JAPKEZ01 sp029243845
s__Aureimonas altamirensis_A
s__UBA1149 sp012960245
s__UBA1217 sp017429685
s__Azospirillum agricola
s__Merdicola sp944390295
s__Bacteroides zoogleoformans
s__S5133MH16 sp019313505
s__Arthrobacter nicotinovorans_B
s__Rhodoluna sp009703465
s__Granulicatella sp900551535
s__JAKJED01 sp022705575
s__Helicobacter_E suis_B
s__Paracoccus aerius
s__Taishania pollutisoli
s__UBA1711 sp902778925
s__Roseibium polysiphoniae
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp018267925
s__CALZGI01 sp945786855
s__Schlesneria sp903899985
s__Roseburia_B sp951800425
s__Aquirufa fluvialis_B
s__Planobispora rosea
s__Chryseobacterium sp900156935
s__Gp6-AA40 sp945903265
s__Caminicella sporogenes
s__UBA3439 sp003212345
s__UBA8592 sp002712415
s__Casimicrobium sp018241765
s__Jeotgalicoccus_A schoeneichii
s__RSA5 sp002919235
s__Pseudomonas_E lutea
s__UBA7862 sp002500135
s__Anaerobiospirillum sp023051105
s__RFVC01 sp023257855
s__CAIOYC01 sp903837135
s__UBA3282 sp023666335
s__Paucilactobacillus nenjiangensis
s__TMED26 sp002694075
s__CAIZWN01 sp903847405
s__Phocaeicola sp029218405
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp945866285
s__Micromonospora inyonensis
s__RUG612 sp900320605
s__Collinsella sp900752545
s__Aliiroseovarius sediminis
s__Azospirillum brasilense_B
s__Porphyromonas sp905372525
s__Bipolaricaulis sp022838705
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp947066105
s__RF16 sp900317345
s__JACOMS01 sp937924355
s__UBA7050 sp002493905
s__Succinivibrio sp022779845
s__TMED27 sp002687495
s__DTU049 sp001513285
s__JABDJB01 sp013003425
s__Lepagella sp905198125
s__Dictyoglomus thermophilum
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A spadix
s__Levilactobacillus spicheri
s__Stercorousia sp900767135
s__Treponema_D sp945877425
s__UBA796 sp002296975
s__Corynebacterium heidelbergense
s__BS524 sp018333655
s__Neisseria sicca_B
s__Microbacterium sp024623545
s__UBA2450 sp002373085
s__Flavobacterium pokkalii
s__Paramuribaculum sp900546365
s__Butyrivibrio sp000423945
s__JAAYEV01 sp012728565
s__Pelagibacter sp003213155
s__Pseudomonas_E viridiflava_C
s__UBA4572 sp021828805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900316955
s__WLRQ01 sp021784035
s__XBB1006 sp017615375
s__Thioglobus_A sp028352435
s__Legionella sp014109805
s__UBA738 sp934533005
s__Parabacteroides sp002159645
s__Fournierella pullicola
s__Mycobacterium minnesotense
s__GCA-001735895 sp009937625
s__GCA-002780085 sp002791435
s__Gilliamella bombicola
s__UMGS915 sp900546795
s__UBA3505 sp002728755
s__Enterousia excrementavium
s__Sheuella sp903865015
s__Polaribacter sp024640565
s__63-22 sp001898995
s__Nostoc sp014222285
s__DRWP01 sp025057935
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944322615
s__Paenibacillus_E sp030817275
s__Nocardia carnea_A
s__Paraburkholderia bonniea
s__RKRQ01 sp022819805
s__Dokdonella_A sp002297645
s__Enterococcus lemimoniae
s__Stutzerimonas sp007713455
s__Fusobacterium_B sp900542625
s__Tsuneonella flava
s__UBA9145 sp028818225
s__CALVXC01 sp944368805
s__Mediterraneibacter sp904418845
s__Xenophilus sp901875635
s__Sulfitobacter sp013282155
s__Collinsella sp905202145
s__Vibrio ostreae
s__Aquirufa sp947452215
s__ER46 sp903848965
s__Catenibacillus sp900553975
s__C7867-001 sp021817705
s__JAJRRA01 sp022565025
s__UBA10364 sp002378005
s__Avimonas sp012839705
s__Morganella psychrotolerans
s__Sulfuricurvum sp937936435
s__SZUA-76 sp945788675
s__Liquorilactobacillus vini
s__Prauserella salsuginis
s__Faecousia sp004562395
s__Galloscillospira_B sp017427525
s__Pseudoalteromonas phenolica_A
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900315785
s__Limenecus sp944325575
s__JAKAEG01 sp021840255
s__Sulfurimonas sp022729795
s__UBA7173 sp949742535
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007134485
s__Sporanaerobacter acetigenes
s__MAG-120802 sp003569145
s__TMED-70 sp009937255
s__RUG191 sp905234525
s__Micromonospora endophytica
s__Streptococcus mitis_AI
s__Ferruginibacter sp030831945
s__Corynebacterium vitaeruminis
s__Blautia_A sp900763175
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp000758825
s__Legionella cincinnatiensis
s__Pararcticibacter tournemirensis
s__Phytoplasma sp030586805
s__Polaromonas sp024703855
s__UBA5206 sp002412705
s__Ch128b sp013177855
s__Polynucleobacter sp000342265
s__UMGS1958 sp900556575
s__CAIYRB01 sp903928445
s__DRMK01 sp015490535
s__SLKG01 sp007134735
s__UBA11996 sp002500485
s__55-13 sp001898035
s__Aldehydirespirator sp009843735
s__Rhodanobacter sp014207185
s__JAURZS01 sp030653255
s__Flavobacterium sp947443815
s__Neorhizobium sp003491345
s__AG-339-G14 sp902562135
s__CALHVX01 sp938036875
s__C7867-002 sp903846945
s__Defluviilinea sp016789025
s__PXAP01 sp007123885
s__SKVL01 sp007125155
s__Flavobacterium succinicans
s__TCS55 sp012964665
s__Aquisalinus flavus
s__Ornithoclostridium faecavium
s__Mesomycoplasma dispar
s__Occallatibacter sp030049955
s__Fructobacillus cardui
s__Limosilactobacillus reuteri_D
s__CAG-269 sp934167685
s__JAHJXP01 sp018827585
s__Caccopulliclostridium sp944372325
s__Flavobacterium fontis
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris_A
s__Gallimonas sp944367185
s__UM-FILTER-47-13 sp007117665
s__Syntrophotalea acetylenica
s__Caccovivens sp944350265
s__Allobutyricicoccus sp018384365
s__Blochmannia vicinus
s__Paraglaciecola sp947498355
s__Pelagisphaera sp002722675
s__TMED14 sp002167805
s__UBA4466 sp002733985
s__Sulfuritortus sp002339725
s__Streptomyces speibonae
s__Flavobacterium petrolei
s__NORP294 sp018608405
s__LD21 sp003152835
s__Coprenecus sp945787505
s__UBA3855 sp017521325
s__Malaciobacter mytili
s__Sedimentibacter sp012520455
s__Fusobacterium canifelinum
s__QFNR01 sp003248485
s__JJ008 sp016719165
s__Aromatoleum aromaticum
s__Pluralincolimonas sp001805885
s__RF16 sp002477945
s__GCA-002697625 sp018647945
s__GWA1-40-21 sp018971765
s__GWC2-57-13 sp001805055
s__F1-120-MAGs023 sp005773635
s__Rhizobium sp900489925
s__Kaistella pullorum
s__UMGS1994 sp934130285
s__UBA11872 sp002433065
s__WH-5701 sp014224355
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944322715
s__UBA1328 sp012959765
s__UBA952 sp947463345
s__JAKAUF01 sp027314025
s__JAFKFJ01 sp021845835
s__MWAK01 sp002069365
s__JAHJDF01 sp018812595
s__SKYF01 sp007121385
s__Roseitalea sp030732865
s__Eubacterium_N saphenum
s__Kytococcus schroeteri
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp958428545
s__Anaerostipes faecalis
s__JACPAL01 sp016180855
s__CAG-1252 sp003445835
s__Methylopumilus sp010031285
s__Alloalcanivorax marinus
s__JAHHTG01 sp029097145
s__UBA1859 sp002338345
s__JAKADJ01 sp021795465
s__CAIXXC01 sp903923205
s__BJGN01 sp945878825
s__Collinsella sp900757185
s__Gallipaludibacter merdavium
s__JAGXRT01 sp018335575
s__GCA-2726245 sp020638975
s__JAICJR01 sp025928345
s__JAKAOS01 sp021823165
s__GWA2-42-14 sp000998135
s__Salinicola sp000737985
s__Collinsella sp902481895
s__LD21 sp002070505
s__JAGOPM01 sp017991975
s__Acetatifactor sp934394665
s__JACSRF01 sp020634375
s__UBA9148 sp003450655
s__NZNC01 sp002692965
s__Afifella aestuarii
s__Anaerovibrio sp902786545
s__Caminibacter sp027062625
s__Collinsella sp958432255
s__N074bin48 sp004356685
s__Bordetella sp002261335
s__GBS-DC sp937992175
s__Flavobacterium ammonificans
s__Proteiniphilum sp019136875
s__RUG563 sp934630705
s__Duncaniella sp029061025
s__JAHILT01 sp021786945
s__Limenecus sp944325885
s__Sutcliffiella cohnii
s__Thiothrix sp018822845
s__Neobacillus rhizophilus
s__CAIVHB01 sp903893215
s__CAITVN01 sp903895855
s__UBA1711 sp900321975
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp905200645
s__Cellulomonas oligotrophica
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187635
s__Nonomuraea ferruginea
s__Porphyromonas_A sp934359325
s__UBA6414 sp934168275
s__Caccovivens sp944348085
s__Rhizobium sp002277895
s__JABDQW01 sp937998645
s__Acidocella sp002281005
s__UMGS902 sp934467415
s__UBA9145 sp022822865
s__Aquella sp019748155
s__Succiniclasticum sp902801365
s__Rhodohalobacter sp003559375
s__UBA1711 sp002349055
s__UBA1179 sp902763885
s__CAMDBA01 sp945888995
s__Pseudomonas_F sp003626975
s__Enterovibrio luxaltus
s__HGM12789 sp015066215
s__Tomitella gaofuii
s__Thalassobius mediterraneus
s__UMGS1663 sp900753245
s__Kordiimonas sp017640725
s__Collinsella sp902466075
s__Bog-1198 sp021808035
s__Prevotella sp902778265
s__Nostoc_B sp003990705
s__CAIQIA01 sp945861105
s__WFXC01 sp026996895
s__UBA665 sp002299835
s__JACJXF01 sp020636775
s__JAHRVQ01 sp905182025
s__Maribacter_A polysiphoniae
s__Zoogloea oryzae
s__Akkermansia sp017399165
s__Fen-1467 sp003142615
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900110765
s__Snodgrassella sp946481965
s__Onthovivens sp022780025
s__CAMUXE01 sp947164605
s__RGIG1681 sp944381185
s__Collinsella sp900541725
s__Collinsella sp900540935
s__Rhodoluna sp903834635
s__Luteimonas_D sp014212025
s__Planktophila sp009701945
s__Porphyromonas sp905372565
s__Scatovivens sp928721915
s__Streptococcus mitis_CI
s__JAKAHC01 sp021815305
s__Scalindua sp001828595
s__Chlamydophila buteonis
s__Photobacterium gaetbulicola
s__SXYR01 sp903826405
s__AG-426-I14 sp003213175
s__Virgibacillus dokdonensis
s__Faecivivens sp022793675
s__DTJG01 sp002070645
s__RUG11977 sp016287095
s__RF16 sp902799555
s__Clostridium_R sp900321915
s__Mycobacterium sp022601275
s__RGIG1988 sp934462715
s__JAFUXM01 sp017447325
s__Streptomyces canus_E
s__UBA1067 sp945483525
s__Cyanobium sp903856805
s__CAKTEE01 sp934546985
s__CAIYHK01 sp903925985
s__Accumulibacter sp023806635
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BJ
s__CAG-273 sp017886645
s__CALJDF01 sp027622715
s__Collinsella tanakaei_A
s__CAIUVD01 sp903902515
s__UMGS1783 sp900555065
s__40-80 sp001899145
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017429205
s__JAICXG01 sp025980625
s__Aldehydirespirator catecholifindens
s__JAALKI01 sp011088105
s__Mesorhizobium amorphae
s__Tatlockia hackeliae
s__JAJYGU01 sp021784975
s__JAHJEW01 sp018825335
s__CAG-267 sp944390455
s__Marivita sp003149565
s__JAHEYX01 sp947452995
s__Nitrosospira multiformis_D
s__Agromyces atrinae
s__Rhodothermus bifroesti
s__Porphyromonas sp947254915
s__CAG-475 sp023665365
s__UBA1267 sp002308115
s__UBA8517 sp000997405
s__Acetatifactor sp029055435
s__Salipiger mangrovi
s__JAJZLL01 sp021803465
s__UBA3700 sp002372775
s__Leucobacter sp001373475
s__Pseudomonas_E nabeulensis
s__Rhodococcus sp030360185
s__UBA2201 sp002327305
s__JADKJP01 sp016720935
s__RGIG4576 sp904501735
s__SLQR01 sp007132465
s__GCA-002701455 sp902578675
s__UBA3531 sp002376885
s__JABMPR01 sp021734255
s__JAGTTR01 sp022763925
s__Moraxella porci
s__Mesoplasma coleopterae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212755
s__Streptomyces sp013361925
s__Enterocola sp002069025
s__M30B28 sp018402425
s__Streptomyces mutomycini
s__Jeotgalibaca dankookensis
s__UBA2177 sp012511375
s__GCA-016699365 sp016699365
s__UBA9973 sp001787125
s__HIMB114 sp003209195
s__CAG-917 sp944332995
s__S5-A14a sp900553025
s__JAILZL01 sp937943575
s__Ferruginibacter sp016710165
s__Archangium_A sp030695565
s__Halolactibacillus miurensis
s__Pelethomonas sp022795905
s__Streptomyces katrae_A
s__JAEDES01 sp900552495
s__Endomicrobium_A sp025998295
s__Selenomonas_A montiformis
s__UBA964 sp009692285
s__Collinsella sp900552995
s__CAIUKX01 sp947380375
s__UBA2361 sp002343185
s__UBA3910 sp002391465
s__Streptococcus oralis_BM
s__SW10 sp002729295
s__Staphylococcus caledonicus
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214935
s__Streptomyces drozdowiczii
s__Cryobacterium luteum
s__Mesoaciditoga sp015489955
s__ZC4RG35 sp022615295
s__BOG-931 sp019075925
s__Erythrobacter sp027486035
s__HK1 sp026709935
s__Avimonas_A sp022800315
s__Nanchangia sp900545825
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000244915
s__CALXAO01 sp944386295
s__GWC1-27-15 sp001829125
s__JANFXS01 sp024460105
s__Corynebacterium yonathiae
s__Parvimonas sp022770425
s__Aquabacterium_A sp013360485
s__Proteus alimentorum
s__CAIMNF01 sp947372355
s__JAGBWK01 sp905210435
s__Pseudoalteromonas ostreae
s__CANHVK01 sp943325145
s__CANHVK01 sp945862165
s__Sulcia muelleri_A
s__Pelethomonas sp900555795
s__VGXI01 sp020633725
s__Luteithermobacter gelatinilyticus
s__Sediminibacterium sp947372235
s__Paenibacillus_B profundus
s__CAG-492 sp934129745
s__UBA11452 sp002069785
s__Planococcus maritimus_C
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp018647275
s__UBA2377 sp002344205
s__Methylobacter_C sp903934035
s__SZUA-584 sp023397655
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp000526635
s__Ferranicluibacter sp001424065
s__F23-D06 sp017540505
s__Ketobacter sp003667185
s__Ruthenibacterium sp944386565
s__Selenomonas_B ruminantium_A
s__JAGNKE01 sp023384135
s__Comamonas_C badia
s__JAJZSN01 sp021849745
s__Scalindua_A sediminis
s__Microbispora rosea
s__Streptococcus infantis_L
s__JACKCT01 sp020633895
s__Enterousia sp017549445
s__UBA1412 sp944389455
s__Pseudobutyricicoccus sp938000015
s__JACKFQ01 sp020632395
s__UBA1829 sp944390735
s__CAKZTM01 sp937920555
s__Rhodococcus maanshanensis
s__Prevotella sp902768785
s__Lawsonibacter muris
s__Variovorax beijingensis_A
s__Blastochloris viridis
s__YC12-FULL-57-11 sp001791645
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp027456605
s__Mycobacterium sp900240975
s__CAIPVR01 sp903868545
s__Xenorhabdus szentirmaii
s__Kitasatospora sp001905545
s__RGUW01 sp945877595
s__Geobacillus thermoleovorans_A
s__2-01-FULL-43-38 sp000997105
s__Anaerotruncus sp910586875
s__Paenibacillus_A sp900069005
s__Desulfovibrio sp937926875
s__M3 sp001689445
s__Sodaliphilus sp902779125
s__Sporosarcina sp009650995
s__TMED23 sp018649725
s__Acidocella aminolytica
s__MGBC157735 sp948440265
s__JAEUHH01 sp024233085
s__Enterousia sp944389345
s__Bog-257 sp003165795
s__UBA1275 sp902529365
s__CAIYTF01 sp903915485
s__Streptomyces sp001905905
s__CACZYB01 sp016297965
s__Casp-actino5 sp027730505
s__Sphingobium quisquiliarum
s__Agrobacterium skierniewicense
s__RF16 sp015061165
s__CAJCJG01 sp021808185
s__JALOMD01 sp030068525
s__Corynebacterium felinum
s__33-17 sp001897445
s__HGM16780 sp944392325
s__OLB11 sp903875055
s__Fulvivirga sp028280565
s__Prevotella sp002379425
s__Desulfonatronospira thiodismutans
s__Ferruginibacter sp018266615
s__Rummeliibacillus suwonensis
s__Pseudomonas_E alkylphenolica
s__Xanthobacter aminoxidans
s__Maribacter_C sp947495915
s__Polynucleobacter sp030297595
s__Scatovivens sp948435735
s__PUPG01 sp003557385
s__Fimimonas sp023665205
s__Methylotenera sp903876765
s__Actinotignum urinale
s__Acetobacter pomorum
s__Halothiobacillus sp021795795
s__Extensimonas vulgaris
s__UBA4372 sp900316355
s__Tenacibaculum sp900105985
s__CAIUUT01 sp903902445
s__Faecimonas sp022771205
s__Ruminococcus sp900319195
s__SLCP01 sp007125735
s__LC5-1 sp016781085
s__CAG-1193 sp944329255
s__Hominibacterium hominis
s__Nitrospira_D sp002420115
s__Allobranchiibius huperziae
s__Croceitalea sp947499565
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis
s__Actinomarina sp902534495
s__Butyrivibrio sp000421405
s__Chitinophaga terrae
s__UBA3125 sp014381745
s__UMGS1668 sp017847875
s__ER46 sp903861185
s__Borrelia coriaceae
s__Glutamicibacter protophormiae
s__Rickettsia hoogstraalii
s__CAG-873 sp014800735
s__Caccovivens sp930971385
s__Meiothermus sp025060375
s__Colwellia sp913058145
s__CAG-873 sp905193395
s__Collinsella sp900540995
s__Pseudomonas_E chaetocerotis
s__UBA12053 sp001003855
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018971625
s__DTU080 sp001513395
s__UBA965 sp943328915
s__Fibro-01 sp012515825
s__Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus
s__Malacoplasma_A sp002372615
s__O2-02-FULL-48-8 sp001777575
s__MWDR01 sp002071695
s__SLCK01 sp007125845
s__Albimonas donghaensis
s__Lepagella sp900760735
s__Nocardiopsis alborubida
s__Rhodocyclus gracilis
s__JAAYUI01 sp017992475
s__Methylobacterium sp001423265
s__Parasynechococcus sp002691345
s__Methylobacter_A tundripaludum_A
s__UBA2903 sp002349565
s__Methylotenera sp947503455
s__Bin34 sp009839295
s__Bin34 sp002238555
s__Mesorhizobium sp000502395
s__GWF2-38-335 sp001769535
s__Aeromicrobium sp024584515
s__Flavobacterium sp947456955
s__UBA3282 sp947174505
s__JAHIEL01 sp018901715
s__Limicola phocaeensis_A
s__Erwinia sp001422605
s__Sinomonas atrocyanea
s__Marinomonas colpomeniae
s__Enterousia sp944392595
s__Odoribacter sp021771575
s__C7867-001 sp021794425
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp000498095
s__Cardiobacterium valvarum
s__DUCM01 sp012959785
s__UBA952 sp002480215
s__UBA3282 sp023663085
s__MAG-120531 sp002378585
s__Rubrivirga sp947493945
s__Gallipaludibacter sp017647145
s__Aquirickettsiella gammari
s__Pseudomonas_E vancouverensis
s__Streptomyces sp000972385
s__HIMB114 sp002171085
s__Desulfovibrio desulfuricans_D
s__JABWCQ01 sp020637395
s__JAHIOQ01 sp018895275
s__MSPOR6 sp022825665
s__Bradyrhizobium ottawaense_A
s__Lepagella sp029060725
s__JAAYIH01 sp012523545
s__Faecousia sp022786995
s__Prauserella_A marina
s__Gilliamella sp009795845
s__Aquabacterium commune
s__UBA737 sp002451855
s__Telmatospirillum sp903858635
s__QQUJ01 sp008501635
s__Streptomyces mobaraensis
s__Algibacter_B amylolyticus
s__Mycobacterium chubuense
s__MS024-2A sp018699935
s__B1 sp947459415
s__Rubinisphaera brasiliensis
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687535
s__Dysgonomonas sp001261715
s__Clostridium sp023435985
s__Gluconacetobacter azotocaptans
s__Agromyces flavus
s__MED-G16 sp002701745
s__Reyranella aerosaccus_A
s__Acutalibacter sp904391645
s__Limosilactobacillus equigenerosi
s__Occallatibacter sp003133425
s__JAHEKE01 sp947259955
s__Vibrio injensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902625715
s__Prevotella sp017415455
s__Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus
s__UBA6024 sp002429385
s__JAAVFS01 sp014802385
s__Paucilactobacillus vaccinostercus
s__RUG11857 sp946628545
s__Salifodinibacter halophilus
s__S5133MH16 sp019310125
s__BP-173 sp030841025
s__Bulleidia sp934754415
s__Hominicoprocola sp900763705
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903876045
s__Faecivivens stercorigallinarum
s__Comamonas sp009360615
s__Gemmata sp937924775
s__JJ008 sp014190475
s__JAEYRA01 sp023422005
s__Halarcobacter anaerophilus
s__Prevotella sp900770845
s__Pelagibacter sp902557385
s__Devosia sp004005995
s__Cedecea neteri
s__UBA9145 sp002457215
s__Acetatifactor sp023664665
s__Novacetimonas pomaceti
s__Chryseobacterium balustinum
s__UBA6382 sp900316315
s__Acutalibacter sp948471095
s__2-02-FULL-62-14 sp020028595
s__CAITNQ01 sp903893785
s__Aquimarina sp947498775
s__Rugamonas rubra
s__RGIG3994 sp934378145
s__Corynebacterium kroppenstedtii
s__Enterocloster sp900753815
s__Granulicatella sp905371865
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002321335
s__Alistipes sp015060005
s__Firm-04 sp016295145
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp016721875
s__Lentihominibacter sp022780965
s__Ottowia sp024235955
s__Avimonoglobus sp900756545
s__UBA1174 sp944324665
s__JAQTTC01 sp028711005
s__CAG-269 sp948442365
s__CANJCB01 sp947473305
s__UBA737 sp016287385
s__Onthovivens merdipullorum
s__Lepagella sp029062985
s__Cryptobacteroides sp023667095
s__Actinomarina sp002308095
s__Allobaculum stercoricanis
s__Ruania albidiflava
s__Ancylobacter moscoviensis
s__JAJYBV01 sp021812265
s__SYFN01 sp030157545
s__Coprocola sp017888185
s__Neochlamydia sp001897225
s__CAMSXY01 sp947065955
s__Streptomyces morookaensis
s__Gordonia sp020438995
s__Maribacter_C sp938009735
s__UBA9647 sp015661185
s__Onthoplasma sp934746715
s__CAIPAT01 sp903831825
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp000287675
s__RF16 sp022783865
s__JADJGJ01 sp016709005
s__Bartonella washoeensis
s__DTU074 sp001513075
s__Paenibacillus terrae_A
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944323955
s__RPQJ01 sp016705325
s__CAG-510 sp900551115
s__Pseudomonas_E cichorii_D
s__RBG-16-40-8 sp903833275
s__Paraprevotella sp905214795
s__Ochrobactrum_B sp900465685
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp902490585
s__RGIG8482 sp948438085
s__Rhodopseudomonas pentothenatexigens
s__CAKZSU01 sp937921305
s__Streptomyces achromogenes_A
s__Flavobacterium sp943328865
s__UBA5004 sp001825315
s__GCA-2746235 sp024229395
s__QANA01 sp902782475
s__CAIMZW01 sp903850565
s__Desulfobulbus oralis
s__Campylobacter_B sp937949835
s__UBA2813 sp002361485
s__Micromonospora vitiensis
s__RKRQ01 sp022826905
s__UMGS1491 sp934725345
s__Clostridium_R aminophilum
s__UBA2200 sp002070215
s__Caccovivens sp944349895
s__CAIWCD01 sp903911145
s__UBA11704 sp903834855
s__Kribbella sp004345365
s__Cellulophaga algicola
s__JALGXV01 sp029821875
s__OPU3-GD-OMZ sp012959905
s__Z2-YC6860 sp009694215
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp903934295
s__Phenylobacterium sp903930545
s__UBA1020 sp002316545
s__Sulfurimonas sp026196735
s__Microbacterium endophyticum
s__Caballeronia schumannianae_A
s__CAG-557 sp948933715
s__RUG714 sp902794945
s__Pseudoflavonifractor sp902362925
s__UBA1573 sp018063145
s__UBA964 sp017853555
s__Faecousia sp902767915
s__RUG13583 sp946404125
s__Phenylobacterium sp018001015
s__Flavobacterium glycines
s__BACL27 sp947490975
s__DTPS01 sp021787565
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007125005
s__Qingrenia sp934500875
s__QALR01 sp944381075
s__Desulfobacula sp023139225
s__UBA6772 sp002685115
s__Limivicinus sp946620645
s__Wujia sp023666705
s__Malonomonas sp015222355
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp000817115
s__Guyparkeria hydrothermalis
s__Parvibaculum sp019635935
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp945878645
s__Prevotella sp905373605
s__Desulfobacca acetoxidans
s__UBA1413 sp002419285
s__Streptantibioticus cattleyicolor
s__Parashewanella spongiae
s__Pedobacter chitinilyticus
s__JAEZHK01 sp023443705
s__Zgenome-0002 sp003854985
s__HGM13862 sp944393575
s__Bacillus zhangzhouensis
s__B3-TA06 sp004375895
s__Caldipriscus sp000980735
s__Achromobacter spanius_E
s__Alistipes sp017517705
s__VBCG01 sp015075645
s__Cloacibacillus sp020860125
s__RF16 sp002479035
s__Treponema_D sp002399405
s__Pseudomonas_E guariconensis_C
s__Flavobacterium sp000813005
s__Pseudomonas_E antarctica
s__Fervidobacterium sp003522805
s__Alteraurantiacibacter atlanticus
s__Flavobacterium sp017983975
s__JAKAQV01 sp021819565
s__Alistipes provencensis
s__GWA2-32-17 sp903872185
s__Sarcina mediterraneense
s__Reyranella sp947466085
s__Limisoma sp900556245
s__SYFN01 sp027485535
s__CALUVH01 sp944322865
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902622435
s__Proteus sp023454395
s__Thermoanaerobacterium sp002102475
s__Treponema_F sp017629095
s__Clostridium chromiireducens
s__Paenibacillus lautus
s__Sulfurovum sp002742845
s__Gallionella sp028687575
s__Peptoniphilus_A timonensis
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902790985
s__Halonatronomonas sp007130465
s__F23-D06 sp002311645
s__HIMB59 sp902523135
s__Streptomyces sp003148825
s__Rhodoluna sp009702455
s__Lepagella sp023667015
s__Vibrio plantisponsor
s__Villigracilis sp020721605
s__Prevotella sp902801425
s__Campylobacter_A caledonicus
s__D2472 sp016779285
s__JADFSH01 sp022560875
s__PALSA-1004 sp945906935
s__Terrimesophilobacter sp017306245
s__Mycobacterium sp000455125
s__Pelagibacter sp902635685
s__28-57-27 sp006212015
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp903835075
s__Erythrobacter sanguineus
s__Terrisporobacter glycolicus
s__Amulumruptor caecigallinarius_B
s__Methylobacterium haplocladii
s__Udaeobacter sp003217875
s__Avoscillospira_A sp904395905
s__Alysiella crassa
s__UBA6115 sp002411105
s__Mucilaginibacter sp002403905
s__Aerococcus viridans_C
s__Maribacter_A sp013001935
s__MWBJ01 sp002069525
s__Limisoma sp944321875
s__CG2-30-46-9 sp001873005
s__UBA2333 sp002344895
s__Firm-04 sp017523995
s__Ruminococcus sp900752785
s__CAIXDN01 sp903918235
s__RUG100 sp900315555
s__Blochmannia herculeanus
s__Neoroseomonas sp903844785
s__Pelagibacter sp902599995
s__Methylobacterium sp022829605
s__Mycobacterium sp001666835
s__Variovorax ginsengisoli_A
s__Coproplasma avicola
s__GWA1-54-10 sp943349675
s__Nocardia donostiensis
s__Brevibacterium sp018137945
s__JAJZCL01 sp021799325
s__Leptospira_B venezuelensis
s__CAJQGY01 sp029254395
s__Bacteroides gallinarum
s__UMGS1754 sp900759475
s__Eubacterium_R sp945221685
s__Prevotella sp905233245
s__CAJFUH01 sp934717555
s__AR31 sp003221515
s__Anaerotruncus massiliensis_A
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp016463775
s__1-14-0-20-42-23 sp002796345
s__66-474 sp018971925
s__Collinsella sp900757495
s__GAS188 sp900104855
s__Collinsella sp900544755
s__Cypionkella sp001828855
s__SHLQ01 sp938040365
s__JALOAR01 sp023228665
s__MPNP01 sp022823605
s__Onthousia sp900758495
s__Desulfovibrio desulfuricans
s__Corallococcus interemptor
s__UBA1189 sp024697785
s__GCA-2724215 sp009840005
s__UBA1081 sp002431305
s__13-2-20CM-68-14 sp005888315
s__Sulfitobacter sp003335585
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp027489695
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp002026015
s__Marinococcus halophilus
s__Paramuribaculum sp023666905
s__Pauljensenia sp023426345
s__Pseudomonas_E izuensis
s__CAG-882 sp900545455
s__S145-25 sp015493495
s__Cupriavidus gilardii_C
s__Streptomyces eurocidicus
s__Garciella nitratireducens
s__Rhodopseudomonas pseudopalustris
s__JAIPAN01 sp947458875
s__Paracidovorax sp913774955
s__DAHWAT01 sp027327085
s__Sulfuricystis sp002347405
s__JAJZBZ01 sp021846275
s__Faecalimonas sp900556835
s__Roseovarius sp018862045
s__UBA3439 sp905182545
s__Bin5 sp009840225
s__Sphingomonas trueperi
s__Pseudomonas_E dryadis
s__OLB9 sp001567255
s__2-01-FULL-39-28 sp001794635
s__UBA9926 sp012960535
s__Alectryobacillus merdavium
s__Taylorella asinigenitalis
s__Pseudomonas_E muyukensis
s__Bin125 sp022822855
s__UBA2192 sp025454095
s__Bartonella_A sp016102285
s__UBA6249 sp002441305
s__Enterousia sp017451625
s__Algoriella xinjiangensis
s__Cellvibrio sp002162135
s__UBA11549 sp002440235
s__DTU069 sp001512485
s__Lachnospira sp944381165
s__Streptococcus sp902363395
s__Delta-02 sp903872255
s__GCA-1730015 sp938041955
s__Streptomyces thermovulgaris
s__C7867-001 sp001004905
s__Roseinatronobacter thiooxidans
s__UBA1328 sp002687335
s__Fen-1231 sp025360995
s__Comamonas avium
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023412275
s__SXHM01 sp947478465
s__Collinsella sp900549355
s__Sinorhizobium psoraleae
s__UBA868 sp011523045
s__Halioglobus sp913061115
s__Lactonifactor longoviformis
s__Phycicoccus endophyticus
s__CAJAXB01 sp903946795
s__UBA2040 sp002332715
s__Roseibium sp017743865
s__Aphanocapsa_A feldmannii
s__Gallicola sp012798975
s__JAKBUF01 sp021801825
s__Treponema sp000775995
s__GCA-2724215 sp022826515
s__Pelagibacter sp003212295
s__Tardiphaga sp028290325
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_T
s__Serinicoccus profundi
s__Pelotomaculum_D terephthalicicum
s__UBA1181 sp017551675
s__MGBC114079 sp949948985
s__GWA2-35-9 sp002793435
s__Fusobacterium_A varium_C
s__CALSMU01 sp943788755
s__Eubacterium_Q sp002368685
s__CAG-273 sp944391825
s__Ferruginibacter sp947474815
s__Saccharopolyspora spinosa
s__Rhodopila sp903915725
s__SW10 sp937930235
s__Saccharofermentans sp012728275
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900769145
s__Nocardia rhamnosiphila
s__Methylobacterium sp008000895
s__JAJYME01 sp021787205
s__JAMORC01 sp027063785
s__Cellulomonas algicola
s__Bacteroides_D periocalifornicus
s__Niveispirillum sp900188385
s__Nanosyncoccus sp016112465
s__Oceanispirochaeta sp003346715
s__Synechococcus_C sp001631935
s__Novosphingobium sp012932495
s__Alloclostridium sp944383935
s__Thauera humireducens
s__RUG14156 sp944324485
s__RGIG1588 sp017412265
s__PWYM01 sp007127715
s__JAHILA01 sp018897295
s__Jeotgalibaca arthritidis
s__UBA830 sp002295635
s__Marinovum sp022867865
s__PALSA-1295 sp903900335
s__UBA3006 sp903895515
s__Collinsella sp900541285
s__Collinsella sp900757705
s__Kribbella sindirgiensis
s__SLHW01 sp007135955
s__Aphodocola sp022768045
s__Cybelea sp019240755
s__Mycobacterium bohemicum
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947464995
s__Prevotella sp015256945
s__UBA966 sp947474065
s__Methylobacterium sp001422375
s__UBA1532 sp002731825
s__Parazoarcus communis_A
s__JAHIOX01 sp018895015
s__CAIOJG01 sp903853785
s__UBA3015 sp010025475
s__SbD1 sp021777755
s__Tepidimonas sp020723845
s__JAJXZJ01 sp021780105
s__Ruminococcus sp934481385
s__Desulfobacter hydrogenophilus
s__Croceitalea sp947503285
s__Sphaerobacter thermophilus
s__Azotimanducus thioimbibens
s__Pseudomonas_E migulae
s__Mycobacterium manitobense
s__UBA4372 sp002395775
s__SORT01 sp004402915
s__UBA7359 sp012960105
s__Casp-Chloro-G3 sp002816715
s__Occallatibacter sp003166055
s__Synechococcus_C sp004332415
s__UBA9145 sp002691885
s__Gemmiger formicilis_A
s__UBA4466 sp913009205
s__CAG-273 sp944390395
s__Vreelandella sp900086985
s__Sphingomonas sp022662335
s__Streptomyces sp900116325
s__Actinomarina sp902635945
s__Bosea sp002279705
s__SKRY01 sp007118235
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944325525
s__JAMCPL01 sp021846725
s__UBA5004 sp001824135
s__Merdousia sp900760055
s__Heritagella sp944380795
s__Ligilactobacillus faecavium
s__CAG-273 sp902492105
s__Vagococcus teuberi
s__UBA6534 sp002687905
s__Isoptericola halotolerans_A
s__Dysosmobacter excrementigallinarum
s__HGM04593 sp017536695
s__Firm-04 sp021152595
s__GCA-2729495 sp030746435
s__Allorhizobium sp024055605
s__Gallionella sp021800795
s__SZAS-103 sp018241125
s__Collinsella sp905193815
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_Y
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004136015
s__SKOM01 sp003562535
s__SKLG01 sp007123335
s__Neisseria subflava_B
s__HGM12619 sp902783255
s__Flavobacterium sp024644655
s__Levilactobacillus namurensis
s__UBA4466 sp002471375
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp018913965
s__Cupriavidus sp000307735
s__UBA4132 sp002380945
s__Gryllotalpicola sp021779075
s__Bact-19 sp902776565
s__Tenacibaculum sp019278465
s__UBA1213 sp900320235
s__VMFW01 sp021813155
s__Rhodoplanes tepidamans
s__Companilactobacillus allii
s__Alteribacillus bidgolensis
s__Protofrankia meridionalis
s__PUPG01 sp007120675
s__Dysosmobacter sp022791875
s__GCA-002724975 sp002724975
s__Sphingobium herbicidovorans
s__Collinsella sp003437035
s__Agrobacterium arsenijevicii
s__CAG-269 sp948473335
s__Flavobacterium turcicum
s__Faecalibacterium sp904394215
s__Enterovibrio norvegicus_B
s__Paenibacillus graminis
s__Alistipes intestinipullorum
s__QFOP01 sp003248785
s__Desulfohalovibrio alkalitolerans
s__Aphodocola sp900759985
s__UBA721 sp002348315
s__Thermospira sp013177995
s__Butyricicoccus sp904420185
s__DTU018 sp002305535
s__Aliarcobacter vitoriensis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903891475
s__Streptomyces sp002846625
s__UBA10085 sp012842765
s__Trichococcus pasteurii
s__Halopseudomonas laoshanensis
s__Merdivivens sp002358965
s__Palsa-1188 sp003160265
s__Mailhella sp900553065
s__Thermocrinis sp009903855
s__Bacillus_T coahuilensis
s__Alistipes sp017559615
s__UBA9968 sp001799045
s__Ruminococcus sp009177225
s__UBA3379 sp002359025
s__WVXT01 sp011773355
s__PBB1 sp903905475
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp002159175
s__Aphodovivens sp944320405
s__Hyphomonas sp000682735
s__M2005 sp011192085
s__B4-G1 sp003648025
s__CALRGO01 sp943357895
s__Litorivita pollutaquae
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp021825225
s__CAKMZJ01 sp929200515
s__Phenylobacterium sp947456005
s__Desulfacyla sp030611815
s__Streptococcus merionis
s__Cellulomonas sp023438885
s__JAKASG01 sp021828285
s__Algoriphagus formosus
s__Onthousia sp934162445
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_V
s__Sulfurimicrobium sp018824405
s__Pelagibacter sp902634885
s__Mycobacterium psychrotolerans
s__UBA12470 sp000999315
s__Polynucleobacter sp001870365
s__Limadaptatus sp944360115
s__Limivicinus sp934573735
s__Rubrobacter_E naiadicus
s__RGAU01 sp016779325
s__CATOPA01 sp951801965
s__Litorilinea aerophila
s__Gallimonas sp910588695
s__GWC2-37-13 sp021825445
s__Streptomyces silaceus
s__SIG499 sp016303065
s__BP-133 sp030838815
s__Bosea sp930633495
s__Firm-16 sp016287245
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp025928375
s__JACNFS01 sp014384515
s__Merdousia sp944389885
s__Salinivibrio socompensis
s__RUG13868 sp944372425
s__Wolbachia sp918342435
s__Buttiauxella noackiae
s__QYQD01 sp007280345
s__Villigracilis proximus
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021777555
s__Pseudidiomarina aquimaris
s__AG-430-B22 sp902533755
s__UBA7446 sp002478685
s__Parabacteroides sp944325345
s__BOG-234 sp903851195
s__UBA1924 sp002337545
s__UBA9659 sp018667205
s__GJ-E10 sp021825945
s__SHVZ01 sp945871425
s__Rubrobacter_F sp016781705
s__Mycobacterium litorale
s__Caccovivens sp930979925
s__Palsa-295 sp003153585
s__MGBC100798 sp910584035
s__RUG410 sp017484225
s__Collinsella sp900555225
s__Microbacterium oxydans_B
s__JAJYGC01 sp027346125
s__Pelagibacter sp000155895
s__Promineifilum sp019695075
s__Neorhizobium banfieldiae
s__OLB17 sp016713675
s__UMGS1663 sp934153805
s__DTU078 sp012840355
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902519955
s__AAA044-D11 sp009702205
s__Leptospira_A sp027485405
s__UBA4729 sp002413865
s__Streptomyces griseoloalbus
s__PWKZ01 sp003559575
s__Bacillus_AH lenta
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sulfonivorans
s__UBA7185 sp900756555
s__UBA9264 sp002724245
s__NK4A144 sp017634315
s__JAJXWR01 sp021804485
s__JAJYKN01 sp021783455
s__Sphingopyxis jiangsuensis
s__Novosphingobium aerophilum
s__PALSA-747 sp903891755
s__Corynebacterium pelargi
s__Mycobacterium aurum
s__Venatoribacter cucullus
s__Veillonella sp902834965
s__Microbacterium sp000411455
s__GCA-2730975 sp014382645
s__CAIXSY01 sp903922175
s__CAIMNN01 sp021781075
s__Ruegeria sp947500045
s__UMGS1071 sp900548305
s__MAG-120802 sp010032125
s__REEB58 sp018968795
s__UBA1847 sp013043165
s__JAADCZ01 sp026995935
s__Blautia_A gallistercoris
s__Prevotella sp946402905
s__Dickeya undicola
s__Shewanella sp019654955
s__WH-5701 sp000153045
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_O
s__Paracoccus sp002732665
s__Helicobacter_E mehlei
s__UBA1123 sp002710885
s__Sulfuritalea sp016710465
s__FFU sp024748595
s__JABDCX01 sp013287915
s__Flavobacterium cauense
s__UBA1213 sp902768825
s__Paraprevotella sp944321525
s__JAUZGC01 sp030841285
s__Flavobacterium hibernum
s__GWB1-50-10 sp001004105
s__UBA12465 sp903874345
s__Lachnospira sp945648485
s__Streptomyces griseoviridis_A
s__Faecousia sp900770015
s__Caldibacillus_B thermolactis
s__ZC4RG30 sp947454665
s__Prevotella sp017428055
s__Brevundimonas sp003248965
s__Prevotella sp902780635
s__UBA1402 sp028694375
s__UBA2943 sp900321565
s__AG-422-B15 sp902546615
s__Hyphomonas pacifica
s__Magnetobacterium casense
s__Microbacterium pullistercoris
s__Caccovivens sp949841595
s__Mycobacterium paraseoulense
s__CALVJF01 sp944331885
s__JAEXTR01 sp023406915
s__Ferrovum sp019456405
s__Lacrimispora sp015057715
s__Ventrenecus sp934085675
s__Kocuria subflava
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp944325155
s__Aquirufa sp947494535
s__Defluviilinea gracilis
s__Eisenbergiella sp947650005
s__Halomonas shengliensis
s__Collinsella sp025757745
s__Acetobacterium sp003260995
s__Agrococcus sediminis
s__Bacillus_A bingmayongensis
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902617285
s__Rhodococcus coprophilus
s__CAIPAT01 sp903840185
s__Microbacterium aerolatum
s__Arenibacter palladensis
s__Leucobacter sp002336855
s__Aestuariivivens marinum
s__Superficieibacter sp900766525
s__UBA2645 sp002359655
s__Sphingobacterium faecium
s__CTSOIL-112 sp017986195
s__Prevotella fusca
s__UBA4592 sp905181745
s__Vibrio nereis
s__Arthrobacter_B sp025244865
s__JAJYGC01 sp021785195
s__Rhizomicrobium sp016783965
s__Streptomyces bottropensis
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp023257915
s__Zhouia amylolytica
s__JAACFB01 sp029862045
s__JAHIKV01 sp018897395
s__Caccovivens sp949841245
s__Polaromonas sp947459405
s__Peptostreptococcus porci
s__QS-8-64-10 sp003023275
s__Bin80 sp022822185
s__Macrococcus brunensis
s__Neisseria animalis
s__Desulfotignum sp021737445
s__Polynucleobacter sp947482555
s__Streptomyces anulatus_C
s__CAG-115 sp002304735
s__Gracilibacillus timonensis
s__Blautia_A sp900540785
s__Bifidobacterium actinocoloniiforme
s__CG1-02-37-13 sp002773495
s__STF2-222 sp028706315
s__UBA724 sp002430545
s__Lactococcus_A laudensis
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944380285
s__RUG14258 sp017515705
s__Acidovorax sp001424425
s__UBA2270 sp018821985
s__Faecicola pullistercoris
s__CALXXX01 sp944391565
s__Treponema_D sp016296205
s__Anaeroplasma sp002449755
s__CAG-791 sp002353635
s__Paraburkholderia phenazinia
s__VGMB01 sp945905275
s__CALWPV01 sp022794035
s__F0422 sp003999875
s__Pontimonas sp001438965
s__Stutzerimonas xanthomarina
s__SCQM01 sp021792075
s__Heritagella caecorum
s__Protoclostridium stercorigallinarum
s__VXOZ01 sp028874195
s__JAKAIY01 sp021814145
s__Mesobacillus boroniphilus
s__GCA-2716765 sp018661775
s__Ruthia endoextente
s__Bacteriovorax stolpii
s__Phocaeicola sp900551065
s__NK4A136 sp017540265
s__RUG472 sp902765005
s__Caballeronia grimmiae
s__RUG705 sp905215635
s__Dorea_D sp910578495
s__Salegentibacter agarivorans
s__Methylophilus methylotrophus
s__Daejeonella thalpophilum_B
s__UBA2988 sp002346665
s__CAG-170 sp900555665
s__Collinsella sp900555355
s__Carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans
s__Smithella sp018056685
s__Algoriphagus sp947458795
s__Pseudofrankia sp016786355
s__JAGCJX01 sp017647795
s__Streptomyces sp026627255
s__UBA1177 sp902774115
s__Oceanimonas baumannii
s__UBA11957 sp945827805
s__Alloprevotella sp022784065
s__AG-422-B15 sp902589175
s__Vibrio azureus
s__Agriterribacter sp001899685
s__Palsa-1233 sp020633775
s__Cronobacter condimenti
s__JAKAHT01 sp023474215
s__MED-G13 sp902560045
s__WSXY01 sp009773565
s__Serinicoccus sp947500995
s__Micromonospora phaseoli
s__Prevotella sp002369515
s__RGIG4310 sp017627115
s__Oleispira antarctica
s__UBA2767 sp002897995
s__Ruegeria atlantica_B
s__UBA1711 sp947168515
s__2011-GWC2-44-17 sp001790515
s__PYGY01 sp003560215
s__UBA4372 sp024698925
s__Collinsella sp900543945
s__Salinicola tamaricis
s__Merdimorpha sp902478645
s__Cellulophaga sp002813425
s__S36-B12 sp002694095
s__SKKC01 sp007128315
s__Streptococcus mitis_BN
s__BAIKAL-G1 sp002737305
s__B30-G15 sp003648085
s__UBA2994 sp002346545
s__Amylibacter sp947497475
s__Elainella sp000733415
s__Saccharopolyspora rectivirgula
s__JACKCN01 sp020634015
s__Bullifex pullistercoris
s__Mycobacterium duvalii
s__Streptococcus infantis
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp002309345
s__DRLX01 sp945787305
s__RAAP-2 sp021838005
s__Vescimonas sp934591705
s__UBA830 sp905181725
s__Hymenobacter profundi
s__MarineAlpha9-Bin2 sp002937675
s__Dryocola clanedunensis
s__LSCE01 sp007125985
s__Neorhizobium sp900471605
s__JAGVVH01 sp030267125
s__GWA2-47-10b sp001821795
s__Rathayibacter tanaceti
s__GCA-014075295 sp026708565
s__Collinsella sp900540945
s__Lysobacter xinjiangensis
s__Stappia sp900185725
s__MS024-2A sp902618245
s__SLOV01 sp007132345
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp903892045
s__Bartonella clarridgeiae
s__Ferrimicrobium sp021822605
s__CANMSB01 sp947500445
s__Planktophila sp945898065
s__Caccovivens sp944372445
s__Alistipes sp017383345
s__Prevotella sp905236455
s__Paenibacillus campinasensis
s__Modestobacter sp026967935
s__Streptococcus sp905221255
s__Enterousia sp902776515
s__W-Chloroflexi-9 sp020634075
s__Faecousia sp004555705
s__Collinsella sp900545665
s__Sporolactobacillus inulinus
s__CAIPMZ01 sp903885965
s__SKTA01 sp007132825
s__Nocardiopsis merdipullorum
s__C00003060 sp023129535
s__UBA1189 sp017615125
s__Methyloversatilis sp017984755
s__Rugosibacter aromaticivorans
s__Mycoplasma putrefaciens
s__Blautia_A sp900316115
s__Alkalibacterium thalassium
s__CAIKXD01 sp023262495
s__UBA3933 sp002385805
s__Poriferihabitans sp009841725
s__Sutterella megalosphaeroides
s__Proteiniphilum sp002383605
s__Thiosymbion oneisti
s__UBA5627 sp012719115
s__SZUA-451 sp020721085
s__Copranaerobaculum intestinale
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AL
s__Bifidobacterium asteroides_G
s__Microbacterium sp947488465
s__Limimorpha sp902770835
s__Holdemania sp904395815
s__Pedobacter sp002197755
s__UBA1822 sp944390485
s__Collinsella sp900754075
s__Ruminococcus sp017523285
s__JACKOY01 sp024233935
s__RF16 sp018065205
s__Flectobacillus sp009905545
s__Sphingomonas_R prati
s__ATZT02 sp027730605
s__Pseudomonas_E japonica_A
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002893095
s__Oceanobacillus jeddahense
s__Rhizobium tibeticum
s__Barnesiella excrementigallinarum
s__RGIG2206 sp934486615
s__Streptococcus mitis_BU
s__UBA1561 sp001872545
s__Caccousia sp930987725
s__Holophaga sediminis
s__Vreelandella sp002366715
s__UBA1258 sp900100895
s__UBA4717 sp002404395
s__UASB340 sp018897535
s__UBA7239 sp016713115
s__JADFUO01 sp015222115
s__Eremiobacter antarcticus
s__UBA6055 sp026706445
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_F
s__UBA10566 sp023415495
s__Enterococcus ureasiticus
s__Prevotella sp902761905
s__CAIMZW01 sp903873185
s__Hamadaea sp013361475
s__UBA7185 sp900556545
s__Tabrizicola sp002280405
s__Rhodoluna sp016462375
s__Pseudoalteromonas amylolytica
s__Propionivibrio sp017990155
s__Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus
s__JACRDC01 sp021815655
s__Prevotella sp017940185
s__Epilithonimonas hominis
s__Dissulfurispira sp020062545
s__Akkermansia sp017471985
s__CAG-582 sp950097225
s__Flavobacterium sp947446635
s__UBA952 sp945877045
s__UBA6807 sp002441265
s__JABCPE02 sp013333255
s__UBA1217 sp002371315
s__Urinicoccus massiliensis
s__Alangreenwoodia sp019420525
s__Aequitasia blattaphilus_A
s__Acinetobacter guerrae
s__Finegoldia sp900766215
s__Cellulomonas_A chengniuliangii
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_K
s__Leptospira_A congkakensis
s__JAHEZL01 sp945871895
s__Fenollaria sp947254025
s__CALLPE01 sp938015445
s__Mycobacterium aichiense
s__CAG-273 sp934167305
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017443025
s__Kocuria rosea_A
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_M
s__Luteolibacter sp903826205
s__Spongiisocius sp021296345
s__QWPN01 sp903917235
s__MGBC162581 sp910587725
s__Paenibacillus sabinae
s__B111-G9 sp011042035
s__CAG-452 sp934121925
s__UBA4647 sp002438625
s__Actinomyces ruminicola
s__Bradyrhizobium sp011602485
s__UBA737 sp902762875
s__UBA5026 sp002416285
s__Pararhizobium sp900473795
s__YC12-FULL-57-11 sp943359455
s__Actinomarina sp902619825
s__Pseudomonas_E sediminis_A
s__JACTMZ01 sp027624625
s__Merdousia sp949293415
s__Parvimonas sp015257355
s__Palsa-504 sp030045295
s__Marinobacter profundi
s__JABWBG01 sp013360575
s__PLA3 sp003576875
s__Polynucleobacter difficilis
s__Helicobacter_F sp944325775
s__Parachristensenella avicola
s__S139-112 sp015485715
s__Sphingobacterium detergens
s__JAQTRU01 sp028716725
s__Amycolatopsis regifaucium
s__Cohaesibacter gelatinilyticus
s__UBA5005 sp947475875
s__Sodaliphilus sp002396125
s__JAHIMF01 sp018896645
s__Pseudomonas_E uvaldensis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp028656935
s__Roseovarius nanhaiticus
s__HIMB59 sp902617485
s__Methylotenera sp029569495
s__Bact-19 sp012512075
s__Peribacillus sp030348945
s__Clostridium sardiniense
s__Alistipes sp900550375
s__Pseudomonas_E anguilliseptica
s__Neisseria sp946902045
s__Sutterella sp905206365
s__Neptuniibacter sp002435145
s__CAIMFV01 sp903851655
s__Vibrio sagamiensis
s__JADKHK01 sp016703225
s__Synoicihabitans sp913058185
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum gingivalis
s__Palsa-892 sp003135415
s__Nereida ignava
s__Ruminococcus_C sp900770195
s__RGIG3102 sp017436575
s__Yoonia sp003551805
s__Ignatzschineria merdigallinarum
s__Hyphomonas sp001464545
s__UBA9959 sp021789695
s__Hyphococcus sp013002535
s__Sarcina sp029267215
s__UBA8639 sp020430245
s__CAITGV01 sp903892035
s__JAABPW01 sp903958395
s__SHLQ01 sp937922235
s__Micromonospora musae
s__Bilophila sp959604115
s__RUG159 sp902796435
s__Neobacillus mesonae
s__Magnetaquicoccus sp002753095
s__UBA1140 sp027068975
s__RUG13409 sp017442785
s__RF16 sp902774995
s__Aldehydirespirator sp009835735
s__Palsa-288 sp003142235
s__Variovorax sp900112425
s__UBA5359 sp002410925
s__Longibaculum sp900538465
s__UMGS1663 sp022791325
s__Neobacillus novalis
s__Metamycoplasma enhydrae
s__Qipengyuania sp018819685
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016710685
s__UBA2316 sp002345205
s__UMGS2068 sp900557675
s__Dehalobacter sp000305775
s__Scatousia sp944325635
s__Thermoflexus sinensis
s__Faecousia sp017622995
s__JAKAFS01 sp903928915
s__Mycobacterium noviomagense
s__Caccovicinus sp910588895
s__Sulfitobacter_F algicola
s__Multivorans sp028877275
s__M0103 sp903887095
s__Pelistega indica
s__Lautropia sp012513675
s__Salipiger pacificus_A
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp005798855
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947380175
s__Prevotella sp002297965
s__Aliiroseovarius zhejiangensis
s__UBA1248 sp902782785
s__Paenibacillus sp001426865
s__Collinsella sp900548265
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp011378855
s__Flavobacterium sp903902795
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902594485
s__CSBr16-57R1 sp017852335
s__B1 sp903927505
s__B1SED10-16 sp007127175
s__Collinsella sp900549135
s__BACL11 sp002730985
s__Paraburkholderia phytofirmans
s__CAIQWC01 sp903875425
s__CAG-115 sp934448295
s__CAIMNF01 sp943327105
s__Mycobacterium senuense
s__NK4A136 sp002314855
s__Agrobacterium sp005938205
s__Enterenecus sp948766235
s__UBA12454 sp003142595
s__JAICKJ01 sp025928015
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385095
s__JAHKAJ01 sp018826075
s__Rubrobacter_F sp016781775
s__SKVR01 sp007118135
s__Tenuifilum sp002383425
s__Paraburkholderia xenovorans
s__DYOB01 sp937960645
s__Nocardia cerradoensis
s__Thermosynechococcus lividus
s__Udaeobacter sp003218815
s__Planococcus ruber
s__UBA11490 sp003524095
s__Pseudonocardia sp001899645
s__JAKAEG01 sp021789935
s__UBA9959 sp001871115
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AQ
s__JADFXG01 sp015233895
s__JAJZLH01 sp021850485
s__Methylocystis iwaonis
s__VXPW01 sp021296265
s__UBA11957 sp934394565
s__Collinsella sp900754525
s__CAG-269 sp934167435
s__4572-112 sp022736595
s__Collinsella sp958347015
s__QKMZ01 sp012965515
s__UBA2376 sp016707895
s__UBA5951 sp012269555
s__GCA-2704625 sp003213135
s__GCA-002715585 sp002697665
s__Salegentibacter salarius
s__MnB-11 sp023426125
s__Nocardioides houyundeii
s__Avelusimicrobium sp002159705
s__UBA1067 sp002369235
s__2-01-FULL-40-39 sp001820095
s__Qipengyuania aurea
s__Virgibacillus chiguensis
s__Ornithinimicrobium kibberense
s__Alteromonas sp002691625
s__Coprosoma sp944358545
s__JADJTI01 sp016711265
s__UBA12247 sp003477185
s__Zwartia parapertussis_A
s__Ensifer sp900469625
s__Onthousia sp944333305
s__Microbacterium sp900102005
s__Cytobacillus sp030348385
s__Catenibacillus scindens
s__Blautia_A sp934359835
s__MONJU sp024762475
s__GWA2-33-14 sp001820215
s__Enterenecus sp949935795
s__Tepidanaerobacter sp001896545
s__RUG12438 sp902801685
s__Rothia sp002418375
s__NP936 sp015659035
s__GCA-2711125 sp002711125
s__JAHJMN01 sp018821305
s__FS08-3 sp020726085
s__Pseudochrobactrum sp900470285
s__JACZWL01 sp022572185
s__Mesorhizobium sp004962245
s__SAR86A sp902557965
s__Pantoea sp020179835
s__CAG-590 sp934293575
s__Yimella lutea
s__Ruminococcus_C sp937907215
s__Nocardia gamkensis
s__Microsaccharimonas sp002726935
s__Streptomyces sp001905825
s__Streptomyces griseiscabiei
s__JAIOZK01 sp021740625
s__JAOUIH01 sp029884165
s__UBA8525 sp018433865
s__Contendobacter sp002352185
s__CAG-873 sp900541865
s__UBA974 sp002700285
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_D
s__UMGS363 sp945868475
s__SCQM01 sp027320695
s__UBA2912 sp900314845
s__Chlorobium sp903824295
s__Phenylobacterium sp002363865
s__Paraburkholderia nodosa
s__Rubrivivax sp903914615
s__Solirhodobacter sp028875855
s__Tabrizicola sp947504705
s__UBA4372 sp017379075
s__SLRQ01 sp007130885
s__Variibacter gotjawalensis
s__JAAXHH01 sp009835325
s__Planifilum sp021793745
s__Cellulomonas wangsupingiae
s__O2-12-FULL-45-9-A sp001771365
s__Xenorhabdus cabanillasii
s__JABBGTR01 sp018830045
s__Demequina rhizosphaerae
s__PALSA-1003 sp005888955
s__RUG11139 sp902766265
s__Coproplasma sp905207235
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000346755
s__Cryptobacteroides merdigallinarum
s__Cyanobium sp903935205
s__Neorhizobium sp002968555
s__JACRCG01 sp028681335
s__Maribacter_A sp018679695
s__Coprococcus sp900761435
s__UBA4372 sp902779845
s__Limimorpha sp902785755
s__UMGS1889 sp945877315
s__HCHbin5 sp002753505
s__SCMQ01 sp005503335
s__Ochrobactrum pecoris
s__SKKN01 sp007121455
s__Pseudoteredinibacter isoporae
s__Scybalousia sp910584255
s__Niallia sp031179905
s__CADAWZ01 sp902790465
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002469325
s__Carnobacterium_A alterfunditum
s__Demequina maris
s__Collinsella sp900541475
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900771005
s__Collinsella sp900546105
s__Alteromonas sp002729795
s__Sutcliffiella_A horikoshii_E
s__Domibacillus enclensis
s__Coprovivens sp910577505
s__Pantoea sp001187905
s__CAG-269 sp948891265
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_F
s__Mycobacterium heidelbergense
s__Pandoraea fibrosis
s__QIJE01 sp003232385
s__UBA10085 sp028709305
s__Sediminibacterium pinensis_D
s__CAIMWS01 sp903845125
s__UBA1258 sp017553505
s__Bradyrhizobium guangzhouense
s__Microbacterium sediminis
s__Flavobacterium piscis
s__Rhodococcus sp012844225
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021777135
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017938925
s__Anaerococcus murdochii
s__Propioniciclava sp014164685
s__PHOS-HE28 sp023382455
s__Parolsenella sp958406235
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_K
s__UBA11490 sp934748015
s__PXFI01 sp003564295
s__Gracilinema sp012517385
s__Treponema_G faecavium
s__SKOX01 sp007119835
s__Streptomyces sp018604545
s__GCA-002694895 sp950054395
s__Arsenophonus apicola
s__W3P20-009 sp015061285
s__MPNP01 sp028823855
s__Thiobacillus sp024709425
s__JAAFJM01 sp903901345
s__JAGLTQ01 sp026197095
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029846715
s__Casimicrobium huifangae
s__Methylovirgula sp021780015
s__Vermiphilus pyriformis
s__Eudoraea sp013042925
s__Metamycoplasma cloacale
s__Flexilinea sp022837205
s__CAG-873 sp900759825
s__UBA2834 sp017418275
s__Microbacterium resistens
s__Psychroflexus halotolerans
s__Collinsella sp900549065
s__Alloalcanivorax sp002389055
s__DTU065 sp028708605
s__Pseudomonas_E saxonica
s__Microbacterium sp030818255
s__JAGZMM01 sp951801675
s__CAG-177 sp016285645
s__Bartonella arupensis
s__NC2004 sp934317845
s__Polaribacter sp002340765
s__PALSA-747 sp903907665
s__UBA12178 sp003538775
s__UMGS1601 sp900553335
s__JAJYGJ01 sp021790695
s__Terracoccus luteus
s__Chelonobacter sp006228105
s__SORT01 sp022571215
s__UBA1479 sp002696205
s__Collinsella sp900540905
s__RGIG5612 sp017511185
s__JAJXUF01 sp021783175
s__SFKP01 sp004553715
s__UBA1557 sp001871435
s__AV80 sp003134785
s__GCA-2722315 sp018334995
s__Granulicatella sp001058355
s__Collinsella sp900546825
s__Amycolatopsis bartoniae
s__Schaedlerella sp900765975
s__SXYR01 sp009919185
s__Pseudoscilispira faecavium
s__CADDYS01 sp021794835
s__UBA10364 sp905182675
s__Frisingicoccus sp009929615
s__Saccharomonospora piscinae
s__JANXWW01 sp025350945
s__Collinsella sp959021215
s__JACKIP01 sp020638395
s__AC2028 sp000702685
s__Thermoflexus sp025055495
s__UBA668 sp005778215
s__UBA2988 sp945876015
s__UBA5518 sp945862145
s__JABDIY01 sp938029215
s__Hydrococcus sp012031035
s__REEB67 sp018266215
s__ASP10-02a sp002686055
s__Acidovorax sp002754495
s__Succinivibrio sp900315395
s__JAATGI01 sp030041335
s__UBA3789 sp902793315
s__Mycobacterium frederiksbergense_A
s__Azonexus phosphorivorans
s__CAG-273 sp944392105
s__Onthenecus intestinigallinarum
s__JABDAW01 sp903911135
s__Calidifontimicrobium sediminis
s__SAR86A sp003213495
s__UBA2897 sp900315155
s__JACAEO01 sp937918935
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902590505
s__Calditerrivibrio sp020217115
s__Alistipes sp938014215
s__UBA7805 sp002168195
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra_B
s__Garciella sp900555725
s__Phocaeicola sp900760795
s__SIG307 sp029012365
s__Pelomonas sp003963075
s__Ensifer sp001695855
s__Phototrophicus sp020634165
s__UBA3633 sp002374095
s__Legionella_C birminghamensis
s__Algoriphagus ratkowskyi
s__Actinomyces sp009930875
s__UMGS1484 sp934486455
s__JANELJ01 sp027012135
s__UBA10174 sp003528115
s__GWA2-45-9 sp001779535
s__Neochlamydia sp011087585
s__Palauibacter rhopaloidicola
s__Bact-11 sp028686425
s__Mumia sp014127285
s__Marinobacter xestospongiae
s__Microbacterium hydrothermale
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp023666265
s__Metalysinibacillus jejuensis
s__Thermoleophilum sp002898855
s__Geothrix sp021812805
s__Paraburkholderia kirstenboschensis
s__Lepagella sp023665145
s__MWEH01 sp002070965
s__Scatoplasma merdavium
s__Pseudoalteromonas aurantia_A
s__Tsukamurella paurometabola_A
s__CALWRM01 sp944383925
s__Cryptobacteroides sp904501835
s__Cellulosilyticum sp019418225
s__CAG-791 sp900318375
s__Mycobacterium sinense_B
s__Flavobacterium sp947488545
s__Hominilimicola sp017406485
s__JAJYPG01 sp021852225
s__Pelagibacter sp902543575
s__Chordicoccus sp902779245
s__G11 sp900103495
s__IMCC26134_A sp945898185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900319485
s__Desulfonatronospira sp003554505
s__HGM16780 sp944390905
s__CAG-269 sp934122085
s__JACKOM01 sp024234265
s__Rhodopila sp903944925
s__Ralstonia wenshanensis
s__Collinsella vaginalis
s__Thiothrix subterranea_A
s__Amphritea japonica
s__Kordiimonas sp947492375
s__Bartonella sp028618665
s__JALFVM01 sp022787145
s__VXLM01 sp009841605
s__Nonomuraea parvosata
s__JAHIER01 sp018827845
s__UBA2270 sp903887485
s__Lentilactobacillus sp002418005
s__Nodularia sphaerocarpa
s__QOAS01 sp012962155
s__RAAP-2 sp021831125
s__Sodaliphilus sp902768435
s__SOIA01 sp004378665
s__Streptomyces collinus_A
s__Pseudomonas_E kilonensis_B
s__Pelagibacter sp003210025
s__VBCG01 sp016704895
s__Nostoc muscorum
s__Thermobifida alba
s__Altibacter lentus
s__CAITLX01 sp903893335
s__CACNXQ01 sp902624455
s__Devosia_A sp001899075
s__CAG-238 sp002439735
s__JAJXYJ01 sp021780615
s__Mailhella sp902783285
s__VBCG01 sp025927765
s__UBA6107 sp021779955
s__Avitreponema avistercoris
s__Amycolatopsis acidiphila
s__Apibacter muscae
s__Mycobacterium shigaense
s__Exiguobacterium mexicanum
s__QYQG01 sp005790965
s__Perlucidibaca sp018066805
s__F23-B02 sp900760205
s__MED-G16 sp002692105
s__Ancylomarina euxinus
s__Mesoplasma grammopterae
s__UBA4334 sp902800305
s__Streptomyces caelestis_A
s__Corynebacterium marambiense
s__WRDF01 sp944325305
s__UBA1140 sp020721385
s__Neobacillus jeddahensis
s__CAG-465 sp947381905
s__Oscillochloris sp903920315
s__JADJPO01 sp016713225
s__Collinsella sp959021055
s__Urinicoccus timonensis
s__Corynebacterium callunae
s__CAG-273 sp900752095
s__PWLA01 sp007132965
s__RF16 sp017457295
s__Collinsella sp900550415
s__Streptomyces spororaveus
s__Treponema_D rectale
s__Allosphingosinicella sp019232625
s__Actinomyces sp002999235
s__SXMI01 sp903953195
s__Avibacterium volantium
s__Coproplasma sp948890655
s__Ureibacillus chungkukjangi
s__Alteromonas gracilis
s__Actinomyces viscosus
s__DUOJ01 sp012838895
s__Chlorobium sp903822595
s__Lactobacillus xujianguonis
s__Streptomyces sp001426585
s__Halolacustris primus
s__HTCC2207 sp012960115
s__Streptomyces tanashiensis
s__Aneurinibacillus danicus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946414115
s__Marinobacter manganoxydans
s__Tateyamaria sp947504105
s__Ensifer_A sp900467685
s__HIMB30 sp002714245
s__CAG-448 sp944381085
s__Methylobacter_C sp903839855
s__SIG37 sp015062715
s__Coproplasma sp949747905
s__UBA1740 sp017504785
s__Bradyrhizobium sp015291665
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903928635
s__MAG-120802 sp009927705
s__Tomitella fengzijianii
s__Gordonibacter avicola
s__Wolbachia sp947250645
s__Cryptobacteroides intestinigallinarum
s__Bacteroides_F sp945913015
s__Luminiphilus sp943789425
s__Acidoferrum sp003223215
s__AEGEAN-183 sp001628005
s__Chelatococcus_A caeni
s__Curtobacterium sp001705035
s__Tatlockia drozanskii
s__Agreia sp001421485
s__DTFZ01 sp023410595
s__SLFT01 sp007124105
s__Acidithiobacillus sp015100155
s__UBA4763 sp002403455
s__CSSed10-48 sp007130855
s__UBA10906 sp903876445
s__RAAP-2 sp021779855
s__Psychrobacter piscatorii
s__Psychrobacter cibarius_A
s__JAGPAO01 sp018063805
s__Actinobacillus sp029774175
s__UMGS1865 sp905201895
s__Turicibacter sp017888305
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp910585055
s__Bilifractor sp900314295
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902767845
s__JALQTV01 sp030729925
s__Alistipes sp015059785
s__Collinsella sp900764955
s__CAIYZJ01 sp947447895
s__JACKGW01 sp020631815
s__Pseudanabaena sp903819605
s__PALSA-600 sp025936595
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AQ
s__JAADDL01 sp026993075
s__Flavobacterium aquatile
s__NK4A144 sp902803745
s__Helicobacter_H mustelae
s__Prevotella sp016283605
s__BACL27 sp005805045
s__50-400-T64 sp002162825
s__Porisulfidus sp028819565
s__Aulosira tenue
s__YD0425bin51 sp002753225
s__UBA1412 sp016283885
s__Neisseria weixii
s__Brotaphodocola sp003481825
s__Avilachnospira sp944381575
s__SXXK01 sp903871805
s__Nocardia africana
s__Roseibium sp017643925
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_C
s__Amulumruptor sp900547825
s__Streptomyces nojiriensis
s__Brevibacterium sp943914815
s__Multiplicimicrobium inquinatum
s__Roseobacter denitrificans
s__GWC2-45-44 sp001824555
s__UBA4372 sp947167455
s__UBA5078 sp903862645
s__Rivihabitans pingtungensis
s__Sideroxyarcus sp018813765
s__Geothrix sp021778785
s__Shimia marina_A
s__CAIOGO01 sp903857865
s__Thiopseudomonas sp001513435
s__Streptococcus sp001650315
s__Gemmiger gallinarum
s__CAMDMI01 sp945883425
s__Paenibacillus amylolyticus_A
s__JAJZRJ01 sp021802645
s__JAKAAD01 sp021802305
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AC
s__FEN-1297 sp027391615
s__Onthocola_B sp934098735
s__Novosphingobium sp003454795
s__UBA2110 sp002719335
s__Polaromonas sp947451205
s__Sediminibacterium sp009928005
s__CAJUPY01 sp014800385
s__Leptospira_A montravelensis
s__Phosphoribacter sp016715285
s__UBA6249 sp002441245
s__Polynucleobacter sp903918115
s__Trinickia sp029522115
s__Chimaeribacter coloradensis
s__Kitasatospora griseola
s__UBA6262 sp028712895
s__Desulfomicrobium sp023393525
s__Eubacterium_R sp017476375
s__Dickeya aquatica
s__Mycobacterium rufum
s__Bin34 sp009841145
s__Pelagibacter sp902574735
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903822825
s__HKST-UBA85 sp020435705
s__Legionella bononiensis
s__Alloscillospira sp017540565
s__Chlorobium sp903939765
s__Naka2016 sp937927515
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp905182885
s__Scandinavium manionii
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp009927665
s__65-9 sp001899525
s__JAKSCG01 sp022360715
s__Spirillospora hallensis
s__Wujia sp023664385
s__Hymenobacter negativus_A
s__UBA1405 sp002305685
s__Bosea thiooxidans
s__Sporosarcina newyorkensis
s__Terrihabitans sp003347645
s__Limnohabitans sp947447235
s__WVXJ01 sp011773575
s__JAHJOQ01 sp018820315
s__UBA2242 sp002347855
s__PALSA-1006 sp903913145
s__Onthovivens sp002399785
s__Mycobacterium shinjukuense
s__Collinsella sp900540875
s__JAAYDH01 sp028690575
s__D37C17 sp030747125
s__Polynucleobacter sp903900805
s__Synergistes sp016288355
s__Pelagimonas phthalicica
s__GCA-2721545 sp014237605
s__CAJBIL01 sp903939665
s__Bacillus_A sanguinis
s__Alectryocaccomicrobium excrementavium
s__Arthrobacter sp023913735
s__Flavobacterium sp030324495
s__Novosphingobium sp947473355
s__Saccharofermentans sp017478485
s__Vulcanococcus sp019264575
s__JAGOMP01 sp017993505
s__UBA1179 sp017530735
s__CACNYO01 sp902589965
s__Lactococcus fujiensis
s__CV81 sp003506635
s__Ochrobactrum_B haematophila
s__JAJYDJ01 sp021777565
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946186455
s__Collinsella sp900544995
s__Enterococcus_B phoeniculicola
s__Mycobacterium brisbanense
s__B7-G16 sp003644405
s__Kocuria oceani
s__Fimenecus excrementigallinarum
s__UBA3946 sp023228385
s__PBB1 sp947462065
s__UBA4466 sp002389415
s__UBA4372 sp902781515
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_T
s__UBA4372 sp947176535
s__Hymenobacter siberiensis
s__Pontibacter populi
s__Desulfomarina sp001750925
s__Streptococcus sp015256435
s__JABMPE01 sp016779365
s__Scatenecus sp944323655
s__JAENYK01 sp016841825
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900315195
s__Rhodopila bogorensis_A
s__RGIG6076 sp017524185
s__UMGS1477 sp900553845
s__RH-chloro-G1 sp003670735
s__Rhodococcus zopfii
s__Microbacterium sp028737325
s__Collinsella sp900542175
s__GCA-2731375 sp030747035
s__12-FULL-43-12b sp001823875
s__Opitutus sp024707325
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_O
s__Paucibacter_A sp903820745
s__UBA7702 sp934702375
s__Kallipyga massiliensis
s__Eoetvoesia caeni
s__Geobacter metallireducens
s__Moraxella lacunata
s__Bog-950 sp947457525
s__CAKQHB01 sp934234215
s__SMYD01 sp027295805
s__UMGS1908 sp905187655
s__2-12-FULL-45-10 sp001777995
s__Legionella waltersii
s__UBA1100 sp913048135
s__Modicisalibacter tunisiensis
s__Nodosilinea sp014695775
s__JAJZKE01 sp027314795
s__2-12-FULL-55-11 sp001787585
s__Muribaculum sp910583865
s__Limimorpha sp015061295
s__UBA6957 sp002707365
s__Barb7 sp001657575
s__Lutimaribacter sp023703375
s__JAGOTH01 sp018061865
s__Alistipes sp900768045
s__CADEEN01 sp029884035
s__Dysosmobacter sp009773995
s__JADKBO01 sp016715105
s__UMGS856 sp900760305
s__Billgrantia aerodenitrificans
s__Kineothrix sp023399455
s__Cellulophaga omnivescoria
s__UBA11358 sp021781185
s__GCA-2699335 sp030748495
s__Methylomirabilis lanthanidiphila
s__SHLN01 sp013002865
s__BRH-c54 sp000961845
s__UBA1672 sp027075555
s__Luteococcus japonicus
s__Leptospira stimsonii_A
s__SIG371 sp015056045
s__Megasphaera sp022486585
s__Mycobacterium nonchromogenicum
s__AP-16 sp019243195
s__Chth-196 sp945906945
s__Bin25 sp026710085
s__Poriferihabitans thioversatilis
s__CAG-1193 sp017428495
s__MVZH01 sp002068325
s__Flagellimonas sp017795045
s__CAJBEZ01 sp023474025
s__JAJYIF01 sp021790195
s__Acinetobacter sp000400715
s__Tepidimonas ignava
s__Dorea_A sp016295505
s__Bradyrhizobium huanghuaihaiense
s__MED-G14 sp902550325
s__Bradyrhizobium frederickii
s__UBA12473 sp000993615
s__Sphingopyxis sp018823905
s__Rhodanobacter sp004298505
s__Pelagibacter sp902543245
s__Vreelandella sp000235725
s__Phocaeicola sp905198575
s__UBA3900 sp002391675
s__Nanosynbacter lyticus
s__Streptomyces pristinaespiralis
s__Brevibacterium sp005280295
s__Stercorousia sp934691935
s__Desulfopertinax sp002375985
s__Arthrobacter_B gengyunqii
s__Flavobacterium sp002352205
s__PWUC01 sp003566675
s__Alloprevotella sp916438195
s__Limnocylindrus sp016463555
s__Enteromonas pullistercoris
s__Proteiniphilum sp028709605
s__Chersky-822 sp027313705
s__S139-149 sp015485585
s__UBA1424 sp023396795
s__Acetatifactor sp016303085
s__Dysgonomonas sp002482385
s__JABMPJ01 sp018648805
s__Hormoscilla sp014324065
s__Winogradskyella sp002163855
s__UBA952 sp903860985
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016721825
s__Neochlamydia sp000813665
s__ER46 sp903840415
s__JAAYLJ01 sp012521935
s__S012-72 sp015487455
s__JACCVL01 sp013696365
s__70-18 sp001899585
s__WGA-3G sp009843785
s__Sphingomonas_E fennica
s__UBA1858 sp002338385
s__Pararhodobacter sp007134405
s__Prosthecomicrobium_A hirschii
s__GCA-002790365 sp022573715
s__Xanthomonas_A sp014199795
s__WM01 sp017945845
s__Rhodopila sp021805565
s__Ensifer sp000799055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900760425
s__Oenococcus sp004010835
s__Gloeomargarita sp937936705
s__UM-FILTER-36-13 sp002787405
s__MGBC136627 sp947643285
s__Neisseria wadsworthii
s__Paenibacillus sp002264395
s__Moraxella cuniculi
s__Gulosibacter molinativorax
s__SZUA-76 sp945787585
s__JAKAQV01 sp021822495
s__Nitrospira_D sp018242765
s__Aureimonas phyllosphaerae
s__Fluviibacter sp018883265
s__Cellulomonas sp008033115
s__JAABUE01 sp030123675
s__2-02-FULL-46-19 sp001795795
s__Brachybacterium halotolerans
s__Bacteroides_D sp013333195
s__2-02-FULL-50-9b sp903893485
s__RAAP-2 sp002255315
s__Acetobacter lambici
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_Z
s__Sodaliphilus sp902776435
s__Phocaeicola_A sp944320885
s__Evtepia sp934567745
s__Prevotella sp002439605
s__CAAFZY01 sp944393235
s__LS-NOB sp009873635
s__JAKANM01 sp021812425
s__JAQVOJ01 sp028702675
s__Sulfurimonas sp001829715
s__Bacillus_BT aquiflavi
s__Planktomarina sp002698165
s__Accumulibacter sp000585015
s__GCA-1730015 sp937957915
s__Muribaculum sp001701065
s__UBA1776 sp017457105
s__Paracidovorax cattleyae
s__Collinsella tanakaei_B
s__Muribaculum sp947567425
s__Alcanivorax sp014762765
s__JAAYBG01 sp028693535
s__Rhizobacter gummiphilus
s__CAG-475 sp002478945
s__Paenibacillus sp001955855
s__RGIG995 sp017424085
s__CAIKZJ01 sp903901375
s__Caccovivens sp949067325
s__C7867-001 sp903994795
s__UBA3633 sp900313535
s__SV3-B141 sp018433015
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021849615
s__HRBIN32 sp031296405
s__Cryptobacteroides excrementavium
s__BAIKAL-G1 sp945860085
s__UMGS1071 sp934457095
s__CALWRD01 sp958426775
s__2-12-FULL-41-17 sp001774945
s__Collimonas pratensis
s__Streptococcus sp000688775
s__UBA5951 sp018666135
s__Psychrobacter sp014861365
s__Clostridium_AU thermarum
s__PSRF01 sp025937955
s__MEDG-81 sp003331625
s__UBA5861 sp002432635
s__Defluviilinea sp013360875
s__Pauljensenia georgiae
s__TMED112 sp002716745
s__UBA9973 sp001786745
s__RUG334 sp900317935
s__Rhodanobacter sp000427505
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_N
s__Gp6-AA45 sp001917905
s__Sphingobium bisphenolicum
s__UBA1740 sp934393265
s__JAMCPL01 sp021846515
s__UBA8229 sp003535775
s__PFJX01 sp030653935
s__Porphyromonas sp947290775
s__Coprococcus sp016297325
s__CAG-266 sp905207485
s__Aphodomonas sp004557805
s__Sphingopyxis sp001427085
s__CAG-791 sp002394525
s__Sphingobacterium prati
s__Acinetobacter sp000368265
s__M0027 sp021713395
s__Roseovarius sp000152845
s__JAAFJM01 sp945876985
s__Sandaracinobacteroides sp020692215
s__Neoasaia chiangmaiensis
s__ER46 sp947461205
s__Streptomyces viridochromogenes_A
s__UBA12086 sp002784795
s__Pseudomonas_E grimontii
s__CAG-269 sp934162205
s__Veillonella sp900550175
s__Gp1-AA112 sp019243475
s__S5-K13 sp019248485
s__Gallionella sp021782365
s__CAIXZV01 sp021783595
s__Mycobacterium conspicuum
s__Aquincolibacterium lacustre
s__JAFMKE01 sp017853115
s__UBA6857 sp902761265
s__Prevotella melaninogenica_D
s__TMED126 sp002701605
s__Streptobacillus notomytis
s__CAJMQN01 sp905215695
s__Variovorax sp030316825
s__UBA7867 sp002405615
s__CAMYKD01 sp029859805
s__Pseudovibrio exalbescens
s__Collinsella sp900554665
s__Xanthomonas_B massiliensis
s__RUG572 sp900320225
s__SIG351 sp905210525
s__Methyloversatilis discipulorum
s__Arthrobacter sp001424565
s__Aquimarina sp003443675
s__UBA3207 sp900314585
s__Apibacter mensalis
s__Modicisalibacter sp022348165
s__UBA2558 sp002340425
s__Nanopelagicus sp009700155
s__JAEZRQ01 sp028681575
s__RHKX01 sp020636895
s__UMGS1264 sp944380875
s__Flexilinea flocculi
s__FD2005 sp017392525
s__UBA5745 sp002435905
s__CAIKAP01 sp903825435
s__Corynebacterium casei_A
s__Anthropogastromicrobium sp900315495
s__Granulicella sp903873705
s__Hylemonella sp021845965
s__28-YEA-48 sp903931945
s__Sediminibacterium sp947452555
s__Pelagibacter sp902526645
s__SYAN01 sp027592195
s__Nonlabens sp018401815
s__SXOB01 sp945861065
s__Pandoraea commovens
s__Fen-1258 sp021801605
s__J054 sp937921935
s__Sporosarcina sp002077155
s__Collinsella sp900540985
s__Ruminococcus sp934474025
s__Palsa-881 sp903923135
s__RS62 sp000496475
s__Onthocola_B sp934085585
s__Marinisoma sp902538565
s__Sporolactobacillus laevolacticus
s__Streptococcus sp004166885
s__Cryobacterium lyxosi
s__UBA1712 sp902778165
s__Xanthomonas arboricola_F
s__Ramlibacter sp947449025
s__Anaerotignum propionicum
s__Bifidobacterium sp003585735
s__JADGNZ01 sp019247495
s__Hominibacterium sp009911365
s__Onthenecus sp900199405
s__CAG-245 sp934133005
s__Luminiphilus sp902522335
s__UBA4372 sp002391275
s__Anaeromyxobacter_B sp021782135
s__Arsenicicoccus cauae
s__Streptococcus australis
s__Nocardia aurea
s__Agathobacter sp023666425
s__Mangrovimonas yunxiaonensis
s__HGM04593 sp015060885
s__Rahnella aquatilis
s__Dysosmobacter sp900548505
s__Methylovulum psychrotolerans
s__Cellulomonas sp001898185
s__CAIKXD01 sp945872355
s__UBA7441 sp905182465
s__UBA5619 sp001873745
s__Caulobacter sp002742645
s__QALR01 sp003150035
s__Litorimonas sp937927825
s__Limivicinus sp944385175
s__CANJLN01 sp947475175
s__Erythrobacter sp009995225
s__JALHDB01 sp022840825
s__HGM11530 sp900751685
s__Phil1 sp002069725
s__Rhodobacter aestuarii
s__JAQTPK01 sp028712885
s__Rhizobium aethiopicum_A
s__Ornithinicoccus hortensis
s__S145-15 sp015493635
s__Shewanella algicola
s__Neisseria sicca_A
s__UBA8904 sp012729055
s__Mf105b01 sp000509225
s__Methyloceanibacter sp002390155
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009764265
s__UBA4572 sp021827365
s__JAJZPH01 sp021811265
s__QGON01 sp003349915
s__Cellulosilyticum sp900556665
s__UBA3207 sp002395065
s__Fibrobacter sp900142545
s__OLB17 sp016718135
s__HTCC2207 sp017858135
s__CAG-873 sp947177185
s__CAIJXV01 sp903824675
s__Gimesia panareensis
s__Enterobacter sp019968765
s__Acaryochloris sp012034865
s__UBA2995 sp002346535
s__Desulfonauticus sp001507915
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AM
s__UBA3855 sp015066665
s__Paraferrimonas haliotis
s__Faecimorpha sp900764045
s__Gemmiger variabilis
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp938002255
s__Desulfofundulus_A thermobenzoicus
s__GCA-2704625 sp902587295
s__Thermophilibacter sp002159735
s__Sediminibacterium pinensis_E
s__JACRGQ01 sp021815535
s__Onthoplasma faecigallinarum
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp002313515
s__CAIQPS01 sp903873715
s__UBA1407 sp017964325
s__Treponema_F sp017936345
s__JALCBB01 sp028066985
s__Collinsella sp900551015
s__Palsa-601 sp003136185
s__CAJXHR01 sp913054525
s__UBA3700 sp016287155
s__CACNYO01 sp902570035
s__Cephaloticoccus sp002713695
s__Scatousia sp944325865
s__Lederbergia_B citrea
s__Marinibacterium anthonyi
s__STD2-258 sp028691375
s__Nitratifractor sp015486995
s__S5133MH16 sp001751005
s__JAGXLP01 sp018334615
s__Eubacterium_B sp002472145
s__Collinsella sp900757385
s__Spirillospora livida
s__UBA2110 sp002705305
s__Rosenbergiella australiborealis
s__UBA2093 sp009704065
s__Pelotomaculum_C schinkii
s__Pseudoxanthomonas taiwanensis
s__40CM-4-68-19 sp005879535
s__Dialister sp002471975
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902779495
s__Streptomyces atratus
s__Rivularia sp002361335
s__JAJZQO01 sp021799275
s__Brevundimonas sp002343425
s__RUG592 sp900315715
s__RGIG6154 sp934457515
s__CAG-269 sp001915995
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001465025
s__Streptomyces sp001905385
s__CALUVN01 sp944323595
s__Pseudoclavibacter terrae
s__ISDg sp902783725
s__JAGFIY01 sp024103215
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900755995
s__Cryptoclostridium obscurum
s__Alicyclobacillus_I tengchongensis
s__Brocadia sp013360945
s__Ochrobactrum oryzae
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp004208945
s__UBA5976 sp947448865
s__GCA-002708145 sp002728715
s__UBA1547 sp021779755
s__Nitrosospira multiformis
s__UWMA-0277 sp018645865
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A bovirhinis
s__JACOSB01 sp016179105
s__Azonexus aromaticus_B
s__SCMT01 sp020692565
s__Thiobacillus sp021820845
s__Microcoleus sp015207505
s__Parasulfuritortus sp020692235
s__F23-B02 sp900772725
s__UBA10122 sp001817215
s__Methylocaldum sp002005105
s__JAGOCT01 sp020532185
s__DMER64 sp002305545
s__Fusobacterium_A sp900555485
s__Opacimonas sp029251505
s__UBA11606 sp022425325
s__Lancefieldella sp022732885
s__Sulfitobacter dubius
s__Weissella fangxianensis
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp020445255
s__Alkalihalobacillus trypoxylicola
s__Pelagibacter sp001704055
s__Thiobacillus sp002257045
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AP
s__CAG-269 sp930982035
s__Desulfobacter sp003538835
s__RBG-16-57-11 sp020060465
s__Litorivivens sp002415025
s__Faecousia sp022772525
s__JAHDQI01 sp022705405
s__UBA9145 sp913054495
s__SKNL01 sp007128425
s__RAAP-2 sp903885505
s__GCA-2704625 sp902614835
s__Parolsenella sp900549525
s__Rubidus massiliensis
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947378275
s__Caproiciproducens galactitolivorans
s__Methylophilus sp000525025
s__Elarobacter beijerinckii
s__Moritella sp013215705
s__CAIPMZ01 sp903866285
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_R
s__RUG572 sp902802945
s__Puia sp030706635
s__UBA3855 sp002449575
s__UBA11358 sp903858275
s__Ruegeria profundi
s__Nocardioides aromaticivorans
s__Paraburkholderia saeva
s__SOJT01 sp004376485
s__CAG-273 sp905214245
s__Bacillus_A mycoides_C
s__Collinsella sp900545505
s__Gemmobacter fulvus
s__Butyricimonas sp900761485
s__SLSP01 sp007130345
s__54-19 sp001898225
s__JAGXLC01 sp018334875
s__UBA9647 sp003170475
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016717305
s__JAGOEZ01 sp017997455
s__GCA-2690215 sp030740435
s__Collinsella sp900549215
s__Nanosyncoccus alces
s__Staphylococcus piscifermentans
s__Acetatifactor sp900320485
s__QQWI01 sp004125825
s__Desulfocurvibacter africanus
s__CAIKMS01 sp903828595
s__Rhodococcus sp001426185
s__UBA9148 sp002323325
s__UBA10656 sp002085445
s__Halarcobacter bivalviorum
s__Prevotella sp900556825
s__MGBC102946 sp947643405
s__UBA10281 sp021635425
s__NORP259 sp020638855
s__UBA9973 sp002792755
s__Rhodanobacter sp001617365
s__RGIG4079 sp017505535
s__UBA8477 sp021734065
s__Ruegeria atlantica_C
s__Campylobacter_D sp026241315
s__Marinomonas primoryensis
s__JADKBO01 sp017987975
s__JAGWRI01 sp028876525
s__UBA3839 sp902798705
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233215
s__Actinosynnema mirum
s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans_C
s__Mixta tenebrionis
s__Pseudomonas_E azerbaijanoccidentalis
s__Eisenbergiella merdipullorum
s__Nocardia jinanensis
s__Evtepia sp934597725
s__RUG420 sp900771085
s__Sulfurimonas sp028689055
s__JAJZWV01 sp021795575
s__Gp1-AA133 sp003225465
s__UBA6894 sp017853285
s__Ligilactobacillus excrementavium
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903904855
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp903868245
s__CAG-115 sp945829235
s__Corynebacterium marinum
s__Methylobacterium sp001422985
s__Bin5 sp026914085
s__Rhizomicrobium sp018970685
s__Halobacteriovorax_A vibrionivorans
s__Williamsia sp002095435
s__Paucibacter_A aquatile
s__Balneatrix alpica
s__RUG11977 sp902774525
s__GCA-2720855 sp002720855
s__Nocardia arthritidis_A
s__Mucilaginibacter rubeus
s__DUSC01 sp008933895
s__YD12-FULL-61-37 sp018812525
s__JASMHE01 sp030750865
s__Aliivibrio sp001690985
s__TMED25 sp002704755
s__JAFDDH01 sp019310975
s__GCA-2721545 sp002721545
s__Qipengyuania sp947501215
s__Aliarcobacter cloacae
s__Bacillus_A sp013314535
s__JABWCC01 sp013359315
s__Acutalibacter sp937958185
s__JAHJCO01 sp018831265
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023101665
s__JALSRW01 sp027045875
s__JAAFJM01 sp903888395
s__DSNY01 sp016861185
s__Caccovivens sp948465545
s__Pseudovibrio ascidiaceicola
s__UBA3031 sp002167745
s__Edaphobacter sp001897435
s__Mycobacterium parmense
s__Vitreimonas sp002343395
s__Limosilactobacillus frumenti
s__Lentimicrobium sp020636745
s__UBA6926 sp002450835
s__Dysosmobacter sp022778785
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp905212365
s__CAITKP01 sp903892995
s__Lepagella sp900759795
s__Achromobacter pulmonis_A
s__JANTHG01 sp024762535
s__Vibrio pectenicida
s__SW10 sp029253285
s__MB11C04 sp027593365
s__Vannielia litorea_B
s__Ferruginibacter pinensis_B
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002723015
s__JAJYWF01 sp021791615
s__Nanosynbacter sp900555265
s__Bulleidia extructa
s__Lacrimispora saccharolytica
s__Jeotgalibaca porci
s__VFKH01 sp009885615
s__Butyrivibrio sp000424545
s__JAAKFX01 sp011064875
s__Rubrivirga sp002283555
s__Azospirillum brasilense_C
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_A
s__Xanthomonas_A sp014236855
s__UBA7862 sp945928645
s__Sulfitobacter sp947500075
s__CAIVAT01 sp903913885
s__RAAP-2 sp027355725
s__Streptococcus oralis_R
s__CAG-1000 sp900313815
s__JAJYLM01 sp021787655
s__Azovibrio sp002340095
s__BMS3Abin09 sp002897915
s__Companilactobacillus alimentarius
s__Pelagibacter sp902563555
s__RGIG4074 sp017886575
s__Nanosynbacter sp900555885
s__PLOWO2-12-38-17 sp001830285
s__GCA-2730855 sp902532015
s__UBA12454 sp903847315
s__UA16 sp028823145
s__Nesterenkonia sandarakina
s__Granulicatella sp916049935
s__Streptomyces sp001654495
s__Bifidobacterium lemurum
s__Paenibacillus_B alvei_B
s__Defluviilinea sp002418205
s__Bifidobacterium saguini
s__Faecalibacterium sp944386015
s__Collinsella sp900754275
s__Trichocoleus sp014695385
s__Faecalibacterium sp905215595
s__Rhodanobacter sp028866435
s__CAISCU01 sp903883965
s__Faecalibacterium sp029264955
s__Alloscardovia macacae
s__Burkholderia ubonensis_B
s__JAFKFJ01 sp021818505
s__Methylopumilus sp005797835
s__MWCO01 sp002070115
s__Thermomonas haemolytica
s__HIMB30 sp002717305
s__Polaribacter sp019278525
s__Halarcobacter ebronensis
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp905479575
s__Gemmobacter_B sp014654775
s__Cupriavidus sp000379565
s__Aphodomonas sp934615235
s__Hominicoprocola sp934572465
s__Pelagibacter sp902618205
s__Pelethomonas sp014799915
s__Lactobacillus sp947539375
s__Leisingera sp025144145
s__Nosocomiicoccus ampullae
s__Prevotella sp947174835
s__Mameliella sp019392335
s__CAJJPW01 sp905193725
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_L
s__Yoonia sp025141675
s__Bovifimicola sp900321855
s__Jeotgalicoccus meleagridis
s__Brevundimonas sp002386585
s__JAHDCC01 sp020630065
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945865425
s__UBA956 sp947462875
s__UBA8783 sp003516955
s__QGON01 sp003934985
s__UBA7359 sp002470825
s__JABWCP01 sp013360215
s__Specibacter alpinus_A
s__Acinetobacter sp011753255
s__JACZQZ01 sp022567015
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AB
s__Leptospira_A bouyouniensis
s__Microbacterium ginsengiterrae
s__Megamonas gallistercoris
s__Pseudolabrys sp009694265
s__Bacteroides sp905203765
s__UBA4372 sp017429525
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_I
s__Neoclostridium sp934247335
s__Aerococcus suis
s__Convivina sp933208495
s__Nocardioides kongjuensis
s__RKRQ01 sp028823955
s__Alicycliphilus sp018241405
s__Legionella_A adelaidensis
s__Bradyrhizobium nanningense
s__Collinsella sp900759335
s__UBA1234 sp900753135
s__Magnetospirillum sp001898825
s__Paracaedimonas sp001898705
s__RPQJ01 sp029865465
s__Sporomusa ovata
s__Aquisediminimonas sp903839675
s__Casp-Chloro-G4 sp002816705
s__Thiomonas sp021792835
s__UBA5232 sp012513575
s__Alloprevotella sp017547385
s__UBA7803 sp002480525
s__Coprenecus sp944322575
s__JAKAEG01 sp021819985
s__Rhizomicrobium sp001896865
s__SKZV01 sp007127165
s__Rhodobacter_F sp020250125
s__Helicobacter_H anatolicus
s__Aureibaculum sp011330545
s__Streptomyces kronopolitis
s__D2472 sp902599315
s__UBA3402 sp944380605
s__UBA2487 sp021801025
s__UBA5436 sp002427545
s__Megasphaera sp934193515
s__CSBr16-57R1 sp018401275
s__Duncaniella sp958352885
s__Moritella sp018219455
s__Muriiphilus fusiformis
s__UMGS1071 sp949741605
s__JAAFJM01 sp945873755
s__UBA1067 sp004551905
s__GWC2-33-13 sp000989565
s__Mycobacterium sp020217485
s__JACABE01 sp903936865
s__Sulfuricystis thermophila
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021805865
s__Mycobacterium kyorinense
s__Paenibacillus_A lutimineralis
s__JAKAHU01 sp021801545
s__Comamonas_C sp001724135
s__URXU01 sp900545025
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946403855
s__W0P33-017 sp945828315
s__Craterilacuibacter sinensis
s__Bacillus_Z methanolicus_A
s__SHWF01 sp009693935
s__Finegoldia magna_F
s__CAG-488 sp017415025
s__Streptococcus suis_AC
s__UMGS1601 sp900545345
s__CAIVAT01 sp903845055
s__Shewanella inventionis
s__Roseiflexus castenholzii
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902572075
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030041215
s__Fen-1342 sp903914415
s__Epilithonimonas bovis
s__Cupriavidus malaysiensis
s__Desulfovibrio sp947177645
s__Hellea sp029250925
s__Gallionella sp903876685
s__Crocinitomix sp905478225
s__CAJOJO01 sp014845975
s__CALVNY01 sp944350085
s__CALJGI01 sp938074045
s__CG2-30-40-12 sp002770755
s__UBA5518 sp024234165
s__HOT-345 sp013333605
s__Shinella sp016839145
s__Burkholderia sp902833045
s__Fen-1467 sp003153035
s__Prevotella sp017462915
s__Fen-1258 sp021814855
s__CR04bin15 sp004357015
s__Sandarakinorhabdus fuscus
s__UBA1067 sp900320855
s__JABDIW01 sp013003515
s__Mycobacterium houstonense
s__Nocardioides sp021117365
s__CAG-103 sp900316745
s__Daejeonella sp903821625
s__Persephonella marina
s__UBA1924 sp015487555
s__Fervidobacterium changbaicum
s__Moorena bouillonii
s__JAOUEA01 sp029858935
s__Marinacidobacterium sp022826195
s__CHPMRC01 sp030832185
s__Caccovivens sp944359935
s__Advenella_A faeciporci
s__Rhodobium orientis
s__Cytobacillus gottheilii
s__Telluria rubra
s__Nocardioides sp001426745
s__JADKFE01 sp016717595
s__CAIKZZ01 sp903927005
s__Vreelandella sp001507855
s__Mediterraneibacter glycyrrhizinilyticus_A
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BI
s__Thiothrix unzii
s__CSSed10-48 sp003567075
s__CAG-266 sp900554395
s__Acetatifactor sp023665475
s__Kaistella sp002453895
s__Quinella sp905236725
s__UBA1179 sp902779875
s__Clostridium_F niameyense
s__Vicinibacter sp016710265
s__Actinoplanes sp900119315
s__JADJBS01 sp016703665
s__Avispirillum faecium
s__UBA4738 sp002413305
s__Methylocystis sp903870245
s__UBA3839 sp002350855
s__Succiniclasticum sp003512125
s__Porticoccus sp905181945
s__JAHJKD01 sp018822435
s__Bacteroides massiliensis_B
s__SHLQ01 sp938002955
s__JAJZBW01 sp021798745
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024809425
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903839875
s__Phormidesmis_A priestleyi_A
s__Succinivibrio sp003477345
s__Youngiibacter sp002428605
s__Sediminibacterium sp947380905
s__CACXEY01 sp017527155
s__Mycobacterium sinense_A
s__Paucilactobacillus hokkaidonensis
s__Phaeocystidibacter marisrubri
s__Pinirhizobacter soli
s__Prosthecobacter sp947477755
s__Thiobacillus sp018820765
s__Streptomyces iakyrus
s__Kapaibacterium thiocyanatum
s__Gordonia sp000143885
s__UCB3 sp003576755
s__Alistipes sp017474235
s__VGIW01 sp020061515
s__Ellagibacter sp934663775
s__Avelusimicrobium sp900315795
s__Pseudoclavibacter sp002931555
s__UBA6244 sp002440885
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp002339325
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp002255985
s__Campylobacter_A anatolicus
s__UBA3537 sp002725015
s__Brevundimonas bullata
s__Flavobacterium sp001800905
s__Cryptobacteroides faecipullorum
s__Nanosynbacter sp900555425
s__Acholeplasma_C brassicae
s__Sulfuritalea sp021738065
s__Avilachnospira avistercoris
s__CAG-884 sp934179675
s__Rhizorhabdus dicambivorans
s__IMCC26256 sp945907055
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902777655
s__Negativicoccus massiliensis
s__JAPPLB01 sp028819575
s__CAJLIR01 sp022795155
s__Pusillimonas_D thiosulfatoxidans
s__01-FULL-45-34b sp001822675
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017560825
s__Bergeyella_A sp916710115
s__43-37 sp001897475
s__NK4A136 sp017508825
s__CAG-873 sp900755985
s__UBA1738 sp003453455
s__Nocardiopsis sp009830945
s__28-YEA-48 sp027484655
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900314395
s__Eubacterium_I sp021205085
s__UBA1422 sp012515135
s__Phocaeicola abscessus
s__JAKACF01 sp021821585
s__CAIPUE01 sp903885635
s__JADKAV01 sp020636995
s__Sediminibacterium sp903927185
s__UBA1142 sp002311875
s__JAMCXS01 sp021784615
s__Collinsella sp900556445
s__JACWAO01 sp014874305
s__Flavobacterium sp013294005
s__Curvibacter sp903902035
s__HGM13222 sp944386455
s__UBA12158 sp017992115
s__Acinetobacter rudis
s__Parvimonas sp000214475
s__CAIZES01 sp903932045
s__Streptomyces sp001905665
s__UBA1711 sp902784865
s__SKLX01 sp007121375
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_I
s__Legionella qingyii
s__DAHUZL01 sp027306655
s__MGBC122484 sp949741915
s__CAG-269 sp944392665
s__JAJZPA01 sp021811425
s__Modestobacter marinus
s__Collinsella sp905212545
s__UBA737 sp944376655
s__Psychrobacter alimentarius
s__Streptomyces tibetensis
s__Gallimonas sp944362555
s__Thiopseudomonas sp012518175
s__CAIYYN01 sp903930435
s__Collinsella sp002305035
s__JALOAG01 sp023957335
s__Pseudoxanthomonas kaohsiungensis
s__UBA11358 sp903820285
s__JACIYH01 sp014360055
s__CAIRNS01 sp903880015
s__Vicinibacter proximus
s__Bradyrhizobium vignae
s__JAKABB01 sp021802045
s__Roseiflexus sp000016665
s__UBA2982 sp009692205
s__MGBC108787 sp948479395
s__Enterousia sp015062495
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902538445
s__JAHIPI01 sp018894435
s__UBA4372 sp017935785
s__Methylotenera sp903860085
s__UBA8337 sp009920875
s__Anaerococcus degeneri
s__Streptococcus sp905221195
s__Subtercola boreus_A
s__RUG708 sp900321625
s__SAR86A sp902617045
s__Mesorhizobium erdmanii
s__Bacteroides faecichinchillae
s__NK4A144 sp017483425
s__ELB16-189 sp018266435
s__Roseovarius tolerans
s__UBA4292 sp002395865
s__Thiothrix lacustris
s__Massilibacteroides sp023429375
s__Synechococcus_C sp014279795
s__JANXDC01 sp025059945
s__Rectinema sp002435985
s__Caproicibacter fermentans
s__RGIG4790 sp947054085
s__Acinetobacter sp008017255
s__Devosia sp900470445
s__Streptomyces sp006540305
s__JAJOJK01 sp021208605
s__Bowdeniella sp023387755
s__JALCUE01 sp022655215
s__JAJYVM01 sp027314765
s__MnTg04 sp027292775
s__Oscillibacter sp002455655
s__UBA5026 sp910576795
s__JAMCZK01 sp019637755
s__Halolactibacillus alkaliphilus
s__Streptococcus mitis_AX
s__Sediminibacterium sp903851465
s__Streptomyces diastatochromogenes
s__Aequorivita sp002715485
s__JABWCE01 sp945907065
s__S36-B12 sp012103605
s__Rhabdochlamydia oedothoracis
s__Lepagella sp947176915
s__CAG-791 sp902781325
s__UBA8416 sp002428045
s__Mycobacterium sp001499855
s__Novosphingobium sp001298105
s__Nyctobacter psychrophilus
s__S016-19 sp015486235
s__JAMCPL01 sp023379675
s__Chlorobium sp903866255
s__UBA2834 sp002363515
s__Prosthecobacter sp026397635
s__UBA3282 sp002490705
s__JACKAZ01 sp020634795
s__JADZAA01 sp020852855
s__Sediminibacterium sp026391415
s__JABGPL01 sp018644935
s__Modicisalibacter coralii
s__Microbacterium lacus
s__Streptomyces chitinivorans
s__Lepagella sp014801875
s__HIMB30 sp000227525
s__UBA1740 sp944384545
s__Chordicoccus sp002369495
s__CAG-465 sp900772475
s__Chlorobium sp903851385
s__Collinsella sp938033205
s__Oscillibacter sp934574045
s__Mycobacterium chitae
s__Aminobacter sp000372965
s__Bacillus_A sp018966865
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002723455
s__UBA11096 sp025056375
s__MB11C04 sp002167605
s__Terrimesophilobacter mesophilus
s__Streptococcus chenjunshii
s__JAKBCQ01 sp021791715
s__UBA5239 sp002408885
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003166855
s__Mycobacterium baixiangningiae
s__Phocaeicola mediterraneensis_A
s__CAIMDX01 sp028706715
s__M3007 sp947476195
s__Bulleidia sp934757945
s__UBA6934 sp002346625
s__Thermopolyspora flexuosa
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014851685
s__Olsenella_F sp900316105
s__CAIOLM01 sp947449765
s__Roseibium sp947499295
s__Bradyrhizobium sacchari
s__WLWX01 sp012103375
s__Rhodanobacter sp004298045
s__Ulvibacter_A alkanivorans
s__Avimuribaculum sp905207705
s__Butyricicoccus_A stercorigallinarum
s__UBA1711 sp900316515
s__Caldicoprobacter oshimai
s__Nitrospira_D sp015904055
s__Rhizobium sp001424945
s__Sphingomonas sp026540855
s__RF16 sp017471175
s__Ghiorsea sp002323245
s__Spiroplasma sp001886495
s__Arthrobacter humicola
s__Mediterraneibacter gallistercoris
s__UBA3439 sp913045915
s__Tc-Br11-B2g6-7 sp007124945
s__JAHISY01 sp021735425
s__UBA6857 sp934511365
s__Arthrobacter_D sp003075455
s__Bog-793 sp003159795
s__Gemmiger sp905214345
s__Prevotella sp017477435
s__Bifidobacterium sp022647885
s__Treponema_D sp945873775
s__Cupriavidus neocaledonicus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900320415
s__HGM04593 sp017442185
s__Photobacterium toruni
s__Bilifractor sp002368795
s__TCS55 sp014382015
s__UBA6627 sp009391845
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003205205
s__DDPF01 sp945889365
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp938091165
s__UBA3855 sp947177205
s__W0P33-017 sp934320655
s__Stercorousia sp900769645
s__BMS3Abin08 sp002897935
s__JAJYCL01 sp021778415
s__JAGNKE01 sp020443295
s__UBA3943 sp002385625
s__Enterousia sp944393245
s__Kordiimonas lacus
s__UBA12202 sp002691725
s__HGM10857 sp951800155
s__Haematospirillum sp012102745
s__Aliarcobacter lacus
s__Meiothermus granaticius
s__Selenomonas_A caprae
s__Collinsella sp902469055
s__TMED48 sp002720735
s__Spiroplasma mirum
s__XYB2-FULL-38-15 sp001778095
s__Caulobacter sp903858185
s__VMDI01 sp008080915
s__DP-23 sp005879245
s__Roseovarius sp002720475
s__JAJACQ01 sp022601595
s__Porticoccus litoralis
s__UBA9042 sp002726535
s__JADFZP01 sp015232485
s__GCA-2697345 sp905181985
s__Legionella steigerwaltii
s__UBA1259 sp002308755
s__JADJAH01 sp016704345
s__CSBR16-104 sp007116245
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187615
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014842265
s__Streptomyces aurantiacus
s__JAAZNO01 sp012798275
s__Caulobacter sp903900155
s__Treponema_D sp016281495
s__GWC1-40-9 sp000997385
s__Pseudoalteromonas piscicida_A
s__UBA969 sp002303765
s__QUBU01 sp015709695
s__Faecousia sp945635805
s__UBA1240 sp017614995
s__Aquitalea magnusonii
s__Jiulongibacter sp024742395
s__Alkalilimnicola mobilis
s__Cyanobium_A sp024345395
s__Olsenella_F massiliensis
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944322775
s__Treponema_B denticola_A
s__Purcelliella pentastirinorum
s__GCA-2731375 sp018667855
s__UBA4782 sp002403095
s__UBA8363 sp015228975
s__UBA8468 sp002791075
s__AWTP1-30 sp016699125
s__Paramuribaculum sp023666835
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp903928115
s__Sphingobium sp001563265
s__Lactococcus sp009601055
s__Mycobacterium europaeum
s__UBA1142 sp002501085
s__Avibacteroides sp944321635
s__Streptococcus sp007859205
s__TMED109 sp015660425
s__JAUZPB01 sp030706145
s__JADDRA01 sp016781105
s__Streptococcus infantis_H
s__Syntrophothermus lipocalidus
s__WGA-3G sp022827225
s__Kaistella jeonii
s__Aquiluna sp945860535
s__Acetivibrio clariflavus
s__Flavonifractor sp944383115
s__Leptospira adleri
s__Enterococcus sp016745275
s__Paramuribaculum sp001701115
s__Pseudolabrys sp945861265
s__Moritella marina
s__DUPI01 sp028703405
s__Phyllobacterium sp023554255
s__QQVD01 sp003388555
s__BACL14 sp001044335
s__Limimorpha sp018064605
s__Nanogingivalis sp017992395
s__Enteromonas sp900321535
s__RGIG10190 sp017553575
s__Luminiphilus sp905182485
s__UBA1258 sp016281385
s__Bullifex sp944390025
s__Nitrosospira sp001899235
s__Faecalibacterium sp934547065
s__Lawsonibacter sp022794495
s__Pseudothioglobus sp001628405
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021802185
s__SZUA-117 sp018701055
s__Ruminococcus sp029060755
s__AG-337-I02 sp018657885
s__VBCG01 sp025935435
s__Prevotella sp900318585
s__UBA3824 sp017544805
s__Eubacterium_Q sp000687655
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249505
s__Ferranicluibacter sp003217095
s__UBA6669 sp014584295
s__Palsa-513 sp003133565
s__WLJO01 sp009701715
s__Porcincola sp002350685
s__QIAJ01 sp003162255
s__Pectobacterium zantedeschiae
s__Scatocola sp944390035
s__Marinobacter segnicrescens
s__GCA-2786225 sp002786225
s__GWC1-37-12b sp000993115
s__CG1-02-64-396 sp001872725
s__SLDG01 sp007125355
s__UBA5157 sp002415335
s__Saccharimonas sp905372095
s__D16-63 sp949840905
s__JABZFP01 sp014237395
s__Stutzerimonas sp003488145
s__JAFDEI01 sp019310425
s__Streptomyces sp000373645
s__DTU068 sp001513545
s__T1Sed10-49 sp007133145
s__Persicirhabdus sediminis
s__CAG-269 sp944388795
s__Indicimonas acetifermentans
s__Arthrobacter phenanthrenivorans
s__UBA1546 sp018896985
s__Laedolimicola sp022791635
s__F23-D06 sp017438945
s__Prevotella sp900318815
s__Lactobacillus nasalidis
s__WLWN01 sp012103575
s__Methylobacterium longum
s__Oxynema aestuarii
s__GWC2-37-8 sp000992165
s__Enterovibrio indicus
s__CAG-1031 sp900752535
s__Sediminibacterium sp903938445
s__02-FULL-45-11b sp001817615
s__Methylobacter_C sp945903675
s__JALVZP01 sp027037575
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249145
s__Enterobacter sp019718755
s__Oceanospirillum linum
s__Bartonella sp028618515
s__UBA2595 sp002339745
s__AAA536-G10 sp003282885
s__UBA5701 sp002420015
s__Actinoplanes lobatus
s__Firm-16 sp016281535
s__Parasynechococcus sp003210515
s__Nitratireductor aquibiodomus
s__JAQWFD01 sp028704555
s__Chryseobacterium lactis
s__JADJSS01 sp016711605
s__Rhodoferax_C sp001795455
s__Shewanella algidipiscicola
s__Caldalkalibacillus thermarum
s__UBA7067 sp958448165
s__UBA9337 sp000990945
s__UBA6382 sp017940565
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp945901565
s__Treponema_D buccale
s__Enorma burkinafasonensis
s__Mycoplasmopsis columbina
s__UBA6902 sp002451135
s__Psychrobacter sp900168255
s__REEB85 sp018971455
s__Cupriavidus sp000426345
s__Enterococcus moraviensis
s__GCA-2717185 sp028817685
s__Methylotenera sp002281815
s__Palsa-465 sp003165655
s__HR10 sp025055075
s__GCA-2753745 sp903908245
s__UBA966 sp002292895
s__Treponema_D sp947177175
s__UBA3839 sp017483765
s__RF16 sp945827635
s__VFJN01 sp945898515
s__Gp1-AA112 sp003225175
s__UBA11358 sp903833055
s__Niallia taxi_A
s__Treponema_D sp017534445
s__Prevotella sp900110085
s__UBA8309 sp002683535
s__Epilithonimonas hungarica
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp030742755
s__Enteromonas sp934700895
s__Bradyrhizobium elkanii_A
s__Cupriavidus taiwanensis_D
s__Fimivivens sp023457355
s__Amycolatopsis eburnea
s__Lichenihabitans psoromatis
s__Phenylobacterium sp028290925
s__JAGOMW01 sp947373235
s__Longimicrobium terrae
s__UMGS1264 sp900550095
s__RF16 sp945828585
s__JAGOQX01 sp903893445
s__Xanthobacter sp022138605
s__RUG11198 sp945867665
s__Allorhizobium sp900466005
s__UBA6987 sp002449955
s__Salinicola socius
s__NK3A76 sp017470535
s__Rhodoblastus alkanivorans
s__HK-STAS-PATE-34 sp023898605
s__Roseibacillus_B sp003483645
s__UMGS1251 sp900549995
s__BNUT01 sp025997875
s__Aequorivita viscosa
s__Nitrosomonas sp015709635
s__73-13 sp001898855
s__JAGOFO01 sp017997155
s__Fen-668 sp021803025
s__Aequorivita sp020435825
s__Onthovivens sp944349405
s__JADJEF01 sp016718525
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902557785
s__UBA2999 sp002346475
s__DUMJ01 sp937958695
s__Virgibacillus sp009917385
s__CAG-873 sp947177435
s__CAG-302 sp934101345
s__Levilactobacillus koreensis
s__Collinsella sp900761945
s__UBA7434 sp028223755
s__UBA9926 sp018647445
s__Marortus aliphaticivorans_A
s__Alkalimarinus sediminis
s__Collinsella sp900542275
s__Onthousia sp944331805
s__UBA3015 sp903905395
s__Chitinophaga solisilvae
s__CAIMUX01 sp903844735
s__CAG-590 sp902793335
s__UBA6985 sp900314465
s__Prevotella sp016285055
s__Variovorax sp017744285
s__JAZXM01 sp012959665
s__Pelagicoccus enzymogenes
s__Nonomuraea pusilla
s__Capnocytophaga sp915070235
s__UBA11524 sp900769075
s__Sphingomonas sp001424005
s__Pseudidiomarina woesei
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326335
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp003525525
s__Treponema_D sp017450845
s__UBA1711 sp002392965
s__Rhodococcus sp002258315
s__UBA4372 sp902770725
s__Corynebacterium sp947253065
s__Bin76 sp028819345
s__UBA4874 sp002399435
s__Actinosynnema syringae
s__Acidibrevibacterium sp021798915
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946187865
s__Spartinivicinus marinus
s__Mycobacterium grossiae
s__Acutalibacter sp900759575
s__Roseovarius litoreus
s__JAGQXC01 sp020636135
s__Fen-999 sp003157035
s__UBA2383 sp024235095
s__Pseudoduganella aquatica
s__Thalassospira xianhensis
s__UBA2918 sp902779085
s__UBA2943 sp017476845
s__Marinisoma sp000402755
s__Giesbergeria sp012932145
s__Flavobacterium sp002482945
s__Pseudomonas_E massiliensis
s__Curtobacterium sp003234265
s__Streptococcus zalophi
s__UBA6808 sp002452695
s__MHLP01 sp001819095
s__Arthrobacter oryzae_A
s__RGIG4310 sp017460805
s__CACLCV01 sp902559355
s__Paraprevotella sp905215575
s__Phocaeicola sp029257865
s__Scatousia sp902383995
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902792005
s__HyVt-613 sp947311105
s__Neisseria denitrificans
s__Leuconostoc rapi
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp020445205
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002840155
s__Basfia_A succinogenes
s__Collinsella sp900544225
s__Marinobacter maritimus
s__Dulcicalothrix sp002368415
s__CAG-475 sp947174215
s__Treponema_D sp902766125
s__Hydrogenivirga sp015490215
s__DTU010 sp012837385
s__Selenomonas sp905373085
s__2-01-FULL-39-33 sp002773855
s__Sphingomonas alpina
s__Pelagibacter sp902537055
s__Dysgonomonas sp002409595
s__Roseibium sp947494555
s__GWF2-50-93 sp001804805
s__Sedimentitalea nanhaiensis
s__Porcincola sp002394165
s__Neobacillus sp900177675
s__Polynucleobacter sp027486235
s__Barnesiella_A sp017531985
s__Tibeticola sediminis
s__SYDY01 sp005801425
s__Brevefilum sp003563055
s__UBA4372 sp002297545
s__Microbacterium sp024807145
s__Cryobacterium gelidum
s__Aerococcus sp026805545
s__Winogradskyella eximia
s__SOIY01 sp023128195
s__UBA1062 sp022703355
s__Corynebacterium freiburgense
s__AR12 sp003220475
s__Pelagibacter sp902622805
s__DTU089 sp015066465
s__DRLX01 sp015489765
s__Adlercreutzia_A sp949450265
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944325225
s__UBA1426 sp012521055
s__Vibrio profundi
s__CANLOV01 sp947492955
s__Sphingomonas sp003946805
s__OXYD1-FULL-39-9 sp003599255
s__Avilachnospira sp944380315
s__GCA-2730555 sp022561735
s__SbD1 sp021780695
s__MGBC162581 sp944332535
s__RGIG3701 sp017454585
s__UBA4334 sp947174565
s__JdFR-56 sp002011495
s__Silvanigrella sanaruensis
s__Nitrosospira briensis_A
s__GCA-003244245 sp003244055
s__Anaerofilum sp944385935
s__JABHWU01 sp018657625
s__Collinsella sp900556285
s__Rathayibacter sp009807095
s__BMS3BBIN02 sp013151445
s__Spirillospora chibensis
s__Nanosynbacter sp010202645
s__Enterococcus_H canis
s__Legionella_C erythra
s__Microcella alkaliphila_B
s__Igneacidithiobacillus sp021375695
s__Peptoclostridium litorale
s__Telluria arenae
s__UBA636 sp002362065
s__JAFMDF01 sp937973945
s__Sphingopyxis sp022701295
s__Vibrio superstes
s__Clostridium_AU sp900095445
s__UBA12014 sp009936695
s__RAAP-2 sp021807965
s__Burkholderia pyrrocinia_E
s__Keratinibaculum paraultunense
s__Prevotella sp022773395
s__Bullifex sp944390865
s__Acetobacter estunensis
s__Rhodoferax sp903897005
s__Westeberhardia cardiocondylae_A
s__Ferdinandcohnia timonensis
s__Flavobacterium cheniae
s__AG-422-B15 sp003213715
s__Bulleidia sp017539385
s__Rothia sp004136585
s__TMED25 sp902633855
s__UBA2862 sp017512905
s__Mariniblastus fucicola
s__BMS3ABIN15 sp002923195
s__Enterousia sp944389595
s__4572-128 sp002084355
s__SHLJ01 sp013001965
s__Draconibacterium sp015493625
s__WFXV01 sp015519965
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp021737545
s__Acidihalobacter_A sp027013225
s__Alistipes sp944321175
s__GCA-002713455 sp002701875
s__CALWDW01 sp944376795
s__UBA6987 sp016290595
s__JAADGZ01 sp011052165
s__SYFN01 sp005800405
s__UMGS1449 sp944350405
s__JAAZMU01 sp028703995
s__AG-337-I02 sp902621165
s__Egerieousia sp022647615
s__GCA-2712985 sp002712985
s__WLMZ01 sp947505655
s__Corynebacterium qintianiae
s__Rhodoplanes elegans
s__Streptomyces poonensis
s__T78 sp002407905
s__SOKD01 sp004376305
s__UBA8752 sp938082505
s__Rhodanobacter sp021780735
s__Cloacibacterium sp002422665
s__Rhodococcus sp015865005
s__UBA2136 sp002689455
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_E
s__JAMCYU01 sp023473585
s__Palsa-870 sp955652835
s__JAEUPI01 sp015075165
s__Algoriphagus sp945868725
s__WO2-39-10b sp001792215
s__Bilophila sp900553145
s__Sinorhizobium sojae
s__B1SED10-74M sp003552365
s__Treponema_D ruminis
s__Villigracilis sp903914955
s__UKL13-2 sp001602455
s__Phytobacter massiliensis
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp006227095
s__Halioglobus_A pacificus
s__JACPFL01 sp016183025
s__LD21 sp012517605
s__Paenibacillus_G tyrfis
s__JACZST01 sp022566415
s__Hel1-33-131 sp001735745
s__Syntrophosphaera sp012522635
s__Firm-16 sp017617525
s__Pontibacillus_A halophilus
s__Pelagibacter sp902540785
s__Calidifontimicrobium sp025458585
s__Streptomyces gilvifuscus
s__UBA1248 sp902778145
s__CAG-873 sp947174915
s__UBA1067 sp017463935
s__JALRKF01 sp023254905
s__Telluria sp020708045
s__Microcoleus sp012035135
s__2-02-FULL-43-11-A sp001789515
s__JAJYUU01 sp030037785
s__Siphonobacter sp002872335
s__51-20 sp944390375
s__Meridianimarinicoccus aquatilis
s__Planktosalinus lacus
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005889075
s__CAG-269 sp944388715
s__UBA1213 sp900319255
s__UBA1067 sp900767325
s__GCA-2707915 sp913042105
s__RGIG5952 sp017509565
s__RHKK01 sp008363075
s__Hylemonella sp013334205
s__ZC4RG17 sp017577575
s__Enteroscipio sp000270285
s__Marinomonas profundi
s__MFBS3-17 sp020687745
s__UBA12545 sp003509545
s__Limnohabitans sp947448375
s__Vibrio sp002342735
s__Streptomyces spinosisporus
s__G519 sp011176615
s__UBA2882 sp003446735
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902520485
s__Blastomonas sp000503195
s__JACKJP01 sp020637895
s__JAHDDY01 sp937948985
s__Methylomonas albis
s__Akkermansia sp020860705
s__Succinivibrio sp019420905
s__CAADGM01 sp900696535
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp019744875
s__JALVPS01 sp027031685
s__CAAGGB01 sp900769285
s__Streptomyces spiroverticillatus
s__CAG-791 sp030525515
s__Glycomyces harbinensis
s__M0108 sp019136395
s__Onthovivens sp944350425
s__Hippea sp015486705
s__JAAXQD01 sp019314155
s__Reyranella sp947469635
s__Sulfurimonas sp015487265
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp023666805
s__COE1 sp947177165
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_I
s__MWAR01 sp002068715
s__UBA6244 sp001769215
s__Bacillus_BM vietnamensis_A
s__Anaerovibrio sp900768695
s__CAKSFT01 sp934454145
s__Pelagibacter sp902577075
s__Parolsenella sp934660935
s__UBA1547 sp903889015
s__Hymenobacter mucosus
s__Acinetobacter stercoris
s__Pelagibacter sp003213695
s__2-12-FULL-55-11 sp943354555
s__CAG-313 sp949879765
s__M3007 sp019187225
s__Kushneria marisflavi
s__Aristaeella sp946187775
s__CAG-245 sp944388645
s__Aquimarina sp947492965
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001469895
s__CAG-269 sp948663505
s__Halobacillus_A ihumii
s__Cellvibrio sp002483365
s__JAHBVY01 sp020633205
s__2-01-FULL-42-15 sp001784055
s__JAHEFU01 sp022646745
s__Leminorella richardii
s__Streptomyces cinerochromogenes
s__RGVT01 sp945861585
s__Acetatifactor sp947174665
s__Halioglobus sp016704305
s__JAPUGB01 sp027293165
s__Cloacibacterium caeni_B
s__Azomonas sp002417905
s__Bacillus_BF litorisediminis
s__Succinivibrio sp905186145
s__W0P33-017 sp004562765
s__Alistipes_A sp900549685
s__UBA969 sp009920765
s__Deferrivibrio essentukiensis
s__CAKZUP01 sp938035945
s__Acetobacter musti
s__RGEC01 sp947487055
s__Pelagibacter sp902560185
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp009919275
s__Corynebacterium timonense
s__Mycobacterium madagascariense
s__J013 sp003697125
s__Methylotenera_A oryzisoli_B
s__JABEUX01 sp021794205
s__Telluria frigida
s__Vreelandella sp000219565
s__Collinsella sp905215865
s__Cupidesulfovibrio termitidis
s__C7867-002 sp028864955
s__Succinivibrio sp900770725
s__Bact-19 sp902791865
s__Lachnotalea soehngenii
s__RF16 sp017464025
s__Salaquimonas sp020637805
s__Boseongicola sp013042105
s__JACKDE01 sp020633675
s__JACQYG01 sp020723545
s__Collinsella sp905215945
s__Merdicola sp930990555
s__Actinobacillus_C delphinicola
s__Sphingobacterium sp020687765
s__Ga0077523 sp016713305
s__J029 sp014382465
s__RGIG1902 sp934636325
s__Collinsella sp900541025
s__Intestinimonas sp900540545
s__Collinsella sp900545145
s__JAICIM01 sp025928885
s__Fusicatenibacter sp017887445
s__Pristimantibacillus algorifonticola
s__Bifidobacterium avesanii
s__MADRE1 sp004796465
s__Streptomyces nanshensis_A
s__RGIG8773 sp947176675
s__JAEUJM01 sp020637195
s__Bradyrhizobium manausense_C
s__RGIG9985 sp017518785
s__UBA1740 sp944384525
s__JAAZAW01 sp012514125
s__JABMQB01 sp016930735
s__UBA953 sp002737185
s__Entomospira entomophilus
s__Bog-257 sp003151335
s__Caccovivens sp944384495
s__Rhizobium rhizogenes_D
s__UBA2645 sp903870105
s__W3P20-009 sp017539645
s__Bact-11 sp001602845
s__Billgrantia antri
s__Rhodoluna sp903909605
s__Actinomarina sp028376655
s__2-12-FULL-60-25 sp001791275
s__QWPN01 sp003671185
s__UBA7672 sp002280725
s__Rhodoferax_C sp943327015
s__GCA-002050365 sp002050455
s__Otoolea sp944384125
s__Ulvibacterium marinum
s__YD0425bin50 sp002753105
s__UBA2093 sp030729045
s__Scatenecus sp944322785
s__Streptomyces torulosus
s__SYIB01 sp903927725
s__Nocardioides ginsengisegetis
s__Malacoplasma sp947648205
s__Lysobacter_B sp018242425
s__Fen-1258 sp021786655
s__Acidaminobacter sp009881125
s__Alloprevotella sp017461605
s__CALGNO01 sp937958345
s__Actinophytocola algeriensis
s__JAGLNE01 sp023137275
s__Syntrophosphaera sp020532215
s__Suilimivivens sp030526045
s__MS024-2A sp029248185
s__Streptomyces sp001426405
s__CALWZV01 sp944386115
s__Onthomorpha sp016296345
s__Bulleidia sp900314905
s__Superficieibacter sp001187865
s__Thermodesulfobacterium geofontis_A
s__Chromohalobacter sp029889885
s__Bacillus_D sp000821085
s__CAIUSP01 sp903901855
s__Rs1 sp013215505
s__Rhodoluna sp903922825
s__Epibacterium sp000014065
s__RUG658 sp900321055
s__QWPN01 sp003669255
s__Pelagibacterium lentulum
s__UBA2197 sp002424625
s__2-02-FULL-53-10 sp001791035
s__Paraburkholderia sartisoli
s__Flectobacillus sp030056705
s__JAHIEN01 sp018901615
s__UBA9214 sp905479705
s__GWB1-38-13 sp000993025
s__SLLF01 sp007134175
s__UBA1383 sp002304945
s__Faecalibacterium sp934511465
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016518545
s__JANFXS01 sp022791155
s__JAGUXE01 sp019638025
s__Kocuria sp025149945
s__UBA1930 sp947456805
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278705
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001422615
s__Pelagibacter sp902518165
s__AG-422-B15 sp003282485
s__DYOW01 sp020720325
s__Leptotrichia buccalis
s__UBA1711 sp902803395
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp905182765
s__CANLPZ01 sp947493145
s__Klenkia sp001424455
s__Marinobacter sp019931195
s__Bog-1340 sp903831595
s__Bacteroides merdigallinarum
s__Poseidonibacter parvus
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017479645
s__Brumimicrobium sp023957385
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902539235
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_J
s__TMED211 sp002169685
s__Mesomycoplasma_A molare
s__UBA7446 sp002698745
s__UBA1217 sp017446745
s__GCA-2862585 sp002862585
s__CAG-465 sp944386605
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900109995
s__Acidothermus cellulolyticus
s__JAFGXQ01 sp016936575
s__CAJCBL01 sp023457035
s__Sphingobacterium sp009557615
s__Microbacterium sp001424225
s__GCA-2702655 sp019636345
s__JABUFB01 sp018056145
s__JAIHAL01 sp020054675
s__Aristotella avistercoris
s__UBA11872 sp028875175
s__JARSSO01 sp008933795
s__CANHVK01 sp947463445
s__UBA1711 sp905234665
s__Paucilactobacillus suebicus
s__CAG-882 sp958446835
s__Promineifilum glycogenicum
s__Maribacter litoralis
s__CG2-30-46-19 sp001872925
s__Ventricola sp934643825
s__Agathobacter sp022775045
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_A
s__WFTC01 sp015485665
s__Paenibacillus_Z sacheonensis
s__Leifsonia sp017565305
s__UBA10677 sp944363615
s__Sodalinema willei_A
s__Bin107 sp022825065
s__UBA710 sp017511585
s__Ensifer adhaerens_G
s__JADKYY01 sp015354315
s__67-14 sp020636955
s__Mycetocola_B reblochoni
s__JAJDFX01 sp021778635
s__JAKALU01 sp021824065
s__Polaribacter sp011379025
s__Coproplasma sp947174415
s__JAHEKE01 sp024639325
s__JAUZOB01 sp030706665
s__Polaribacter haliotis
s__UMGS2069 sp949840475
s__SAT2750 sp002708345
s__Sulfuricurvum sp014764105
s__Dissulfurirhabdus thermomarina
s__Mesorhizobium amorphae_A
s__CAG-632 sp029068665
s__Bin55 sp002238665
s__Microcoleus sp025937335
s__Fen-1137 sp003142855
s__Agromyces sp018613935
s__Ornithomonoglobus_A sp934454215
s__Arthrobacter ipis
s__Streptomyces sp900290235
s__Mesorhizobium sp020164955
s__Bianquea sp019423265
s__Parasynechococcus sp000012625
s__Collinsella sp019419665
s__RUG762 sp017395425
s__Nevskia sp903822975
s__UBA3207 sp022777645
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp005772895
s__Scandinavium tedordense
s__SpSt-205 sp025057135
s__Winogradskyella sediminis
s__JAUYQR01 sp030697175
s__Bombella favorum
s__JAGOGO01 sp017996625
s__Bulleidia sp017404505
s__Sulfuriflexus sp023134145
s__Nonomuraea muscovyensis
s__Hydrogenovibrio crunogenus
s__Multivorans sp022822365
s__Microbacterium thalassium
s__Streptomyces sp003248355
s__Cryobacterium mannosilyticum
s__UBA2334 sp002344885
s__DTIX01 sp021817345
s__Cycloclasticus sp002162705
s__Prevotella sp945831805
s__SW132 sp003390325
s__Palsa-187 sp947446025
s__JACPOT01 sp028876375
s__GCA-002772895 sp018895765
s__JAAYXG01 sp017577615
s__Neoactinobaculum massilliense
s__JAJZGD01 sp021804985
s__Glycomyces sp021793335
s__JAEUMD01 sp020638035
s__JAFGBU01 sp016932995
s__JADJJE01 sp020633055
s__UBA7359 sp905182825
s__DOUV01 sp003520455
s__Methylobacterium sp022829635
s__JAQTTC01 sp028695015
s__TMED96 sp902582405
s__UBA1067 sp934635385
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389295
s__Phaeospirillum sp900184795
s__TMED220 sp002702875
s__UBA931 sp002293615
s__UBA2040 sp002384725
s__Anoxybacillus flavithermus_E
s__Vibrio pristinus
s__SLSQ01 sp007130355
s__HyVt-613 sp011371135
s__BJGN01 sp027488135
s__Sulfurospirillum sp002162315
s__Bartonella sp028618435
s__AER2-1 sp016000045
s__Corynebacterium sp030252185
s__SIG32 sp944322955
s__UBA737 sp934445015
s__SIG526 sp017440425
s__CAG-269 sp948528155
s__Scatomorpha merdipullorum
s__Flavobacterium sp029866065
s__Listeria cayugensis
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324695
s__C-19 sp947569705
s__JAJZOG01 sp021811585
s__Faecousia sp934569225
s__Scalindua sp022570935
s__Pseudomonas_E sp015637705
s__Fimivivens hominis
s__UBA1427 sp012838545
s__UBA11699 sp003482855
s__Rhodoferax sp002381045
s__UBA1221 sp944325045
s__JACCTY01 sp013695685
s__Edaphobacter lichenicola_A
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030691015
s__Protoclostridium sp944372345
s__Saccharofermentans sp016292145
s__Muricomes contortus_C
s__Parasedimentitalea sp002162795
s__Pseudothauera sp030603925
s__Muriicola sp013042315
s__DAHUZQ01 sp027306495
s__Blautia_A sp938028845
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903897925
s__UBA6729 sp002454015
s__Prochlorococcus_D sp000760175
s__Chitinophaga costaii
s__UBA9312 sp003527965
s__JAAYRO01 sp012518735
s__Entomospira nematocera
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp003541985
s__CSP1-5 sp019456075
s__Streptococcus oralis_BY
s__Pelomonas sp001425165
s__SIG554 sp017613735
s__Pelethomonas sp947177115
s__Acinetobacter populi
s__Persicobacter sp001274635
s__Bacillus_BS mesophilus
s__Arthrobacter phenanthrenivorans_B
s__Stenotrophomonas bentonitica
s__Fen-1039 sp003171065
s__JACCZX01 sp013695705
s__Tatumella citrea
s__REEB95 sp018971215
s__Marinifilum sp009295825
s__LMDS01 sp028868895
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes
s__CAIVKH01 sp903906425
s__CABZJG01 sp902525995
s__Staphylococcus croceilyticus
s__Advenella kashmirensis
s__D37C17 sp913049525
s__Capillimicrobium sp024710825
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BA
s__Beduini massiliensis
s__UBA1259 sp900771345
s__WRJI01 sp009783315
s__Intestinibacter sp022780145
s__Mobilitalea sp023393095
s__Rariglobus sp903904685
s__Lepagella sp947176605
s__CAG-302 sp934096555
s__Zag111 sp958366705
s__Marinomonas alcarazii
s__Zobellia laminariae
s__Lepagella sp947174735
s__JAEZWR01 sp023420115
s__JAGLHV01 sp030595925
s__Siphonobacter sp002838835
s__Xanthomonas arboricola_A
s__Thermanaerovibrio acidaminovorans
s__Caldicellulosiruptor naganoensis
s__Enterococcus silesiacus
s__Ga0077527 sp030684405
s__Ventrousia sp905215125
s__UBA1723 sp015061115
s__TMED48 sp902562425
s__CAAFZY01 sp944391375
s__Brachyspira sp944390595
s__SCTD01 sp030447385
s__Sodaliphilus sp900318345
s__JAKBCQ01 sp021807585
s__UBA8958 sp023231165
s__CAIMOR01 sp947371015
s__CANJIV01 sp947474595
s__Phenylobacterium sp903933475
s__H3-PLA7 sp015075515
s__Bacteroides sp900766005
s__Actinoplanes palleronii
s__HGM04593 sp904501775
s__Parasynechococcus sp002700765
s__Petrimonas sp022840285
s__UBA8108 sp913042995
s__RUG11257 sp017960085
s__CAJLXD01 sp900551585
s__Saccharofermentans sp002450155
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp024582695
s__Tichowtungia sp030153935
s__CAG-791 sp002392385
s__UBA8592 sp002712325
s__Ga0077546 sp001464165
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017430325
s__JASJCP01 sp030065935
s__Nesterenkonia sp017347085
s__RUG14156 sp944325315
s__Mobiluncus sp902488535
s__Prevotella sp946546825
s__Neomicrococcus lactis
s__FEB-10 sp022709965
s__Streptococcus panodentis
s__Streptomyces chilikensis
s__Rhodopila sp903877125
s__CAG-269 sp017430135
s__Thalassobius autumnalis
s__Ruminococcus sp029060305
s__JALEJU01 sp022769485
s__Villigracilis sp024434165
s__Streptomyces rubrogriseus
s__UBA2813 sp902801985
s__Nakamurella flavida
s__2-02-FULL-50-9b sp001782975
s__JAJZZC01 sp021797775
s__Laribacter sp018055005
s__Microsaccharimonas sp028289065
s__Methylomirabilis sp016207095
s__CAIPSZ01 sp903867845
s__MGBC164599 sp910587105
s__Arthrobacter sp024168825
s__Acetatifactor sp023662875
s__GCA-2730555 sp022574675
s__UBA817 sp002296285
s__Pelagibacter sp003279765
s__UBA5893 sp944377435
s__CAG-269 sp934162535
s__Butyrivibrio sp000424385
s__CAZU01 sp944391465
s__Mxb001 sp023263845
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp002776575
s__Devosia subaequoris
s__Prevotella sp945787895
s__SIG589 sp017513245
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A edwardii
s__Halopseudomonas saudimassiliensis
s__JAAFHB01 sp903907075
s__UBA8475 sp018826025
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281165
s__CAJUPY01 sp029061925
s__Vescimonas sp934635515
s__Flavobacterium suncheonense
s__Ornithomonoglobus_A sp959602045
s__Mycobacterium stomatepiae
s__PUPG01 sp003567205
s__JABIRX01 sp018667735
s__Treponema_D sp902802305
s__JAFEAZ01 sp018266085
s__Kaistella faecale
s__CANNCV01 sp947503245
s__Vibrio marisflavi
s__Lacticaseibacillus sharpeae
s__Flavobacterium stagni
s__UBA917 sp002293855
s__Spiribacter vilamensis
s__UBA1847 sp004282875
s__HIMB59 sp902556735
s__Villigracilis sp014860745
s__Giesbergeria sp023954035
s__MA-ANB-1 sp003388545
s__Streptomyces sp013387495
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030053115
s__BIGb0383 sp003751845
s__W3P20-009 sp934699135
s__Ventrenecus sp944350145
s__Microbacterium testaceum_C
s__Phaeodactylibacter sp022763345
s__Asticcacaulis benevestitus
s__UBA10103 sp001781445
s__CAG-267 sp944391435
s__Bartonella_A sp946478665
s__Nocardioides bruguierae
s__Schaedlerella sp949915905
s__MED-G14 sp902544085
s__Peribacillus sp022603275
s__Treponema_D sp024687165
s__Metabacillus sp031180805
s__Lepagella sp947178165
s__VMDJ01 sp008080925
s__Microbacterium flavum
s__UBA1711 sp017545365
s__MGBC108787 sp910587325
s__CAMWMY01 sp947175465
s__Aequorivita soesokkakensis
s__Streptomyces cinnamoneus
s__Avilachnospira sp017446045
s__Bact-19 sp028702535
s__Eubacterium_R sp029054965
s__Bradyrhizobium sp001464035
s__GCA-2862085 sp905480285
s__F23-D06 sp017527945
s__JACCVE01 sp013698285
s__CANFLJ01 sp903907815
s__JAAYBF01 sp030447725
s__RUG563 sp902764565
s__Nanosyncoccus sp002363125
s__JAHJAY01 sp018813815
s__2-01-FULL-49-22 sp001788565
s__Rhizobium sp900466985
s__HGM16780 sp900762585
s__Ruegeria sp900313035
s__Nocardia uniformis
s__VMCP01 sp943789135
s__Companilactobacillus mindensis
s__PCC9605 sp000517105
s__Nocardia vulneris
s__Enterousia sp018064365
s__DTKV01 sp021811565
s__Corynebacterium fournieri
s__Streptomyces filipinensis
s__Enterosoma sp002399505
s__CAJJAM01 sp015660645
s__Spyradenecus sp004555175
s__RGIG7179 sp022770665
s__Microbacterium caowuchunii
s__Prevotella sp017458005
s__Limivicinus sp900319835
s__JADFNQ01 sp022561095
s__Prevotella sp946406555
s__Alteribacter keqinensis
s__Yoonia sp024686085
s__Vibrio chagasii_A
s__JAAYHX01 sp012735215
s__Sporosarcina koreensis_B
s__SHVO01 sp945906455
s__Streptomyces flavofungini
s__Methylophilus sp030696695
s__Mycobacterium heraklionense
s__DRER01 sp011051015
s__Chlorobium phaeoclathratiforme
s__Actinoplanes digitatis
s__UBA2882 sp945919795
s__JAHELU01 sp020628065
s__CALUTH01 sp944326425
s__Pseudomonas_E arsenicoxydans
s__Enterousia sp944392775
s__Palsa-744 sp025964355
s__Brotaphodocola sp003669055
s__Nocardia arizonensis
s__UBA7584 sp944384415
s__Scatocola sp017467515
s__Sphingomonas sp018139225
s__Thermochlorobacter sp025056565
s__JALGUJ01 sp029820945
s__GCA-002694895 sp002711005
s__ISDg sp002311665
s__Chryseobacterium hispalense
s__Dokdonella_A fugitiva
s__Polynucleobacter sp009927445
s__Paraburkholderia gardini
s__Pseudomonas_E japonica
s__UMGS1994 sp947569365
s__SZUA-217 sp027296205
s__Minwuia thermotolerans
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902619495
s__S012-135 sp015488275
s__MKRK01 sp001896915
s__JAJYVT01 sp021828005
s__Sediminibacterium sp019264485
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_P
s__UBA9145 sp003514305
s__QNZC01 sp003978565
s__UBA1568 sp001784735
s__Roseinatronobacter sp023336755
s__Faecousia sp900762245
s__SIG32 sp944325905
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp938050045
s__UBA2632 sp028708095
s__JACKAP01 sp020635015
s__JAMCVZ01 sp021847795
s__Lewinella sp003045895
s__AG-422-B15 sp902614655
s__Collinsella sp900555815
s__JAENVV01 sp029881355
s__RUG11237 sp947174015
s__Paracoccus acridae
s__RUG842 sp017515965
s__UBA3263 sp947175545
s__CAIKVZ01 sp903830985
s__JAAYNZ01 sp012524135
s__UCB2 sp015075555
s__Prevotella sp927910885
s__Allocoleopsis sp014695895
s__AG-337-I02 sp902518705
s__Hominibacterium sp910583765
s__JAJZPE01 sp021787335
s__Stenotrophomonas daejeonensis
s__Paenibacillus_A physcomitrellae
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp002325785
s__HGM12713 sp017504545
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902542165
s__Williamsia faeni
s__Limnohabitans sp009927495
s__Xenophilus sp003671765
s__Deinococcus proteolyticus
s__UBA9959 sp001800275
s__Luteimonas_D arsenica
s__JAUTXP01 sp030837965
s__HCHbin5 sp903913345
s__Nesterenkonia cremea
s__Sulfobacillus_A acidophilus
s__Polaribacter sp913020555
s__Collinsella sp900550195
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944392985
s__UBA6857 sp029013165
s__CALKHV01 sp937988865
s__JAKPCP01 sp029553225
s__Otariodibacter sp029256985
s__UMGS1484 sp902796075
s__Arthrobacter_B sp024385505
s__JAOTYK01 sp029861955
s__Avidehalobacter sp947647555
s__Rubeoparvulum massiliense
s__Azohydromonas sp023410975
s__RUG12395 sp017382555
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_Z
s__JAHILC01 sp018897225
s__Fen-1039 sp003142755
s__Phytobacter sp002377245
s__Streptomyces sp014905555
s__Helicobacter_F sp944326445
s__Bacillus_BD tuaregi
s__SKNL01 sp007128855
s__RGIG3636 sp017458625
s__Synechococcus_C sp004209775
s__Ventrenecus sp017476885
s__RUG440 sp017533825
s__RUG14156 sp944325655
s__Thiomonas sp021845505
s__RF16 sp946403315
s__Cellulophaga baltica_A
s__CAG-791 sp900316855
s__JAJYNT01 sp021786215
s__JAKBAP01 sp027459775
s__Paracoccus litorisediminis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp005508865
s__JAAFIP01 sp012036375
s__E29-bin15 sp023129355
s__JAJXXS01 sp021780975
s__WJJU01 sp014729595
s__MWH-TA3 sp947452355
s__SYAC01 sp947480055
s__Borkfalkia sp944346885
s__RF16 sp946615455
s__CAIRTN01 sp903881515
s__Brevinema sp030154445
s__RAAP-2 sp003142095
s__VXMF01 sp009841225
s__Leptospira_A vanthielii
s__Clostridium sp002760435
s__UBA12465 sp000999715
s__Caccovivens sp944377825
s__RGIG6919 sp934293375
s__Photobacterium profundum
s__UBA10449 sp005880855
s__Streptomyces fulvorobeus
s__Acidocella sp020567705
s__CAINMV01 sp903910445
s__Occallatibacter sp030044455
s__Barnesiella_A sp017522135
s__Merdimorpha sp017620815
s__SXXZ01 sp027483345
s__UBA11740 sp003168335
s__CP2-2F sp021404685
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AA
s__VSOB01 sp934432885
s__JAJDFX01 sp021833345
s__Thiodubiliella sp008364125
s__Onthovivens sp944368975
s__Methylophilus sp002281475
s__RUG11783 sp017548485
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900319405
s__Saccharimonas sp013333795
s__Dysosmobacter sp900546705
s__Fundidesulfovibrio sp016208105
s__UBA9865 sp003444375
s__Sulfuricella sp021792335
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902537845
s__Luteolibacter sp903888515
s__Bacteroides sp017630035
s__JAAETH01 sp024228575
s__Shimia aestuarii_A
s__JACPWY01 sp016196825
s__M0029 sp938016625
s__Gemella sp938038035
s__CAKSKB01 sp902492655
s__BJGN01 sp017858735
s__Modestobacter caceresii
s__HTCC2207 sp003491845
s__Raphidiopsis curvispora_A
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021793405
s__Leptospira_A harrisiae
s__Solincola sediminis
s__Cedecea neteri_A
s__Flagellimonas sp001683915
s__UBA3839 sp900319385
s__Thiobacillus sp019459055
s__CALMZN01 sp030917205
s__Ancylomarina sp016342745
s__JAHJQK01 sp030654105
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp945869715
s__JAKCCV01 sp021828245
s__Pseudomonas_E sp028656955
s__Treponema_D parvum_A
s__Prevotella sp017458125
s__Limivicinus sp945873205
s__Planococcus halocryophilus
s__JAADEQ01 sp015490055
s__Hassallia hofmanni
s__Villigracilis sp026390015
s__HGM13006 sp902778525
s__Caccovivens sp944381105
s__DRKV01 sp011051635
s__UBA6024 sp003537645
s__Mesorhizobium_D soli
s__UBA5385 sp002409995
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_D
s__Coprococcus sp002437435
s__JAAZGD01 sp012511395
s__Denitratisoma oestradiolicum
s__JAJZCL01 sp021785975
s__Clostridium_AU sp002385545
s__Macrococcus sp002438305
s__UBA11164 sp002420085
s__Novosphingobium sp024236175
s__Mesomycoplasma ovipneumoniae_D
s__S015-18 sp026992705
s__Polaribacter sp003335085
s__Collinsella sp019419555
s__Azospirillum doebereinerae
s__Streptomyces roseoverticillatus
s__Sulfitobacter brevis
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp945921635
s__Prevotella sp902784565
s__Henriciella sp029238175
s__Paraburkholderia sprentiae
s__Streptomyces sp010384365
s__Adlercreutzia_A murintestinalis
s__Agathobacter sp944381555
s__Eubacterium_I sp022781925
s__Oceanobacter sp913061185
s__Fibrobacter sp002382975
s__PHOS-HE28 sp017987895
s__JALEVB01 sp944326795
s__Bacillus_CE sp002797375
s__Enterococcus_B sp011038845
s__Lepagella sp948788915
s__UBA5122 sp002415485
s__CAITKP01 sp018824305
s__Methylomonas fluvii
s__JAGAJR01 sp017626035
s__CAIOSU01 sp027486795
s__Coprococcus sp934270935
s__Phytoactinopolyspora halophila
s__CAIQWC01 sp903825305
s__SKYG01 sp007128045
s__UBA1179 sp024398695
s__Catellatospora methionotrophica
s__Tabrizicola sp029289325
s__UBA3073 sp002366725
s__Phytoplasma cynodontis
s__COE1 sp947175845
s__Niastella yeongjuensis
s__WHST01 sp017354575
s__Collinsella sp900554135
s__Acidiphilium iwatense
s__JABJMC01 sp018659585
s__Endozoicomonas montiporae
s__Tidjanibacter sp017390585
s__Dyella jiangningensis_B
s__JAEUMD01 sp020638055
s__Aquimarina sp900299535
s__JAAZLZ01 sp012521755
s__Vescimonas sp934573935
s__CF-13 sp005880395
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947452635
s__UBA3839 sp016284045
s__Vagococcus carniphilus
s__SMWR01 sp004356735
s__Enterobacter_B lignolyticus
s__GWF2-50-93 sp001804815
s__JADMJV01 sp017307785
s__WFZT01 sp015489415
s__Sporosarcina ureae_A
s__JAAZZIT01 sp017451665
s__OLB7 sp016788565
s__Thiodubiliella sp001547755
s__Villigracilis sp003599285
s__Alistipes sp947178455
s__UBA1046 sp012511325
s__Lepagella sp029058745
s__CAJFPI01 sp947572235
s__RGIG9201 sp017634675
s__Enterousia sp944390225
s__UBA1786 sp018065565
s__Paracoccus aminovorans
s__SM1-46 sp002451215
s__UBA4615 sp903831925
s__Devosia oryziradicis
s__Roseovarius sp913054395
s__Lachnoclostridium sp900078195
s__Tomitella biformata
s__Lepagella sp947177575
s__Alkalibacterium putridalgicola
s__JAGMCH01 sp023129255
s__Luminiphilus sp002469785
s__Thiomonas sp027311065
s__HXMU1420-13 sp022360375
s__UBA3753 sp002372375
s__Tepidibacillus_A decaturensis
s__RGIG9107 sp017431145
s__F1-140-MAGs142 sp005790605
s__Bacteroides sp945607605
s__JAJDZL01 sp022823625
s__JAKAQB01 sp021796905
s__Pseudomonas_E sp011752565
s__SURF-52 sp028688935
s__Kaistella sp018902795
s__UBA1259 sp015055805
s__CAG-873 sp902491515
s__XYB2-FULL-50-12 sp001800355
s__Palsa-948 sp003164895
s__UBA2231 sp009773155
s__Tenacibaculum lutimaris
s__Nocardia transvalensis
s__JAGNPU01 sp017991555
s__Paracidovorax sp028069655
s__AAA044-D11 sp002367715
s__Azospirillum cavernae
s__Salegentibacter salinarum
s__Seonamhaeicola maritimus
s__Tatlockia donaldsonii
s__UBA2679 sp002354735
s__Paracidovorax anthurii
s__Methyloprofundus sp900128525
s__UBA5893 sp944384425
s__Andeanibacterium sp017744735
s__WQRX01 sp009786535
s__JADFXP01 sp015233465
s__UBA3855 sp002373165
s__Oceanicaulis sp024178355
s__Janthinobacterium sp900112025
s__TCS52 sp030600775
s__JADFPB01 sp022567135
s__Limivicinus sp022787565
s__CAG-269 sp934157205
s__Cryobacterium sp002929805
s__B14-G1 sp003648675
s__Paracnuella aquatica
s__Sulfurovum sp028684885
s__Nitrospira_A sp016788925
s__CALVUG01 sp944351395
s__UBA1367 sp902788705
s__Marinobacter sp002707215
s__Bradyrhizobium betae
s__UBA12480 sp003477045
s__Micropruina sp016711205
s__UBA11549 sp944390195
s__Marinobacterium sp013868415
s__JABFXX01 sp005887925
s__UBA6183 sp018058165
s__Alteromonas marina
s__UBA7173 sp958418815
s__UBA11549 sp944393745
s__Planktophila sp002284855
s__Poseidonibacter lekithochrous_A
s__Ventrenecus sp944336815
s__Alistipes sp900553175
s__JABAAE01 sp014238905
s__UBA7868 sp905212505
s__Legionella_C beliardensis
s__Corynebacterium resistens
s__Mycoplasma_H equigenitalium
s__Site-B1 sp013043005
s__Clostridium_W formicaceticum
s__JAJZQO01 sp021786135
s__UBA5123 sp002414225
s__Wolbachia sp031281335
s__Prevotella sp902800365
s__RGIG1993 sp944389045
s__Burkholderia sp000687455
s__UBA2193 sp002327335
s__Alicyclobacillus fastidiosus
s__Melaminivora_A jejuensis
s__HB2-32-21 sp002431545
s__Pseudoramibacter sp022484225
s__Rhodococcus sp003350365
s__Phenylobacterium sp030693405
s__UBA1732 sp017540385
s__JADMIH01 sp030913985
s__Chryseobacterium sp029240215
s__VXMF01 sp022824585
s__Lepagella sp014800785
s__UBA2033 sp002333425
s__BOG-1370 sp021847535
s__CALUPY01 sp944323735
s__CG2-30-36-39 sp018657765
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_R
s__UBA796 sp002707085
s__Bin94 sp002238865
s__Nocardia yamanashiensis
s__AAA164-E04 sp014239995
s__Palsa-739 sp019236545
s__Curtobacterium sp003989515
s__2-01-FULL-48-14 sp001822835
s__JAKSPF01 sp024405065
s__Arenimonas maotaiensis
s__RGIG1828 sp934463165
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902596205
s__UBA12481 sp001769295
s__Cupidesulfovibrio sp019931275
s__Shewanella maritima
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947447615
s__UBA3496 sp002377645
s__SXRF01 sp005792635
s__Sulfitobacter sp947502895
s__GCA-2707915 sp902594545
s__Thermus oshimai
s__Prevotella sp900199655
s__JAUWPF01 sp030611745
s__Sphingomonas sp004343105
s__Treponema_D sp002394465
s__Anaerococcus urinomassiliensis
s__Allosphingosinicella sp002344055
s__Ureaplasma miroungigenitalium
s__UBA1146 sp002311345
s__UBA7359 sp013112535
s__Bradyrhizobium sp004212635
s__UBA1829 sp002405835
s__Falsiroseomonas sp030695085
s__CAG-793 sp002393975
s__Cohnella lubricantis
s__CAJUPY01 sp947174335
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp001771815
s__WO2-47-17b sp001793865
s__Dryocola sp002321695
s__UBA12059 sp018815555
s__Methylomonas sp903928965
s__JABHDX01 sp029244925
s__Clostridium_J sp002316385
s__Treponema_D sp024693915
s__DP-20 sp945889495
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000376865
s__Acetatifactor sp023663725
s__CALFCE01 sp938005265
s__GCA-002700125 sp002723375
s__Thermosipho japonicus
s__Xanthomonas dyei
s__GCA-002707905 sp002691365
s__Mycobacterium sp001954275
s__JAGQHB01 sp020432045
s__Zwartia sp002292845
s__JAALKW01 sp022600515
s__Rhodopila sp945861095
s__Evtepia sp022764045
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334925
s__UBA2247 sp002347295
s__Xylophilus sp913776965
s__UBA2259 sp002347605
s__Microbispora amethystogenes
s__Accumulibacter necessarius
s__PPGL01 sp021820025
s__WH-5701 sp024345495
s__Pelagibacter_A sp003284275
s__CAG-533 sp934098515
s__HGM04593 sp017503645
s__SIG575 sp015065765
s__ARS98 sp030744095
s__JAFGVC01 sp016938195
s__CAIRSR01 sp903881315
s__Bin94 sp028874985
s__AG-337-I02 sp902621305
s__Palsa-1315 sp005116835
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp905373275
s__JAGLSE01 sp023135905
s__Pelagibacter sp902600485
s__Poriferisocius sp009843565
s__B14-G9 sp003643935
s__CAIMNF01 sp903831745
s__CAG-269 sp948585895
s__Tetragenococcus osmophilus
s__Pelotomaculum_D isophthalicicum
s__Flavobacterium akiainvivens
s__Pseudomonas_E farsensis
s__SZUA-152 sp011051685
s__UBA2163 sp018648925
s__Egerieousia sp017962375
s__GCA-2786165 sp018061965
s__UBA965 sp003670675
s__UBA11883 sp022451045
s__Collinsella sp958351385
s__Streptomyces sp001905125
s__Helicobacter_C marmotae
s__Sediminibacterium sp903847655
s__Methylophaga pinxianii
s__Vibrio rhizosphaerae
s__JAGNXB01 sp020636225
s__Collinsella sp900760245
s__M30B80 sp015689775
s__Tsukamurella conjunctivitidis
s__UBA1181 sp017430235
s__RCIO01 sp017305835
s__Georgenia_A faecalis
s__DTER01 sp938083225
s__JAAZIN01 sp012510625
s__Sphingopyxis macrogoltabida
s__SW10 sp023263995
s__Marinomonas fungiae
s__Lysinibacillus xylanilyticus_A
s__JAGZMM01 sp904420015
s__Microbacterium amylolyticum
s__JAJPXC01 sp021205635
s__Anaeromusa acidaminophila
s__Prevotella sp944320675
s__UBA1213 sp902783065
s__Pelagibacter sp902525625
s__Terrabacter sp001429185
s__Pelagibacter sp902576335
s__Pedococcus cremeus
s__Kaistella soli
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017961015
s__Psychroflexus gondwanensis
s__CALYAK01 sp944393505
s__Celeribacter indicus
s__Alicyclobacillus tengchongensis_A
s__Labilithrix sp019637195
s__Collinsella sp900542125
s__Hornefia sp000688015
s__BNVA01 sp026002305
s__Collinsella sp900756725
s__JABJCN01 sp913046175
s__Bin22 sp002238505
s__UBA8389 sp003506275
s__UBA9934 sp018673485
s__VXMF01 sp022826925
s__JAHELU01 sp024638815
s__UMGS1766 sp029257695
s__JAKIU001 sp021647535
s__Caccovivens sp944349375
s__JAFGUR01 sp016938425
s__Tatlockia fairfieldensis
s__HO2-37-13b sp001789395
s__Alistipes sp904502005
s__Salinicoccus qingdaonensis
s__Rickettsia kotlanii
s__RGIG7193 sp022791755
s__UBA1201 sp900319565
s__Aquicella_A sp013286495
s__JAAZBK01 sp020439505
s__Corynebacterium sp022347285
s__SCUN01 sp021824055
s__Amaricoccus sp020637615
s__Pseudoscardovia sp002353815
s__Chania sp000743355
s__Caldovatus sp019689515
s__Methylobacterium dankookense
s__RGIG4074 sp945949395
s__Paenibacillus_A anaericanus
s__JAMCZE01 sp023485845
s__NK4A136 sp947174185
s__Rufibacter sp017916365
s__Collinsella sp900550185
s__RGIG446 sp017386805
s__UBA2475 sp020403265
s__QHYU01 sp003224235
s__JAGXLC01 sp913055895
s__Mycobacterium palustre
s__Nonlabens sp947495285
s__Meiothermus sp015478585
s__SY8519 sp017459945
s__CF-13 sp005882525
s__Kordiimonas gwangyangensis
s__CAMZNJ01 sp947313855
s__GCA-2700405 sp004213965
s__SIG291 sp015057605
s__Eubacterium_R sp900766895
s__Pelagibacter sp902566785
s__Prevotella sp944319815
s__Collinsella sp902475595
s__Duncaniella sp947179295
s__UMGS902 sp958352145
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum_B
s__RGIG5675 sp017512745
s__JASJAZ01 sp030066785
s__Schinkia azotoformans
s__CAG-841 sp002405565
s__Choladousia sp944382085
s__Pontixanthobacter aestiaquae
s__DTNP01 sp021828635
s__Luteibacter sp018449605
s__Mesorhizobium loti_C
s__Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae_A
s__Zwartia parapertussis_I
s__GWA1-42-19 sp000994805
s__Nevskia ramosa
s__BCD1 sp020636105
s__Neomicrococcus aestuarii
s__Egerieousia sp018065035
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp016780345
s__Xenophilus sp005503065
s__UBA3065 sp945897555
s__Collinsella sp900542905
s__Geobacter sp905339345
s__Paraglaciecola sp913058035
s__Sphingomonas sp000282895
s__Guyparkeria sp001641825
s__Mycoplasmopsis bovigenitalium
s__CAJUPY01 sp029063895
s__F23-D06 sp024685175
s__Lawsonibacter sp003478995
s__Marixanthomonas sp002631855
s__Arthrobacter sp002979775
s__Lelliottia sp000016325
s__Thalassotalea_A sp029237915
s__PGYU01 sp018335795
s__JACDHG01 sp030447585
s__WFWH01 sp015491245
s__Rhizobium grahamii
s__Alteromonas sp018222405
s__JACKPV01 sp024233305
s__Pelagibacter sp902580895
s__Spirillospora citrea
s__Aquitalea denitrificans
s__Propionibacterium ruminifibrarum
s__SW10 sp913060685
s__JABMPR01 sp021736185
s__Krumholzibacterium sp003369535
s__Arthrobacter histidinolovorans
s__Helicobacter_E sp019703325
s__RGIG8050 sp016283155
s__CAIULA01 sp903899945
s__CAG-390 sp934402395
s__Pelagibacter sp902533445
s__Collinsella sp900761035
s__Gallipaludibacter sp944321155
s__BM516 sp002869275
s__Ectorhizobium borbori
s__Psychrobacillus lasiicapitis
s__JAEDMO01 sp934096265
s__Sphingomonas sp004341505
s__Oceanibaculum nanhaiense
s__UBA8316 sp902590705
s__Campylobacter_A sp902387145
s__Paraglaciecola psychrophila
s__RAAP-2 sp002255565
s__Prevotella sp934183135
s__Dehalogenimonas etheniformans
s__GCA-2862085 sp029248265
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sinuspersici
s__Paenirhodobacter ferrireducens
s__GCA-002707645 sp002693365
s__Neorhizobium sp002431175
s__Gluconacetobacter johannae
s__2-02-FULL-48-11 sp001805615
s__Echinicola rosea
s__HIMB59 sp902591315
s__CAINMV01 sp947492885
s__Methylovulum sp007280895
s__Kocuria varians
s__Bartonella refiksaydamii
s__Streptomyces cadmiisoli
s__CAG-269 sp948470605
s__Nitrospira_A sp014055465
s__Streptomyces sp900091845
s__Aedoeadaptatus rachelemmaiella
s__SURF-52 sp016208235
s__Shewanella sairae
s__Alcaligenes endophyticus
s__CSBR16-224 sp013285465
s__Tabrizicola sp004762095
s__UBA9959 sp021811315
s__JABMPE01 sp937904325
s__JAGLYP01 sp023132155
s__TMED58 sp018654605
s__Lepagella sp947177615
s__Curtobacterium sp913778205
s__UBA1413 sp029975525
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp023262255
s__GCA-2712005 sp017858255
s__QYOJ01 sp014382125
s__CAG-452 sp934162925
s__Bin103 sp002238925
s__JALCQC01 sp022649925
s__JAGVKL01 sp945865355
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030684895
s__Streptococcus mitis_CJ
s__ELB16-189 sp018266395
s__TMED23 sp018649245
s__Mycobacterium sp026242045
s__JAKLKS01 sp023150535
s__JAAFHJ01 sp013298325
s__CALXOD01 sp944389925
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021827145
s__UBA2883 sp902797985
s__Collinsella sp900542085
s__Frankia tisai
s__Rufibacter ruber
s__Specibacter glacialis
s__UBA6821 sp008933015
s__Paenibacillus_E allorhizoplanae
s__UBA7377 sp002170395
s__Arthrobacter sp003097355
s__Stygibacter australis
s__Psychrobacter cibarius
s__Hydrogenoanaerobacterium saccharovorans
s__BN30871 sp002412865
s__QNBC01 sp003641665
s__JAJYCY01 sp027364845
s__UBA12014 sp014237965
s__Bremerella marina_A
s__Rhodococcus qingshengii_B
s__Sacchariniichlamydia sp003228815
s__Rhodovastum atsumiense
s__JAHILZ01 sp018896765
s__JACRDC01 sp021811275
s__PHOS-HE28 sp023957375
s__JALZWD01 sp020629175
s__Ruminococcus sp021769725
s__UBA796 sp002348535
s__Pseudomonas_E fakonensis
s__Bordetella_A sp002261185
s__Azospirillum tabaci
s__Chordicoccus sp003446335
s__CALTWN01 sp030406085
s__Lepagella sp945873625
s__JAJDIA01 sp030266465
s__Microbacterium barkeri
s__Pelethenecus sp029050385
s__OLB17 sp016789265
s__Kazan-3B-28 sp001771185
s__Petrotoga miotherma
s__Algoriphagus alkaliphilus
s__SAR86A sp902541175
s__Fibrobacter sp017530965
s__CAIMUM01 sp028715025
s__Pseudomonas_E pisciculturae
s__AAA044-D11 sp947449535
s__SZUA-161 sp020344295
s__UMGS775 sp944369635
s__Alloalcanivorax dieselolei
s__Agathobaculum merdigallinarum
s__Kinneretia asaccharophila
s__Occallatibacter sp021813745
s__Arthrobacter sp025464545
s__Pararhodobacter sp007117005
s__VXYK01 sp024421095
s__Kurthia massiliensis
s__SIG450 sp017554615
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp024711025
s__Occallatibacter sp021785495
s__UBA1258 sp024680435
s__CAIQCM01 sp903870305
s__NK4A144 sp017634355
s__Sneathiella sedimenti
s__JACKHE01 sp020639135
s__Aedoeadaptatus urinae
s__Symbiopectobacterium sp025962655
s__CALXZG01 sp944393195
s__Phosphoribacter sp016710645
s__CAIVHB01 sp903863375
s__UBA3855 sp014799805
s__Halobacillus_A andaensis
s__M0603 sp006226755
s__NBML01 sp002085465
s__JAGLLA01 sp023142595
s__UBA9959 sp001799895
s__Limosilactobacillus merdigallinarum
s__UBA9630 sp003482885
s__Amycolatopsis orientalis
s__Leisingera daeponensis_A
s__UBA868 sp002726415
s__VXRD01 sp028874765
s__Microbacterium sp002245215
s__RF16 sp902784585
s__UMGS1491 sp934675165
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902593165
s__Streptococcus constellatus_A
s__Tardiphaga sp014377915
s__Egerieicola sp949282975
s__Sphingobium sp001713415
s__Moraxella caprae
s__Pelagibacter sp902621345
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946415335
s__Shewanella halotolerans
s__Tsuneonella suprasediminis
s__Ligilactobacillus pabuli
s__Microbulbifer harenosus
s__JACKNK01 sp024234955
s__Fusibacter_C sp002412775
s__Bulleidia sp017536885
s__JAJDHY01 sp949741925
s__UBA1568 sp028688415
s__Vagococcus_A xieshaowenii
s__GCA001735715 sp027593245
s__CAG-533 sp934098375
s__Thermopetrobacter sp027051195
s__Arenibacter algicola_B
s__UBA6181 sp028690555
s__Paramuribaculum sp029058455
s__Variovorax sp002754375
s__CAIWMF01 sp026398175
s__Kangiella sp009674675
s__RF16 sp017417025
s__Bact-08 sp001897515
s__Sodaliphilus sp934636465
s__Roseivivax sp009363255
s__Bordetella_A sp009763255
s__Firm-07 sp017462615
s__Dulcicalothrix sp012034595
s__Bulleidia sp017514525
s__Nesterenkonia sp025420485
s__Savagea sp009740415
s__JAJZWH01 sp021850865
s__Porphyromonas gingivicanis
s__Multivorans sp026707545
s__Chryseobacterium paludis
s__Treponema_B sp905372345
s__CAJMAW01 sp934644965
s__Spiroplasma_D ixodetis_A
s__Leptolyngbya tanganyikae
s__TMED108 sp002725545
s__GCA-2728355 sp002728355
s__Thiomonas sp021783695
s__28-57-27 sp002281735
s__Bog-756 sp027314705
s__XYD1-37-29 sp001818495
s__RUG099 sp017505405
s__Chitinimonas koreensis
s__Ideonella dechloratans
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025655555
s__RSA17 sp002919105
s__JAJZQJ01 sp021851895
s__Chryseobacterium piscicola
s__RGIG9417 sp017631635
s__Zag111 sp905211505
s__Hamiltonella defensa_A
s__Croceivirga sp005144745
s__Hydrogenedens sp938014335
s__2-02-FULL-45-10 sp001783035
s__UBA7173 sp947177215
s__CAG-269 sp947573965
s__MPNP01 sp021296235
s__BD2-11 sp002238605
s__UBA845 sp913053615
s__Bact-08 sp028708215
s__UMGS1590 sp937976375
s__BMS3BBIN02 sp022562055
s__E44-bin32 sp004376895
s__Natronoflexus saponilacus
s__JAUXDD01 sp030618465
s__Stoquefichus massiliensis
s__M50B103 sp023134755
s__Bifidobacterium sp959028125
s__UBA952 sp003512365
s__Onthomonas avicola
s__UBA1711 sp017501495
s__Sphingosinicella microcystinivorans
s__ELB16-189 sp017303805
s__DUPL01 sp012522035
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003852405
s__Spirillospora coerulea
s__Collinsella sp902497075
s__Sporomusa acidovorans
s__JAJYVT01 sp021810205
s__SAR86A sp902551185
s__CALXVS01 sp944392145
s__JAGLLA01 sp023143145
s__MGBC114079 sp902496345
s__Pseudohalocynthiibacter aestuariivivens
s__JAQVLT01 sp028704015
s__Roseiarcus sp003164915
s__JAFGWU01 sp016936975
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AC
s__Leptotrichia_A sp905371725
s__JAMCWG01 sp023475235
s__Nocardioides szechwanensis
s__GWC2-45-19 sp001001555
s__Sulfurimonas sp018822665
s__Acidicapsa sp903832475
s__DSSM01 sp020718975
s__Anaerocolumna sp023443925
s__UM-FILTER-40-16 sp002791475
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282215
s__UMGS1491 sp023458915
s__Casp-actino8 sp943325425
s__Porphyromonas_A sp030529325
s__CARZYU01 sp949113215
s__UBA3402 sp949879795
s__WARW01 sp023396915
s__Mycobacterium lentiflavum
s__UBA10425 sp003499545
s__SG8-41 sp001303585
s__Collinsella sp900541005
s__Pelagibacter sp003280005
s__GCA-2753255 sp002753255
s__UMGS1865 sp934500855
s__Alitiscatomonas sp902477765
s__JAKANT01 sp025055385
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp943331005
s__Smaragdicoccus niigatensis
s__JAGRCP01 sp020433455
s__Companilactobacillus formosensis
s__Chryseobacterium nakagawai
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028710345
s__JACKCP01 sp020633955
s__MB11C04 sp002686835
s__Rhodoferax ferrireducens
s__Limnohabitans sp945871945
s__SXYR01 sp021738605
s__DTRS01 sp012965765
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019956575
s__UBA1740 sp902779285
s__RGIG1828 sp017629325
s__CADCVQ01 sp030447505
s__CHPMRC01 sp947441115
s__JAEWAH01 sp023416585
s__Gelidibacter japonicus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016290725
s__Microbispora_A corallina
s__Cypionkella sp028290025
s__CAIJKY01 sp903821365
s__Stercorousia sp934718275
s__Brevefilum sp001508595
s__JACCTL01 sp013812395
s__UBA2450 sp902803285
s__Halalkalibacter wakoensis
s__HY326 sp029893325
s__Treponema_D sp022768865
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp902834555
s__Polynucleobacter sp947374315
s__Stenomitos sp014695975
s__Zobellia uliginosa
s__Collinsella sp900541055
s__JAIMAY01 sp023511725
s__Thalassotalea_F sp947492575
s__JAAZJW01 sp012519835
s__CAG-791 sp902781215
s__Lactobacillus sp027681045
s__Proteiniphilum acetatigenes
s__Palsa-1315 sp003135435
s__Negativibacillus sp945876435
s__PEXW01 sp003597955
s__Plantibacter sp015351235
s__SYFN01 sp947454475
s__Sheuella amnicola
s__Collinsella sp027673765
s__JAJDTR01 sp028820655
s__CAG-273 sp944391885
s__Acetatifactor sp949840885
s__Brenneria izbisi
s__Caldimicrobium sp025059715
s__Neofamilia massiliensis
s__Tyzzerella sp946497035
s__UBA11358 sp903878805
s__Geomicrobium_A sediminis
s__Pseudobacteroides cellulosolvens
s__SURF-12 sp003598175
s__SCN-67-18 sp001724715
s__RF16 sp002394395
s__F2B08 sp012729695
s__Ruminococcus sp947345935
s__Lacticaseibacillus zhaodongensis
s__Arthrobacter sp030817015
s__Barnesiella_A sp017561285
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017516265
s__JAAYSA01 sp012518455
s__BD2-11 sp022825135
s__CAKZSB01 sp937920585
s__Pararhodobacter sp007120685
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007123015
s__UBA7312 sp002306655
s__Ruania zhangjianzhongii
s__LL51 sp947174645
s__Achromobacter veterisilvae
s__Bacillus_AD testis
s__SFTJ01 sp900769345
s__Desulfovibrio sp017528345
s__Xenorhabdus innexi
s__UBA4975 sp002427015
s__Paramuribaculum sp900551515
s__Bacteroides sp905207245
s__Parvivirga sp020725885
s__Polynucleobacter sp903837335
s__JAJZUD01 sp021848625
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947447265
s__Sodaliphilus sp017405965
s__Teretinema sp016929605
s__Spyradenecus sp900771325
s__QHZK01 sp003224635
s__Citrobacter sp030332225
s__Endomicrobium_A sp020328155
s__Pelagibacter sp902617645
s__Fusobacterium_B perfoetens
s__Bosea sp013823325
s__BD2-11 sp028820325
s__UBA737 sp016302625
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BK
s__UMGS1449 sp934087515
s__UBA6107 sp927443345
s__AG-337-I02 sp902591485
s__Halioglobus lutimaris
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_AB
s__RGIG6904 sp017540915
s__GWA2-66-18 sp021806745
s__Agrobacterium sp900473205
s__Thermosulfidibacter sp015494645
s__Streptococcus cristatus_F
s__UA16 sp002448555
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944322815
s__Sphingobium sp030128825
s__Paenisporosarcina antarctica
s__UBA3796 sp002369175
s__TMED80 sp002170405
s__Luminiphilus sp002721785
s__LLD-282 sp009927065
s__Asticcacaulis sp027484505
s__Cyanobium_A sp024345375
s__Flavonifractor sp002159265
s__Streptomyces atroolivaceus
s__JACJXU01 sp020636475
s__Villigracilis sp020847355
s__Ga0077523 sp001464765
s__UBA8592 sp022425805
s__BMS3Bbin07 sp002898135
s__JAHELJ01 sp024644235
s__Brevundimonas sp020253595
s__Paracoccus everestensis
s__UBA12489 sp028698875
s__Pacificimonas aurantium
s__UTBCD1 sp018267515
s__Crossiella sp023094165
s__CAZU01 sp902761535
s__Collinsella sp959601045
s__UBA3663 sp017449065
s__Sphingomicrobium sp004282935
s__JADFGH01 sp004357475
s__JAQBQB01 sp025928185
s__JAADHU01 sp013151645
s__Epibacterium sp022348185
s__Erwinia persicina_A
s__Vicingus sp020635815
s__2-02-FULL-52-10 sp023136835
s__CAG-272 sp017621655
s__Alkalicoccobacillus gibsonii
s__CAG-791 sp012512995
s__RUG11977 sp017553035
s__Chlorobaculum sp903929135
s__UBA6615 sp002713365
s__NORP36 sp004566295
s__Arenibacter certesii
s__Leptovillus sp017993775
s__Sediminibacterium sp903899675
s__Dokdonella sp019634795
s__Faecousia sp934591635
s__UBA8919 sp002402375
s__Nanosynbacter sp022828365
s__UBA3855 sp017462785
s__UBA3766 sp017613435
s__JAGOJP01 sp017995055
s__UBA4951 sp902791085
s__Wenzhouxiangella marina
s__Acutalibacter sp900543305
s__Burkholderia lata_C
s__Clostridium_AA polynesiense
s__Chloroflexus aggregans
s__Victivallis sp017466125
s__WYBW01 sp011525685
s__Flavobacterium enshiense_A
s__PBB1 sp017986065
s__Arenicella sp938045295
s__JADLBR01 sp020847615
s__CAKMZU01 sp902705835
s__T78 sp029777225
s__UBA4372 sp017541025
s__Devosia marina
s__SLCP01 sp007121015
s__JAGORM01 sp018062815
s__Ruminococcus sp017462565
s__Polyangium jinanense
s__Niastella koreensis
s__Phocaeicola sp947173895
s__CAG-269 sp947648905
s__CACZYB01 sp934246625
s__UBA4334 sp017540585
s__Pedobacter sp018613605
s__Sphingopyxis sp001047015
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp913052275
s__LSNR01 sp003056165
s__UBA952 sp011522905
s__Leptolyngbya sp014695195
s__JAABRJ01 sp011390985
s__Collinsella sp003438495
s__Onishia taeanensis_A
s__S146-37 sp015492755
s__Paenibacillus_L senegalensis
s__Streptococcus mitis_L
s__Labilithrix sp019637225
s__Corynebacterium jeddahense
s__UBA2962 sp022447925
s__Cetobacterium_A sp947039425
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902601705
s__RGIG2000 sp017501545
s__Salinicoccus halodurans
s__Chlorobium_A sp022360275
s__Massilioclostridium methylpentosum
s__RGIG4079 sp017396945
s__Borkfalkia sp944341895
s__Pseudomonas_E deceptionensis
s__UBA2862 sp002350605
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_R
s__Novosphingobium nitrogenifigens
s__Hyphomonas neptunia
s__Pseudobacter ginsenosidimutans
s__Streptomyces sp022414535
s__Parabacteroides sp944323815
s__Rubrivivax_A sp018240325
s__Francisella philomiragia_B
s__UBA5972 sp019911965
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687615
s__Luteimonas_D colneyensis
s__UBA12463 sp000992695
s__Longispora fulva
s__UBA12420 sp003452395
s__SKLC01 sp007130695
s__Lacunisphaera sp903906135
s__Clostridium_X sp022773025
s__OM05-12 sp900760755
s__Streptococcus mitis_D
s__Alteromonas pelagimontana
s__Ancillula trichonymphae
s__Adlercreutzia_A sp011039075
s__CAJAUT01 sp903945195
s__Alistipes sp947173915
s__Corynebacterium doosanense
s__Fen-668 sp937926975
s__SCN-52-12 sp001724175
s__UBA1213 sp002351795
s__Vreelandella campaniensis_A
s__CAJUPY01 sp947177685
s__UBA2402 sp903929885
s__Luteolibacter sp025457625
s__Zhihengliuella halotolerans
s__Eubacterium_R sp029059925
s__FB2012 sp900770285
s__Odoribacter sp947039985
s__Saccharimonas sp013333675
s__UBA3222 sp002363035
s__JAFKFJ01 sp021847995
s__GWA2-46-15 sp018895125
s__CSSed11-197 sp028717385
s__Sphingomonas sp003951315
s__CAG-115 sp900766795
s__GCA-002691585 sp002691585
s__UBA6186 sp903827925
s__Fibrobacter sp017475045
s__Lutibacter sp003516285
s__Sneathiella sp002163135
s__Ga0077546 sp949127735
s__UBA952 sp947476515
s__Hanstruepera ponticola
s__Rariglobus sp002382525
s__Streptococcus suis_S
s__Helicobacter_D sp022766795
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002380675
s__Streptomyces aureocirculatus
s__DUOJ01 sp028702575
s__Polaribacter_A sp029250685
s__CAIPHT01 sp903864935
s__Saccharomonospora sp021793175
s__41-12-T18 sp002163085
s__2-12-FULL-69-37 sp001790955
s__Marinobacter daqiaonensis
s__SXXK01 sp903858815
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003213375
s__Rhodobaculum sp007128865
s__Sediminibacterium sp002256765
s__Dyella_B flava
s__Ottowia sp016703145
s__JABMQB01 sp013152355
s__Bog-1198 sp027456085
s__Motiliproteus sp026196225
s__Mycobacterium longobardum
s__RGIG8386 sp016282415
s__Arabiibacter massiliensis
s__Arcticimaribacter sp030829155
s__Bog-105 sp019244055
s__JAFGQJ01 sp023136785
s__Coprenecus sp944323785
s__Azovibrio sp025997095
s__Epilithonimonas lactis
s__Accumulibacter sp024235715
s__Alkalispirochaeta sp002313505
s__TMED112 sp003331635
s__Prevotella sp946624005
s__UBA1433 sp002329295
s__Gemmatimonas aurantiaca
s__Pisciglobus halotolerans
s__Pedobacter quisquiliarum
s__Duodenibacillus sp002404465
s__Microsaccharimonas sossegonensis
s__Escherichia sp002965065
s__Novosphingobium sp947472735
s__MED-G14 sp902622575
s__Flemingibacterium sp904501985
s__Avelusimicrobium sp900319325
s__UBA953 sp903840235
s__Arenicella sp938048185
s__JAKAHE01 sp021785055
s__Prevotella koreensis
s__JABFSM01 sp016794825
s__Fredricksoniimonas sp002753465
s__Epilithonimonas caeni
s__CAG-390 sp902783905
s__Magnetominusculus sp002753305
s__Nevskia sp019689635
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947469885
s__CAFBRK01 sp903231505
s__JAGBWK01 sp947174275
s__Thiobacillus sp024709165
s__Petrocella atlantisensis
s__Nitrosomonas sp019745325
s__RHKX01 sp008363375
s__RUG11215 sp934149105
s__Siminovitchia thermophila
s__CAIUCV01 sp903897805
s__CAKXIK01 sp019421725
s__Brevundimonas sp004683885
s__BM503 sp002869585
s__Runella zeae
s__SOKG01 sp004376205
s__JALHNM01 sp019454125
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323825
s__Rhodovulum adriaticum
s__JADJSS01 sp016721245
s__UBA931 sp009786085
s__MAAG01 sp002163065
s__Endomicrobium_A sp025998355
s__Gordonia zhaorongruii
s__Neoroseomonas sp903927465
s__Comamonas sp023622805
s__Lentihominibacter sp017416795
s__Desulfolutivibrio sulfodismutans
s__JAFAMB01 sp019236035
s__Collinsella sp900554325
s__Comamonas testosteroni_G
s__WGAL01 sp027036655
s__Propionicimonas sp017306015
s__Ligilactobacillus excrementigallinarum
s__Sandarakinorhabdus multimanifer
s__JAGMDB01 sp023128875
s__Phocaeicola plebeius_B
s__Secundilactobacillus silagincola
s__Metallococcus carri
s__CAMCUA01 sp945878455
s__Pseudoduganella dura
s__UBA1254 sp902767055
s__Parasynechococcus sp016777265
s__Collinsella sp003459505
s__46-80 sp002418775
s__Porcincola sp902781455
s__JAKAFS01 sp001829875
s__UBA1711 sp947167075
s__Firm-04 sp017533485
s__HGM11788 sp900760465
s__CAIOTO01 sp947490395
s__MGBC165282 sp947567075
s__Alkalihalobacillus pseudalcaliphilus
s__UBA1563 sp023229425
s__BMS3Abin08 sp015485235
s__Streptomyces sparsogenes
s__Coprosoma sp900318075
s__Gastranaerophilus sp944325835
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687675
s__Rhizobium sp002211305
s__Reyranella sp018240695
s__Polymorphobacter_B megasporae
s__Scalindua sp913055705
s__RGIG1934 sp017396555
s__JAJYSO01 sp021793375
s__Roseovarius pacificus
s__Zag111 sp902475545
s__CAG-269 sp944387565
s__Acherontichlamydia pituitae
s__UBA9980 sp001791795
s__Mesocricetibacter sp905373425
s__Aquirufa sp017984215
s__UBA2185 sp003508565
s__Pelagibacter sp902586025
s__CAIZIN01 sp903933085
s__Weissella bombi
s__Fen-1273 sp003157485
s__Flemingibacterium sp934503195
s__Lysobacter_C sp001830245
s__RUG099 sp017512145
s__UBA4457 sp902557415
s__RUG11272 sp902790495
s__Halobacteriovorax_A sp002686115
s__Stercorousia sp944324315
s__Leptolinea sp012798615
s__Methylocystis sp015709525
s__JAGHBG01 sp027065235
s__Suttonella_A ornithocola
s__TMP-24 sp030143255
s__Janthinobacterium sp002797895
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902795785
s__Spiroplasma phoeniceum_A
s__Scandinavium hiltneri
s__Thiorhodococcus sp029257385
s__Oceanispirochaeta sp002408085
s__Streptomyces varsoviensis
s__Eubacterium_R sp900761545
s__Prevotella sp017623335
s__S143-82 sp015494465
s__Escherichia sp004211955
s__RHBSTW-00994 sp013782625
s__MWDT01 sp021782105
s__JAUJNX01 sp030447925
s__JAGMCI01 sp023129325
s__SHVZ01 sp945897335
s__VGNK01 sp027622315
s__Brachyspira sp934725525
s__Pseudomonas_E sp022662375
s__UBA3775 sp902772565
s__HGM05190 sp947628305
s__UBA1609 sp002321895
s__Mycoplasmopsis caviae
s__Aquimarina sp947496855
s__Avisuccinivibrio merdipullorum
s__Smithella sp001412345
s__UBA3402 sp934418055
s__PWXP01 sp003561895
s__JAAFHG01 sp027486695
s__CAISIP01 sp018063505
s__Oceanococcus atlanticus
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947497315
s__MHLP01 sp001821435
s__MGBC133411 sp944391725
s__FEN-1191 sp028870705
s__Paenibacillus_A panacisegetis
s__DUTS01 sp012842035
s__CALYOC01 sp945227095
s__UBA1786 sp937902455
s__JADFGU01 sp022563015
s__CALJAA01 sp938028465
s__DTLC01 sp025061935
s__UBA12489 sp003477305
s__Nocardioides lacusdianchii
s__Sulfurimonas sp030949945
s__Euphemobacter frigidus
s__CAIMNF01 sp945874535
s__B47-G16 sp003648815
s__GCA-002724975 sp002771565
s__Aequoribacter sp024644535
s__B1SED10-174 sp003551905
s__Nocardioides soli
s__Alistipes sp947364365
s__CAIUPE01 sp009921785
s__Flavisolibacter sp013327885
s__JAJQCI01 sp021203425
s__Haoranjiania sp023386235
s__Paenirhodobacter huangdaonensis
s__Marinobacterium halophilum
s__UBA10449 sp005880315
s__Rhodothermus sp015487635
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389275
s__SZUA-51 sp015222805
s__Levilactobacillus senmaizukei
s__Brevibacterium sp902489185
s__JAQVXR01 sp028709045
s__CAG-873 sp947176585
s__SIG402 sp017421905
s__Sulfuricella sp018823025
s__Marisimplicoccus sp016780245
s__Fructilactobacillus cliffordii
s__UBA4181 sp002380425
s__Leptospira_A brenneri
s__Prevotella sp002361535
s__WO2-48-25 sp001773695
s__HUN007 sp015066745
s__SKVR01 sp007131895
s__Rubripirellula sp012270065
s__Prevotella sp017474515
s__Pelagibacter sp902585365
s__Pelagibacter sp003283905
s__Aquiluna sp905182225
s__Blastococcus saxobsidens
s__UBA1847 sp022567295
s__Dokdonella sp002483055
s__Desulfofustis glycolicus
s__Brevibacterium zhoupengii
s__SZUA-592 sp003250975
s__TMED96 sp902635965
s__Ozemobacter sibiricus
s__SXXK01 sp903924405
s__Pygmaiobacter gallistercoris
s__Alterinioella sp947495575
s__Sporosalibacterium faouarense
s__Enterococcus ikei
s__JADFUQ01 sp030611395
s__Fimimorpha sp900045905
s__Onthousia sp944363715
s__Fen-1258 sp023381535
s__JAGLLA01 sp023140775
s__4484-230 sp002085085
s__Paraprevotella sp944321565
s__Belliella kenyensis
s__Roseibium salinum
s__UBA8958 sp020718905
s__AC2028 sp900320825
s__Chryseobacterium sp900128945
s__Variovorax paradoxus_E
s__MED-G52 sp002691045
s__Conchiformibius kuhniae
s__Limnohabitans sp903844385
s__JANLIQ01 sp024654065
s__Acetilactobacillus jinshanensis
s__Paramuribaculum sp947176335
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp934490165
s__WLWV01 sp011088265
s__UBA652 sp002299915
s__UBA11549 sp017616015
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_M
s__UMGS1613 sp934141535
s__Mesobacillus sp018613055
s__JAEUJB01 sp016794865
s__Flavobacterium sp903842575
s__CALXJE01 sp934149365
s__Collinsella sp958451615
s__UBA1515 sp002323935
s__Spirillospora kijaniata
s__Alloprevotella rava
s__Staphylococcus caeli
s__MS024-2A sp002167945
s__Acetobacter garciniae
s__CABUVL01 sp902495005
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389155
s__Burkholderia sp004343775
s__Actinomarina sp902535055
s__Micropruina glycogenica
s__UBA7985 sp002700865
s__UBA5189 sp025935415
s__Pseudomonas_E bananamidigenes
s__B10-G9 sp018335275
s__JAFUXM01 sp905234205
s__Scatosoma sp015069295
s__Avimonas sp028683785
s__UBA4334 sp017651245
s__Occallatibacter sp021846945
s__Craterilacuibacter intestini
s__Methylocella tundrae
s__RKRQ01 sp007571325
s__CALXEN01 sp944387885
s__Gottfriedia sp002556365
s__JANXAQ01 sp938042245
s__Collinsella sp934650975
s__Streptococcus porcinus_A
s__JACJXW01 sp020636405
s__Scatenecus sp944325585
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007134805
s__Rosistilla oblonga
s__DC0425bin3 sp002753665
s__Rubripirellula amarantea
s__Paracoccus sp001887735
s__Xanthomonas maliensis
s__Flavobacterium filum
s__CAIWMF01 sp903913785
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp023262005
s__Streptococcus mitis_CK
s__CAIFEU01 sp903789505
s__Rhodanobacter sp001426645
s__UBA4345 sp018064855
s__Prevotella sp945614335
s__SKVR01 sp007132585
s__Flavobacterium sp027490305
s__Tichowtungia sp014381785
s__Collinsella sp905210085
s__Cyanaurora vandensis
s__SZUA-472 sp003251795
s__WGAO01 sp027038385
s__Arthrobacter sp030816485
s__Sodalinema sp004299065
s__JAJDNN01 sp022340685
s__Desulfaltia sp030610995
s__Erythrobacter cryptus
s__Faecalibacterium faecipullorum
s__Nocardia brasiliensis_B
s__Ga0074137 sp963170185
s__UMGS693 sp900544555
s__Spirillospora latina
s__UBA2918 sp902783615
s__UBA5799 sp015075075
s__Malacoplasma_A sp029009155
s__Sulfobacillus_B sp021792935
s__JAHIUG01 sp018817245
s__2-01-FULL-51-10 sp001823605
s__Streptococcus sp013277515
s__28-YEA-48 sp900104955
s__Aneurinibacillus soli
s__Nitratiruptor sp027024145
s__Streptosporangium canum
s__Novosphingobium sp013822005
s__Duncaniella sp029060405
s__Deinococcus seoulensis
s__Desulfovibrio sp944327235
s__JABJNO01 sp018664825
s__CF-72 sp019247515
s__GWB1-40-14 sp001822815
s__JAJYJJ01 sp021789595
s__Streptococcus sp011038795
s__Kangiella spongicola
s__Sphingomonas endophytica
s__Psychroflexus halocasei
s__Serpentinicella alkaliphila
s__Nanogingivalis gingivitcus
s__Pseudolabrys sp001899285
s__UBA646 sp002299965
s__Ventrenecus sp944332105
s__Sphingomonas kyeonggiensis_A
s__Periweissella fabalis
s__Tannerella forsythia_A
s__Limiplasma sp029009515
s__H1 sp001653155
s__Sulfuricystis sp021849505
s__Prevotella sp017541365
s__Anaerococcus porci
s__RF16 sp002369075
s__Thiopseudomonas sp012728415
s__CAG-791 sp902780385
s__CAG-245 sp934131055
s__Paraglaciecola sp009993955
s__Arthrobacter sp001969265
s__JAICJV01 sp025928265
s__CAKVON01 sp902475665
s__ZJ450 sp011751885
s__DT-108 sp013214075
s__JAJZQO01 sp021793315
s__HGM13006 sp905202605
s__SIG200 sp017441065
s__Geopsychrobacter sp009993495
s__Sam29DG08-bin30 sp003045995
s__JAQTLZ01 sp028714635
s__UBA5004 sp001825155
s__Siccibacter colletis
s__PWHW01 sp003555075
s__Occallatibacter sp903849645
s__JAJXUB01 sp021783215
s__Actinomarina sp902626065
s__UBA1067 sp934635225
s__Cryptobacteroides sp022653735
s__Fastidiosibacter lacustris
s__Dorea_A sp019421265
s__UBA9145 sp024639905
s__Rhodoluna sp009921165
s__Ureaplasma sp944322645
s__Brevibacterium sp012844365
s__Xanthomonas_A sp000963005
s__GCA-2862085 sp938083085
s__Anaerococcus sp943912825
s__Pseudolabrys sp021823875
s__BMS3ABIN03 sp022564295
s__BMS3ABIN01 sp002897715
s__Streptomyces coralus
s__Pantoea multigeneris
s__UBA1752 sp902783535
s__Cupriavidus respiraculi
s__2-01-FULL-50-23 sp001774555
s__BRH-c54 sp002770955
s__Treponema_D sp902772605
s__JAHIPS01 sp018902915
s__Spongiicolonus sp007570945
s__Angelakisella sp023431215
s__Luteolibacter sp947491475
s__Pullulanibacillus pueri
s__Leifsonia_A sp001425325
s__JAKOUL01 sp029776735
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946405625
s__CAKTOF01 sp934589675
s__Listeria aquatica
s__UBA1081 sp900314355
s__Teretinema sp023443865
s__VXMF01 sp028819255
s__Micrococcus sp023155805
s__CAIXPS01 sp023382055
s__Petralouisia sp951801955
s__Limimorpha sp902789915
s__Phaeodactylibacter sp024742755
s__AAA240-E13 sp002690285
s__Streptomyces cinnabarinus
s__UBA7916 sp002308435
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000025545
s__Allofrancisella inopinata
s__Pelagibacter sp902555465
s__Vibrio taketomensis
s__Collimonas arenae
s__Limnoraphis aestuarii
s__UBA1309 sp001897035
s__AG-337-I02 sp902569865
s__Brevibacterium rongguiense
s__Anaerolinea thermophila_A
s__Nanogingivalis sp916438495
s__JJ008 sp020636575
s__UM-FILTER-34-12 sp002789465
s__Prevotella sp902766505
s__Streptomyces longispororuber_A
s__Eubacterium_R sp900544515
s__F23-D06 sp017394765
s__Lysinibacillus sphaericus_D
s__Janthinobacterium sp001865675
s__Rhodoluna sp947489235
s__UBA6055 sp028875185
s__UMGS1484 sp902388225
s__Bifidobacterium asteroides_F
s__JABEUL01 sp021777355
s__Coproplasma sp944353935
s__Martelella sp013459645
s__UBA1149 sp002311335
s__UBA5456 sp002412625
s__Pseudomonas_E cuatrocienegasensis
s__UBA10566 sp012837565
s__UBA10103 sp903824595
s__Treponema_D sp902803415
s__Planococcus sp030413595
s__UBA3900 sp012522935
s__CALXRO01 sp949298005
s__Enterousia sp944389385
s__Rhodopseudomonas faecalis
s__CAINDZ01 sp903859215
s__Nocardioides lijunqiniae
s__Paenibacillus sp001315105
s__Pedobacter cryoconitis_C
s__Mycobacterium sp020637165
s__SKPT01 sp007119405
s__FEB-7 sp003105245
s__Lithacetigena formicireducens
s__JABDEE01 sp013287205
s__UBA7584 sp944381195
s__CAG-302 sp934091055
s__Legionella sp947476305
s__Nocardia rosealba
s__Sphingomonas sp001556185
s__Acetatifactor sp945833775
s__RGIG9107 sp934613185
s__JAOUGY01 sp029865445
s__MWCR01 sp021806685
s__Pelatocladus maniniholoensis
s__RUG11198 sp944351345
s__Mycobacterium scrofulaceum
s__RF16 sp905234835
s__CAG-873 sp029057255
s__Streptomyces avidinii
s__Pseudomonas sp000349845
s__Fen-668 sp003153855
s__JACCTI01 sp013697365
s__UBA791 sp002297005
s__RUG806 sp902780565
s__UBA953 sp002293125
s__UBA4334 sp017483605
s__RGIG8367 sp904502045
s__HO2-43-30 sp001819985
s__CBW1002 sp015840915
s__JADJKB01 sp016191785
s__UBA10092 sp021790275
s__PWPS01 sp003551845
s__SCN-69-37 sp003242705
s__Paraburkholderia caffeinitolerans
s__JAUJOZ01 sp030447415
s__Colwellia psychrerythraea_A
s__Palsa-343 sp021792135
s__VBCG01 sp005881895
s__Nitrospira_D sp902500745
s__UBA8316 sp902515395
s__JABMQR01 sp023139255
s__SpSt-398 sp017303415
s__JABDJG01 sp016522385
s__UBA1328 sp002725925
s__Casp-actino8 sp945896935
s__UBA4457 sp002390205
s__Ochrobactrum cytisi
s__Amylibacter sp947311485
s__Gordonia liuliyuniae
s__JAIBCL01 sp945869695
s__CAG-448 sp017483125
s__Zeimonas sp937872345
s__UBA8260 sp003142035
s__Dehalogenimonas alkenigignens
s__DUPH01 sp002071025
s__Lactobacillus sp944327175
s__JAQBYD01 sp027623315
s__Bog-105 sp019240405
s__Prevotella sp013333935
s__UBA1611 sp012964275
s__Pontiella sp016937945
s__Pectinatus cerevisiiphilus
s__Collinsella sp900553215
s__Gracilimonas sp017641085
s__1-14-0-20-46-22 sp002796245
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003484865
s__JACRMB01 sp021785935
s__Kyrpidia tusciae
s__Sodalis glossinidius
s__Zobellia roscoffensis
s__Bacillus sp013155385
s__CAG-632 sp017623675
s__AP-15 sp030041385
s__JAKADD01 sp021805735
s__Mobilitalea sp023409535
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000634515
s__Streptococcus sp000831085
s__Acidoferrum sp001919715
s__Anaerobutyricum sp902783205
s__JAHHTG01 sp944325685
s__Streptomyces sp002899455
s__JABJCN01 sp913048125
s__Streptomyces sp030817655
s__Microbacterium sp913776565
s__Thermosynechococcus sp015295825
s__Xiamenia sp011039175
s__Coprosoma sp944358625
s__Nitratifractor sp027081405
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023444055
s__SAR86A sp902631785
s__UBA9968 sp001798565
s__UBA1440 sp028704515
s__Paraprevotella sp944321975
s__2-02-FULL-44-35 sp001822695
s__Coprosoma sp944358445
s__Thauera sp003963015
s__TMED108 sp002172545
s__UBA3263 sp900759865
s__Oceanisphaera sp012518835
s__JAFUYV01 sp016280565
s__Methylotenera sp030655015
s__Trichlorobacter sp002422265
s__DSFT01 sp025060695
s__JAVHLZ01 sp031081675
s__RUG11198 sp934162265
s__JABWCQ01 sp016702305
s__Sodaliphilus sp946412245
s__Cecembia rubra
s__RGIG2000 sp017937135
s__CADEEL01 sp902826335
s__Pelagisphaera sp937942145
s__SZUA-584 sp023436115
s__Streptomyces xantholiticus
s__JAIMAE01 sp023511625
s__JASLMH01 sp030746635
s__Alicyclobacillus_G shizuokensis
s__UBA9145 sp013204155
s__UBA1712 sp017961385
s__SZUA-378 sp023392535
s__Prevotella sp902465605
s__Methylohalobius sp026984375
s__Avoscillospira sp945864925
s__Palsa-295 sp003156635
s__Aquisalimonas sp007127625
s__CAG-273 sp946578345
s__Bosea sp011764485
s__Ignatzschineria larvae
s__Aristaeella sp902797445
s__Neobacillus soli
s__RGIG10368 sp017958015
s__Gemmatimonas sp903900795
s__Microcoleus sp026786085
s__Prevotella sp002317355
s__Vreelandella sp014897985
s__HGM05190 sp900759815
s__T78 sp012517865
s__Pelagibacter sp902606075
s__UBA4311 sp002394665
s__CAG-448 sp017411745
s__CAG-269 sp930987745
s__Onthocola_B sp944332555
s__UBA721 sp012965455
s__JAEUJB01 sp022072615
s__AWTP1-13 sp019747815
s__Vibrio bathopelagicus
s__GCA-002790365 sp022567875
s__Palsibacter borealis
s__Agrobacterium larrymoorei_B
s__JAHBZM01 sp017988075
s__Gp7-AA6 sp020199905
s__JABIDK01 sp018651725
s__JAHHTM01 sp029258605
s__JAKASW01 sp021785235
s__JARSSO01 sp029624765
s__Flexilinea sp001717545
s__Ch128b sp937944105
s__JALZUU01 sp938015415
s__CAMPKL01 sp027592785
s__RYN-111 sp025965935
s__Sulfomarinibacter kjeldsenii
s__Vreelandella sp020428305
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp945862045
s__Exiguobacterium sp003467445
s__RUG11795 sp902772725
s__Marinicauda algicola
s__Pseudomonas_E sp916618955
s__Vibrio hepatarius_A
s__Duncaniella sp900762315
s__RGIG9608 sp017652785
s__UBA9959 sp001799995
s__Prosthecobacter sp027490195
s__DRLX01 sp027011235
s__UBA9148 sp902623005
s__Intrasporangium calvum
s__Acidiphilium sp028688905
s__Rhodanobacter sp027307195
s__Streptococcus mitis_CL
s__Shewanella woodyi
s__JAGNEX01 sp020637365
s__JAJYIJ01 sp021790135
s__Flavobacterium glaciei
s__JADKFV01 sp016717325
s__SB25 sp008933525
s__RUG12372 sp902782705
s__Bullifex sp944388965
s__TMED69 sp002170535
s__Odoribacter sp023400335
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium sp002878035
s__CAKPXW01 sp934201705
s__MWCM01 sp002070055
s__UBA8309 sp002457745
s__JAGQKC01 sp020430285
s__MGBC162267 sp910587775
s__Ruminococcus sp947177755
s__Lysobacter antibioticus
s__SGZJ01 sp028825365
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007123985
s__UBA9410 sp002727895
s__Shewanella litorisediminis
s__Casp-actino5 sp029978815
s__Prevotella sp934202525
s__Actinoplanes philippinensis
s__Nostoc sp015206985
s__GCA-2728135 sp002728135
s__UBA10449 sp001917895
s__BMS3ABIN14 sp013151915
s__Pedobacter psychrotolerans
s__Yoonia sp029252195
s__UBA1494_A sp002713165
s__Pelagibacter sp003282895
s__Pedobacter sp002399615
s__Bacteroides sp944320865
s__Pseudolabrys sp019247925
s__Pseudomonas_E sp026651855
s__JAACEG01 sp011682665
s__GCA-002791395 sp002771355
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp004804275
s__Pedobacter xixiisoli
s__CAIOGO01 sp903859225
s__Spirosoma oryzae
s__Chryseobacterium sp001424145
s__Saccharicenans sp002316315
s__Udaeobacter sp003218785
s__Terrabacter tumescens
s__MED-G13 sp002697255
s__SZUA-381 sp006226555
s__SZUA-6 sp003641675
s__Prevotella sp946627325
s__Paenibacillus_D pinihumi
s__Photobacterium rosenbergii
s__Muribaculum sp023662835
s__Acinetobacter wanghuae
s__CALUTH01 sp944323635
s__Saccharopolyspora kobensis
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007128135
s__Saccharofermentans sp902788505
s__BMS3BBIN04 sp002898195
s__Bradyrhizobium sp005884855
s__JAIPKD01 sp021733835
s__Limimaricola hongkongensis
s__Natronocella acetinitrilica
s__UMGS1502 sp937937585
s__JANXDG01 sp025060535
s__UBA2589 sp022428035
s__Citricoccus sp902506195
s__UBA9087 sp003491635
s__Legionella worsleiensis
s__Reidiella endopervernicosa
s__JASKKI01 sp030154225
s__Pseudomonas_E quercus
s__Vibrio sinaloensis
s__Eubacterium_G sp947169835
s__JAJZYI01 sp021826725
s__Pelethosoma sp944332155
s__Paenibacillus sp001955535
s__JAKAZV01 sp021818645
s__Zeimonas sp021166835
s__Firm-16 sp002310155
s__Glacieibacterium sp018982925
s__Mycobacterium triplex
s__Gordonibacter sp003339845
s__CAG-170 sp934636305
s__DTU029 sp025451675
s__Aquella sp008017145
s__Weissella uvarum
s__CAG-568 sp944372245
s__Novosphingobium sp024236215
s__Streptococcus sp023110115
s__Octadecabacter sp017886375
s__Firm-07 sp017502975
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902775555
s__Thermosynechococcus sp015296025
s__Ferrovum sp010435995
s__UBA1140 sp018822805
s__Occallatibacter sp021828835
s__Sulfurospirillum_A arcachonense_A
s__RUG369 sp902803085
s__E44-bin89 sp004375725
s__Alloprevotella sp945836755
s__Paenibacillus crassostreae
s__Trichofilum sp018004935
s__Thalassotalea_D agarivorans
s__Acetatifactor muris_B
s__CAIKXV01 sp903873475
s__Palleronia sediminis
s__JALGWN01 sp025774115
s__Aphodousia faecigallinarum
s__JAKUSA01 sp022449565
s__JAHJAP01 sp018813805
s__JAHISY01 sp023142645
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_AC
s__RAAP-1 sp027325475
s__JACTMJ01 sp014584705
s__HGM04593 sp904502185
s__HIMB59 sp902521155
s__Collinsella sp902465105
s__JAGLUN01 sp023134705
s__CAG-269 sp934162255
s__MED-G52 sp902554885
s__Vibrio atypicus
s__UBA4085 sp003154255
s__GCA-2742935 sp002742935
s__Marinilabilia salmonicolor_A
s__Gottfriedia sp002564465
s__Sinorhizobium saheli
s__Streptomyces sp001895105
s__Brotaphodocola sp021204045
s__UBA9732 sp017618315
s__CAJPSE01 sp905373185
s__Pelagibacter sp902520215
s__SKRM01 sp007118495
s__Bilifractor sp900319355
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_C
s__Roseibacillus sp937949965
s__CAIMDX01 sp903839905
s__JAJYID01 sp021790235
s__Nitrogeniibacter aestuarii
s__Novosphingobium resinovorum
s__Actinomarina sp902595195
s__UBA7446 sp002313325
s__Chromobacterium phragmitis
s__UBA955 sp027488495
s__Thiomonas bhubaneswarensis
s__UBA7441 sp009886465
s__Cyanobium sp024346055
s__Brevibacterium antiquum
s__Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae
s__Huintestinicola sp017410745
s__Chaera renei
s__Alloprevotella sp900553285
s__Collinsella sp958429345
s__QNBT01 sp013349435
s__Mumia xiangluensis
s__Silicimonas algicola
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017627955
s__Planktomarina sp905182425
s__UBA4421 sp902613475
s__JAJYNT01 sp021845945
s__Microbulbifer sp030440425
s__Streptomyces benahoarensis
s__Ruminococcus sp947176415
s__Pseudoroseomonas wenyumeiae
s__UBA4951 sp944363565
s__Staphylococcus sp943737015
s__Devosia limi
s__Tabrizicola_B sp945952585
s__Leptolyngbya_A sp014695325
s__Acetatifactor sp948467735
s__Pelagibacter sp003279685
s__Streptomyces abikoensis
s__JAGLPS01 sp023137185
s__DTJG01 sp023818375
s__AC2028 sp017469945
s__Fen-1301 sp003141435
s__MED727 sp902561155
s__Prevotella sp022779305
s__Moorena producens_A
s__Onthocola_B sp944332675
s__Succinivibrio sp900767695
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_N
s__Onthocola_B sp944332715
s__Hydrogenobacter sp028276405
s__Zymomonas pomaceae
s__TMED62 sp002170595
s__Leeuwenhoekiella aestuarii
s__Helcococcus sp023442495
s__Sulfurimonas sp001829625
s__UBA3282 sp029067085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326325
s__Collinsella sp000434535
s__Acetobacter fallax
s__UBA7692 sp019638515
s__Coproplasma sp029071285
s__Rhodococcus wratislaviensis_A
s__RUG14515 sp902798595
s__TCS60 sp018334695
s__Liberibacter africanus
s__Duncaniella sp947173755
s__Chryseobacterium jejuense
s__Leuconostoc litchii
s__Rothia aerolata
s__Colwellia psychrerythraea_C
s__Clostridium sp934746015
s__Neisseria sicca
s__Pelagibacter sp902537665
s__Atelocyanobacterium thalassa_A
s__Mycoplasmopsis gallinarum
s__JABIRQ01 sp018699755
s__Geminisphaera sp000242935
s__UBA1213 sp900317215
s__RGIG5669 sp017431225
s__Pauljensenia sp916439125
s__HGM04593 sp015060905
s__Marinomonas pontica
s__JAGPBS01 sp018063245
s__RQCD01 sp934462945
s__UBA2897 sp900316275
s__Afipia clevelandensis
s__Caccovivens sp930990975
s__Sulfurovum sp026991605
s__GCA-00278855 sp002788855
s__Aliikangiella sp016743995
s__28-YEA-48 sp945878875
s__CAG-269 sp948467495
s__Wujia sp902788555
s__Palsa-343 sp003167515
s__Gloeomargarita sp025062155
s__Blautia_A sp934402155
s__Polynucleobacter cosmopolitanus
s__QNBT01 sp003644205
s__JABGVH01 sp018646195
s__Paramuribaculum sp947178215
s__Roseburia_B sp948438565
s__F23-D06 sp905235135
s__Devosia_A sp001425235
s__Saccharibacillus deserti
s__Haoranjiania flava
s__Salinicola sp023736115
s__Caviibacter abscessus
s__JACNFI01 sp014384665
s__Methylobacterium platani
s__C7867-001 sp021782715
s__CAJLXD01 sp944392255
s__CAMFJL01 sp945957175
s__Sinorhizobium numidicum
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279115
s__Wujia sp947173945
s__Akkermansia sp900766865
s__JAKAPS01 sp021806925
s__Gallimonas sp947177495
s__UBA2059 sp002332615
s__Streptococcus oralis_BO
s__Hydrogenimonas thermophila
s__Sphingomonas excrementigallinarum
s__Cyanobium sp024345975
s__Fimivivens sp023456995
s__Chitinophaga sp012726295
s__Onthovicinus sp949293315
s__Bin16 sp002238425
s__Alistipes sp017391665
s__Actinomarina sp016777845
s__JACOTZ01 sp016178155
s__Paraconexibacter algicola
s__RXIW01 sp003989065
s__JAGONC01 sp017993235
s__Streptomyces nondiastaticus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902785365
s__JAACFB01 sp027618995
s__UBA1711 sp946183915
s__UBA3633 sp017934175
s__CAAFZY01 sp944392295
s__BJGO01 sp014190535
s__Allopseudarcicella sp027491315
s__SYFN01 sp945883145
s__JAZXM01 sp012959865
s__LD21 sp016709865
s__Scybalomonas excrementavium
s__SLMJ01 sp007133615
s__Aurantimonas coralicida_A
s__JACKID01 sp020425695
s__Ramlibacter pinisoli
s__NK4A136 sp902787595
s__C7867-002 sp021782175
s__JACQWY01 sp016209015
s__Cryptobacteroides sp012522855
s__SB15 sp008933735
s__Caribbeanibacter nitroreducens
s__Paraburkholderia oxyphila
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp002928515
s__RUG521 sp015058955
s__UBA5455 sp002427365
s__20CM-2-55-15 sp001920875
s__JAPULF01 sp027295245
s__BRHc4a sp000802095
s__Sutterella sp937943605
s__NPL-UPA2 sp003574845
s__Merdousia sp944389915
s__Protoclostridium sp944362615
s__Solirubrum busanense
s__UBA3282 sp910587715
s__JACQGQ01 sp016199495
s__Sphingobacterium sp002000245
s__Streptomyces sp001282115
s__Bin127 sp002239045
s__MGBC120929 sp947175555
s__Streptococcus cristatus_J
s__WRDF01 sp021202985
s__JAGORL01 sp943359345
s__UBA3700 sp015055975
s__Electryonea clarkiae
s__UBA9215 sp009993885
s__Limimorpha sp900318465
s__JALZMX01 sp030857985
s__Tenacibaculum sp022448525
s__Comamonas acidovorans_A
s__Occallatibacter sp030040395
s__Microbacterium azadirachtae_A
s__UBA8904 sp012510495
s__Octadecabacter temperatus
s__Fibrobacter sp900143015
s__AAA240-E13 sp003211695
s__Flavobacterium sp009764685
s__Palleronia marisminoris
s__Actinoalloteichus hymeniacidonis
s__Aequitasia blattaphilus
s__JACQVT01 sp029550525
s__SIAT01 sp945900775
s__Oleiagrimonas citrea
s__Polaribacter sp002005425
s__Blautia_A sp900553515
s__Polaribacter gangjinensis
s__Sulfurimonas sp947498025
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001269985
s__Catonella sp916438995
s__YE71 sp024697545
s__WGBN01 sp015494245
s__Roseovarius sp002428225
s__Enterenecus sp947176765
s__CAIWGV01 sp903912365
s__Otoolea sp937885015
s__Fen-1137 sp003170035
s__B18-G4 sp003648575
s__Mycobacterium sp018401645
s__UBA4581 sp002387565
s__Pedococcus sp001426245
s__SYFN01 sp018882935
s__Pelagibacter sp902633185
s__Streptomyces humi
s__Nitratifractor sp027002755
s__Pseudomonas_E laurentiana
s__RGIG8782 sp017475895
s__GCA-002701945 sp002701785
s__RGIG5612 sp017511045
s__CAIYPH01 sp903928045
s__CAIWKO01 sp903862465
s__Heliophilum fasciatum
s__JAICXJ01 sp025980465
s__Pirellula_B sp903837255
s__Palsa-1032 sp013813905
s__CG1-02-35-72 sp013205245
s__GCA-2704625 sp902570785
s__Adlercreutzia sp947426355
s__Megalodesulfovibrio gigas
s__AR12 sp003220225
s__JAHCVB01 sp024648745
s__RGIG8482 sp948630815
s__Anaeroplasma sp016280975
s__Rhodoluna sp009703635
s__Collinsella sp900553705
s__Parasynechococcus sp002701375
s__Thiocapsa sp009929855
s__JACQCF01 sp021783915
s__20-14-all-54-14 sp002772205
s__UBA1941 sp903917755
s__JACPOT01 sp021787445
s__SCADC1-2-3 sp002327235
s__XYB12-FULL-38-5 sp009773205
s__Sphingomonas sp913778135
s__UBA737 sp017622555
s__2-01-FULL-40-13 sp001789645
s__Arenibacter hampyeongensis
s__Synechocystis sp000478825
s__CALUPY01 sp944323425
s__Aromatoleum toluclasticum
s__Agromyces sp021129215
s__Limnocylindrus sp903847005
s__Epulopiscium_A sp001983475
s__Desulfopertinax cowenii
s__RUG12999 sp902784685
s__Avoscillospira_A sp944385365
s__DTU036 sp001512625
s__Thermodesulfomicrobium sp027925145
s__UBA8904 sp002070455
s__Janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum
s__Kaistia hirudinis
s__Sphingomonas parapaucimobilis
s__Fimadaptatus faecigallinarum
s__Ructibacterium sp934454115
s__Saccharofermentans sp017509245
s__MSPOR6 sp009839975
s__Prevotella sp905234145
s__RGIG1896 sp017473335
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326375
s__Chloracidobacterium sp937934745
s__Aphodosoma sp017467185
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903951445
s__Thermosipho_A sp030153605
s__Albitalea sp021153565
s__Ferrovibrio sp002482765
s__Limimorpha sp016284305
s__Paucilactobacillus oligofermentans
s__JAPOVO01 sp026707405
s__CAG-590 sp947629565
s__Psychrobacter sp030407455
s__Pelagibacter sp003213615
s__Gallionella sp021787435
s__CAG-273 sp944391015
s__Thalassotalea_A sp007097525
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp944350065
s__Acetobacterium paludosum
s__Phyllobacterium brassicacearum
s__Enterosoma sp944349335
s__Hylemonella sp017853735
s__UBA6055 sp002238485
s__RUG099 sp029101005
s__JAFDGW01 sp019309115
s__JACZSL01 sp022574205
s__UBA12014 sp002690755
s__Streptomyces globisporus_A
s__JAALLB01 sp937944165
s__Neobacillus paridis
s__GCA-2686265 sp002686265
s__2-12-FULL-62-27 sp001784175
s__PHOS-HE28 sp018057455
s__RGIG9201 sp017635875
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp944362765
s__Aliarcobacter venerupis
s__Chryseobacterium aquaticum_A
s__JAEDCM01 sp016294165
s__UBA1179 sp017557635
s__UBA12545 sp013167955
s__RGIG990 sp017481725
s__Cryosericum terrychapinii
s__Deinococcus metalli
s__Anaerococcus sp943914475
s__Alistipes sp017647625
s__JAJZVS01 sp021815835
s__Bin95 sp026710105
s__4572-112 sp002254285
s__Parabacteroides sp944325355
s__Faecousia sp015068455
s__Loigolactobacillus jiayinensis
s__Sphingomonas naasensis
s__JAQTOZ01 sp028713205
s__Tatlockia nautarum
s__Advenella incenata
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003131585
s__JAANAU01 sp011089965
s__Desulfonatronum lacustre
s__JAJYUU01 sp030038715
s__Vibrio hangzhouensis
s__Sodaliphilus sp946183895
s__CAG-269 sp949289635
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017480095
s__Methylotuvimicrobium buryatense
s__JANXBB01 sp025061975
s__RGIG9115 sp934489015
s__Nitrosomonas sp016703745
s__JABWCQ01 sp020637445
s__SHVO01 sp947476625
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017512045
s__Caldipriscus sp015492295
s__VYEH01 sp009843005
s__CADBQJ01 sp017650365
s__SXHM01 sp945861685
s__Planktophila sp009705185
s__Merdousia sp944389575
s__Acetatifactor sp002490995
s__Collinsella sp900541795
s__SHND01 sp020851635
s__Streptomyces sp026627505
s__Williamsia muralis_A
s__UBA2421 sp002343075
s__Endozoicomonas ascidiicola
s__CAJXSO01 sp009924775
s__Roseburia_A sp934359535
s__Levilactobacillus wangkuiensis
s__QVMG01 sp010500925
s__HGM10766 sp947624705
s__Rhizomicrobium sp027456965
s__Paramuribaculum sp947178305
s__Xylophilus ampelinus
s__CAG-196 sp944325785
s__Cellulomonas soli
s__JAEUNM01 sp016791105
s__JAHJDW01 sp018812245
s__RUG13091 sp016298185
s__Pseudokineococcus sp947499845
s__Pusillimonas_A sp002236805
s__Prevotella sp900320845
s__JAHJTV01 sp022360105
s__Caballeronia sp011493005
s__CAIVXW01 sp903910005
s__CAG-115 sp004555855
s__Solibacillus sp022549215
s__CAKRRH01 sp934394855
s__Bermanella marisrubri
s__JAAYZQ01 sp012514775
s__JAAWPK01 sp022791835
s__UBA3830 sp902761495
s__JAJZCX01 sp021851625
s__JAMCUI01 sp023379265
s__GCA-002282575 sp945874205
s__Oxalobacter sp018384065
s__Treponema_D sp017961705
s__UBA3571 sp021163465
s__BACL27 sp027731085
s__UBA5266 sp028703095
s__Geomonas sp003499925
s__Thermasporomyces composti
s__Erysipelothrix sp002359085
s__Arachnia sp905372155
s__SLQV01 sp007124745
s__Paenibacillus sophorae
s__Xanthomonas arboricola_C
s__CAINDR01 sp903847415
s__JACPCL1 sp016179765
s__Methylotenera sp009693255
s__JAGLWK01 sp023133485
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium sp021798015
s__Bulleidia sp900315065
s__Hyella sp937996665
s__UBA1231 sp904502205
s__Collinsella sp902492855
s__Nonlabens xylanidelens
s__R-RK-3 sp002198715
s__PALSA-926 sp023136145
s__Nucleicultrix amoebiphila
s__CAG-465 sp944388585
s__Flavobacterium sp027533505
s__RUG592 sp902801245
s__Aphodocola sp934148015
s__Bin125 sp028875225
s__UBA8612 sp017410325
s__Anaerosporomusa subterranea
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028681615
s__UTCFX2 sp002050125
s__UBA5200 sp002412825
s__Winogradskyella sp937958655
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002964705
s__UBA9942 sp003489165
s__Natronospira sp003558125
s__Avibacteroides sp944320965
s__Pelagibacter sp902616875
s__Parabacteroides sp003473295
s__WGNA01 sp020635355
s__B33-G16 sp028572035
s__Helicobacter_A aurati
s__Lactobacillus sp030455605
s__Pseudoduganella buxea
s__Glaesserella indolica
s__UBA2093 sp009703125
s__UBA1140 sp015494795
s__JAIRNQ01 sp031264015
s__Microbacterium sp002812725
s__Rhodococcus yananensis
s__Streptomyces sp001428885
s__Collinsella sp900544235
s__TMED48 sp002691825
s__Halanaerobium kushneri
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp905182555
s__XYD2-FULL-39-9 sp001783215
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp900770865
s__Psychrobacter fulvigenes
s__Actinomyces bovis
s__CALXQI01 sp944390585
s__GCA-2731375 sp029936195
s__Actinomarina sp902587025
s__Udaeobacter sp003221375
s__AP-15 sp030042035
s__UBA1221 sp944324035
s__Brachybacterium tyrofermentans
s__Lachnotalea glycerini
s__UMGS1307 sp017436675
s__Stenotrophomonas sp913776385
s__Croceicoccus naphthovorans
s__Streptomyces vietnamensis
s__JAEWPB01 sp030028905
s__UBA11707 sp943359325
s__Streptomyces sp001905505
s__S145-22 sp015493505
s__Kaistia geumhonensis
s__JAAZAI01 sp012514445
s__Rubrivivax sp020248945
s__UBA1550 sp001825115
s__Hassallia rafaelensis
s__Paracidovorax valerianellae
s__XYC2-FULL-47-12 sp001778285
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017406985
s__DTU074 sp001513505
s__Sulfurospirillum_A sp016735235
s__Zobellia nedashkovskayae
s__Sphingobacterium litopenaei
s__Mariniblastus sp014237975
s__Aquicella_A sp019634835
s__Streptomyces kanasensis
s__HGM05376 sp017522255
s__Cognaticolwellia sp003354085
s__Prevotella sp002393725
s__PALSA-747 sp903827345
s__UMGS1623 sp944382025
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp948468495
s__RUG369 sp900318195
s__SKSP01 sp007122945
s__RGIG2707 sp016283945
s__Limivicinus sp017430455
s__JAHRAZ01 sp020027475
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944325495
s__UBA1227 sp017538005
s__Leucobacter sp014530035
s__JAADHQ01 sp011052215
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AR
s__JARFTX01 sp029289265
s__Thiobacillus sp019459285
s__Paenibacillus sp000758585
s__Firm-04 sp017427265
s__JAQUBU01 sp028686565
s__RECG01 sp018400755
s__Pseudolachnospira avium
s__Ga0074130 sp001464495
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030687415
s__Pseudoduganella flava
s__Cocleimonas sp026988295
s__RACS-045 sp944381365
s__Oribacterium sp002396005
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902558395
s__Croceitalea sp947495075
s__Vibrio bivalvicida
s__Faecousia sp945486035
s__Palsa-851 sp003132805
s__UBA5793 sp011525805
s__JAAYQA01 sp012519495
s__Rhodosalinus sediminis
s__Rhodoferax_C sp002163715
s__Thiobacillus sp021166845
s__NK4A136 sp017526985
s__Bin80 sp026708685
s__CALRBF01 sp943354045
s__HIMB59 sp902514885
s__HGM04593 sp017646665
s__Phytoplasma australiense
s__Villigracilis sp023382575
s__UBA2177 sp002328805
s__Desulforhabdus amnigena
s__Nocardiopsis_A halophila
s__DSDU01 sp016936905
s__Planktophila sp947487595
s__UBA4372 sp947176895
s__Marinibactrum halimedae
s__Teretinema zuelzerae
s__Anaerotardibacter sp944321455
s__UBA5177 sp002413265
s__RF16 sp016280845
s__Subtercola lobariae
s__Chryseobacterium piperi
s__Bartonella_A sp946478235
s__QQUE01 sp020633655
s__Sphingopyxis sp000756385
s__B3-TA06 sp023128825
s__Planococcus soli_A
s__Vibrio algicola
s__Cloacimonas sp023230245
s__Psychrobacter sp002377945
s__Roseivirga ehrenbergii
s__SIG447 sp017442155
s__Tenacibaculum sp947504135
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001282135
s__Pelagibacter sp014653605
s__Scatocola sp944391515
s__UBA3439 sp003282865
s__Micromonospora humi
s__GCA-2862225 sp002862225
s__Akkermansia muciniphila_E
s__Caccovivens sp944350225
s__Flavobacterium profundi
s__UMGS1071 sp934454125
s__Thiomonas sp021825505
s__Paracoccus sp007096355
s__Desulfotomaculum hydrothermale
s__MED-G82 sp002172535
s__Mariniblastus sp024225195
s__CALUVH01 sp944323875
s__CAIMFV01 sp903874895
s__RF16 sp934667275
s__Halothiobacillus sp028710545
s__DSXH01 sp020061355
s__Bradyrhizobium sp028128955
s__RUG612 sp902782805
s__Microbacterium sp913774845
s__Sodaliphilus sp902782545
s__GCA-2401735 sp913009235
s__JACPNS01 sp016185345
s__Deferrimicrobium sp001873935
s__Occallatibacter sp021846985
s__Xenophilus sp900156165
s__CAG-791 sp002390025
s__Bullifex sp944390045
s__Evtepia sp017435425
s__Variovorax sp003014875
s__CAG-115 sp934466475
s__Scatomorpha sp944387285
s__UBA1217 sp002309335
s__UBA2385 sp002343455
s__Ereboglobus sp029504735
s__Polaribacter sp020631275
s__Actinomyces procaprae
s__JAIXTH01 sp027484265
s__Clostridium_W aceticum
s__Nannocystis exedens
s__JAGZMM01 sp946491705
s__JAHJAA01 sp018814305
s__Hahella sp004135205
s__Sphingomicrobium arenae
s__Mycobacterium saskatchewanense
s__HGM04593 sp017407905
s__Methylotenera_A versatilis_B
s__Marinobacter sp030546935
s__UBA9320 sp913054375
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_S
s__CAIUKX01 sp947449575
s__UBA1177 sp017405875
s__Pseudohongiella sp021729085
s__Prevotella sp017959365
s__JAJRTA01 sp023132995
s__Xanthobacter agilis
s__Extibacter sp001185345
s__Lentibacillus subterraneus
s__SXXZ01 sp903854475
s__Collinsella sp900554645
s__SCRT01 sp004298465
s__UBA9973 sp018062425
s__2-01-FULL-43-22 sp001794435
s__Lactobacillus sp029392095
s__Lepagella sp029070945
s__F23-D06 sp946186495
s__JAAWBF01 sp022792555
s__JACKOD01 sp024234505
s__Brevibacterium senegalense
s__Chromobacterium sp002213445
s__UBA1611 sp002321855
s__GCA-2704625 sp002704625
s__Arthrobacter_D sp001428435
s__UBA6930 sp002450755
s__Zwartia sp030832095
s__JAAYLU01 sp012521675
s__Methylacidiphilum kamchatkense
s__Stieleria sp002167455
s__Synechococcus_B sp007571085
s__CAJMSU01 sp905216155
s__V9D3004 sp902493385
s__UBA1140 sp027038295
s__UBA3789 sp002369415
s__Neoroseomonas alkaliterrae
s__Luteimonas_D sp000472505
s__UMGS775 sp944363555
s__UBA6857 sp016292455
s__Lactobacillus sp002417825
s__JAJZBZ01 sp021809235
s__Stercorousia sp944327275
s__Limosilactobacillus sp022482365
s__UBA4372 sp902768605
s__Faecalibacterium sp944385995
s__Leifsonia sp030433685
s__Fibrobacter sp017503015
s__CAJMNU01 sp905214855
s__UBA9926 sp905182155
s__Pseudoclavibacter_A caeni
s__Clostridium gallinarum
s__JADLCM01 sp019636695
s__Caccenecus sp944358135
s__Komagataeibacter diospyri
s__SIG499 sp015067715
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900582195
s__Lentibacter sp018500125
s__CAMCUA01 sp947470575
s__Campylobacter sp900319915
s__RAAP-2 sp003168075
s__UBA3207 sp002494205
s__RF16 sp946187695
s__S143-42 sp015489255
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp944386545
s__JABFSM01 sp902826755
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902773635
s__Paracoccus sphaerophysae
s__Rhodoglobus xinjiangensis
s__Corallococcus sp017309135
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902772695
s__Blautia sp958352855
s__Dietzia lutea
s__RGIG2774 sp944380845
s__JACQVA1 sp016178705
s__UBA3824 sp016286055
s__Haloactinopolyspora alba
s__UBA3282 sp023664455
s__NK4A144 sp017455525
s__Limnothrix sp002356215
s__Pseudanabaena sp002325645
s__Cupriavidus sp013361545
s__RUG099 sp946006945
s__UMGS1908 sp934747885
s__Stercorousia sp944325735
s__HKB214 sp018333395
s__M3007 sp016719895
s__Streptomyces jumonjinensis_A
s__Chania multitudinisentens
s__UBA6803 sp002452795
s__Cyanobium_A sp024345475
s__Simiduia agarivorans
s__Roseimaritima ulvae
s__Flavobacterium sp001027725
s__SLCK01 sp007124095
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903953985
s__Ga0077527 sp019744975
s__Duganella violaceicalia
s__Azophilus sp028821125
s__Amycolatopsis thermoflava
s__UBA4248 sp017441205
s__Magnetobacterium sp002753395
s__HTCC2150 sp000169395
s__Mycetocola_A zhadangensis
s__Williamsoniiplasma lucivorax
s__Paeniglutamicibacter sp001863355
s__JAGLBW01 sp011322515
s__UBA5518 sp903921135
s__UBA1361 sp002070905
s__AR37 sp003220345
s__Prevotella sp029054825
s__Borreliella finlandensis
s__Saccharicrinis fermentans
s__Sphingobacterium sp000747525
s__Methylocystis sp009921565
s__Microcella putealis
s__Flavobacterium sp903913315
s__Mycoplasmopsis_B agassizii
s__Caldilinea sp937128415
s__MEDG-81 sp902561325
s__JAAYCT01 sp012523365
s__Pedobacter cryoconitis_B
s__HyVt-477 sp015490895
s__Actinacidiphila sp030063355
s__B75T3L11 sp022562175
s__Roseovarius pelagicus
s__Gallaecimonas pentaromativorans
s__RF16 sp002308195
s__CAG-196 sp934757275
s__GWA2-73-35 sp016179875
s__Pedobacter sp913776185
s__OMIW01 sp900299205
s__SKYB132 sp025061735
s__UBA7328 sp002471345
s__Actinacidiphila sp009864915
s__RUG695 sp902797455
s__OLB11 sp947460795
s__UBA10119 sp001002135
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_E
s__RDXV01 sp004292695
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005887685
s__Udaeobacter sp003218885
s__UBA2862 sp902800625
s__VFMC01 sp020637235
s__Saccharimonas sp937975975
s__M50B96 sp018401015
s__Kallipyga gabonensis
s__Phocaeicola caecigallinarum_B
s__CAJLXD01 sp902494875
s__S146-30 sp015492875
s__Amphritea sp018067325
s__E26-bin7 sp004377365
s__HGM11377 sp934365195
s__Streptomyces purpureus
s__Nakamurella sp014303395
s__CAIUKX01 sp943326975
s__Hominicoprocola sp902783035
s__UBA1479 sp002706405
s__Collinsella sp900545995
s__Selenomonas sp916438625
s__Alistipes_A sp944326035
s__JAIBBG01 sp945869405
s__Chryseolinea sp023412765
s__Fuscovulum blasticum
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017427885
s__Tenuibacillus multivorans
s__Halomonas smyrnensis
s__Collinsella sp905215505
s__S012-128 sp026989215
s__Nitratireductor indicus
s__Egerieousia sp944325445
s__SDRW01 sp013333595
s__CAG-793 sp944391895
s__Nocardiopsis_C gilva
s__Merdousia sp015061945
s__Lutibacter litoralis
s__MFSY01 sp001785175
s__UBA1067 sp017389885
s__AAA536-G10 sp902543145
s__Pareuzebyella sediminis
s__JAADED01 sp015494775
s__Sulfuritalea sp903933395
s__Bifidobacterium commune
s__Prochlorothrix hollandica
s__Thermotomaculum sp015487755
s__UBA3207 sp902787955
s__Castellaniella caeni
s__Curvibacter sp903834975
s__JAJPZJ01 sp021204405
s__JAJYTV01 sp021806845
s__Rouxiella chamberiensis
s__Vibrio floridensis
s__CAMCVL01 sp945881985
s__Pullibacteroides sp944321885
s__CAG-448 sp904502015
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_N
s__UM-FILTER-41-35 sp002791275
s__Porcincola sp902767065
s__JAQCHP01 sp027619595
s__WRNU01 sp031265765
s__CAJGCS01 sp904501965
s__Micromonospora craniellae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905234485
s__PFJX01 sp002281555
s__Vibrio gangliei
s__UBA4416 sp021155905
s__Helicobacter_F sp003364115
s__Luteimonas_D terricola
s__Saccharimonas sp937959535
s__Gp1-AA145 sp019241535
s__GCA-2748055 sp023138875
s__SCN-69-37 sp001724025
s__Acidithrix sp021785005
s__RUG11462 sp934476085
s__Paramuribaculum sp958439725
s__UBA1426 sp022706625
s__JAJTFW01 sp017995075
s__JAJUGG01 sp029268285
s__Pelosinus baikalensis
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp000385055
s__UBA9959 sp001799615
s__F23-D06 sp016282395
s__UBA2982 sp002347035
s__QAMH01 sp949879855
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947373605
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_C
s__Clostridium_I arbusti
s__RGIG1864 sp017408205
s__Pelagibacter sp902631595
s__Modestobacter muralis
s__JAMDCU01 sp023381515
s__Rhodoluna sp947452235
s__Nostoc_B spongiaeforme
s__Polynucleobacter sp030297675
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947373775
s__Brevundimonas sp019748095
s__Sphingomonas insulae
s__RUG841 sp934754855
s__Halothiobacillus sp024636015
s__Collinsella sp900554155
s__Filimonas lacunae
s__Sabulitectum sp023139045
s__Pelagibacter sp003282985
s__WMHbin7 sp002753155
s__GCA-2708415 sp009995595
s__Pelagibacter sp902567435
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017480345
s__Tullyiplasma syrphidae
s__DUQW01 sp012515785
s__Aquimarina sp947489195
s__Stieleria baltica_A
s__GCA-002715885 sp014239655
s__Streptococcus sp905221065
s__Agromyces fucosus
s__Enterousia sp900321105
s__Coprosoma sp934129885
s__Butyrivibrio sp017535945
s__Barnesiella_A sp904502265
s__Leucobacter luti
s__UBA3495 sp002724585
s__Microcoleus sp003542015
s__Limivicinus sp002350825
s__Vibrio metoecus_B
s__Tidjanibacter sp017379955
s__Sphingomonas sp900109205
s__Tidjanibacter sp944326085
s__Akkermansia sp017415555
s__M0103 sp947453795
s__Okeania sp010672585
s__Pseudoroseomonas haemaphysalidis
s__UBA4572 sp021801345
s__Caulobacter sp003060965
s__SKTG01 sp007120485
s__Oleiagrimonas soli
s__Escherichia coli_E
s__WTXA01 sp009773805
s__Aquella sp903891375
s__Sphingosinicella sp019454625
s__Selenomonas_B sp017635515
s__PNON01 sp903828565
s__Tabrizicola_A sp016869835
s__JALNZU01 sp024709145
s__Nocardioides albus
s__Gemmatimonas sp016741895
s__Collinsella sp900553345
s__Firm-04 sp024695445
s__Duodenibacillus sp944388865
s__Nitrosomonas eutropha_B
s__CAG-710 sp934141245
s__Persephonella sp027058925
s__Ch104c sp013426185
s__Allorhizobium selenitireducens
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002304225
s__Akkermansia sp017504805
s__Akkermansia sp015061985
s__PLanc-01 sp012744475
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp005787345
s__UBA737 sp934445035
s__Bog-1181 sp003159495
s__Thermoclostridium_A sp001512555
s__Bacteroides sp944322335
s__Bacteroides sp945879145
s__Parapedobacter luteus
s__UBA1221 sp944325075
s__Ruminococcus sp001604035
s__Desulfatibia profunda
s__SURF-57 sp013360865
s__Streptomyces marianii
s__Novosphingobium clariflavum
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris_D
s__JAQICB01 sp012519815
s__Pseudoroseomonas marmotae
s__Streptomyces fragilis
s__Avoscillospira_A sp019422005
s__WJKZ01 sp014728785
s__M0027 sp021713295
s__Aquella sp020697025
s__Coproplasma sp944346655
s__Halioglobus sp002862985
s__Neisseria sp916438535
s__UMGS1491 sp944380895
s__Methylobacterium soli
s__Macondimonas sp002862435
s__Acetatifactor sp949840915
s__Lysobacter_C concretionis
s__ER46 sp005792355
s__Marinilactibacillus piezotolerans
s__Ruminococcus_E sp945949625
s__UMGS172 sp904501685
s__UBA8515 sp903834665
s__Hanamia sp025933775
s__JAJTFW01 sp016713925
s__JABEUT01 sp021823405
s__01-FULL-45-10b sp001804205
s__UBA10906 sp903834465
s__Onthoplasma sp944384465
s__Bellilinea caldifistulae
s__Suilimivivens sp029054245
s__Collinsella sp934667065
s__Lachnoclostridium sp905192625
s__Lacticaseibacillus camelliae
s__Ligilactobacillus sp944326135
s__CAG-605 sp934095865
s__Balneola sp001650905
s__Lepagella sp947177405
s__Cyanobium sp016882315
s__Kosakonia sacchari_B
s__Labrys okinawensis
s__Paracoccus fistulariae
s__CAG-115 sp022766825
s__CAIURC01 sp028293625
s__Collinsella sp905214105
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900313865
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp945859825
s__JAMCZK01 sp021463845
s__Sphingomicrobium astaxanthinifaciens
s__COE1 sp017436865
s__TMED6 sp002167465
s__Synechococcus elongatus_A
s__UBA4722 sp021323555
s__Selenomonas_C sp022771645
s__UBA9973 sp018813625
s__CALUPY01 sp944326475
s__Flavobacterium celericrescens
s__JAHEZL01 sp945903925
s__Desulfobacula maris
s__CANHVK01 sp947458955
s__CANKJK01 sp947482665
s__CALRBT01 sp943354475
s__SFWF01 sp900769775
s__OLB19 sp002378195
s__CAG-269 sp944386715
s__Streptomyces sp016654115
s__JALQTG01 sp029254025
s__Scatosoma sp015055545
s__Methylobacter_A titanis
s__Micromonospora fulviviridis
s__2-12-FULL-65-11 sp001767495
s__Mycobacterium sphagni
s__RGIG8748 sp934481345
s__Rhodovulum tesquicola
s__Limnobacter thiooxidans
s__GCA-2722315 sp002722315
s__Bog-1198 sp003132425
s__CAZU01 sp944391415
s__BOG-234 sp903828455
s__N074bin45 sp913009915
s__JALTWS01 sp027048495
s__JAFLTL01 sp029051445
s__JACRCG01 sp028712075
s__Nitrospira_D nitrosa
s__W-Chloroflexi-9 sp027592645
s__JAJYOP01 sp021796115
s__Methylotenera sp005791685
s__Streptococcus mitis_BD
s__Clostridium_AT prolinivorans
s__CAIVAT01 sp903875045
s__UBA2913 sp900770895
s__Sulfitobacter sp013139555
s__UBA5195 sp005778035
s__Duganella lactea
s__Desulfosarcina sp030267325
s__Thalassotalea_F algicola
s__QGON01 sp016756835
s__Marinobacterium sediminicola
s__Numidum massiliense
s__REEB95 sp028866355
s__UBA1328 sp018650845
s__Citreicoccus inhibens
s__JAGLWV01 sp023133225
s__Limenecus sp944322855
s__Actinomyces oris_D
s__Allorhizobium sp019459145
s__Limnohabitans sp009919175
s__Niveibacterium microcysteis
s__Saccharopolyspora antimicrobica
s__Aquella sp947441745
s__Pseudomonas_E sp013386825
s__CALVVX01 sp944368815
s__RUG806 sp015066205
s__Polaromonas sp947378785
s__MPNP01 sp002239085
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007126715
s__CAG-245 sp945946655
s__JAGLYV01 sp023131975
s__UBA6024 sp013824715
s__Roseiarcus sp021777795
s__RUG11257 sp016290415
s__GWE2-39-37 sp000995135
s__Dokdonella_A fugitiva_A
s__Endomicrobium sp009781315
s__Roseburia sp934317215
s__Enterousia sp902762295
s__Leptospira_B langatensis
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902627325
s__UBA2255 sp002347565
s__Devosia_A sp027487555
s__Thalassospira marina
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018398895
s__Avelusimicrobium sp900315845
s__C7867-001 sp021812955
s__Telluria sp014842025
s__MGBC162267 sp948552115
s__Streptomyces katrae
s__Butyribacter sp002493085
s__RF16 sp017478035
s__Huintestinicola sp001941135
s__SIG204 sp934162195
s__Winogradskyella flava
s__GCA-2717565 sp002717565
s__Neisseria dentiae_A
s__Companilactobacillus metriopterae
s__Sodaliphilus sp900314215
s__MSPOR6 sp021295735
s__Chamaesiphon sp949127675
s__Pelovirga sp018399135
s__Tagaea sp027490975
s__Nitrobium versatile
s__Magnetomorum sp002753725
s__Enterococcus quebecensis
s__Psychroserpens luteus
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_T
s__J119 sp015491145
s__Arenibacter sp003201775
s__WARW01 sp017991615
s__Faecimonas sp900548695
s__Kaustia mangrovi
s__UBA3637 sp017650375
s__Caproicibacterium sp022483045
s__Enterocloster sp900555045
s__UBA1258 sp946639085
s__Mailhella sp905187505
s__JAMCWA01 sp023475165
s__Rathayibacter sp009866655
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017442315
s__HRBIN24 sp025062275
s__Alteriqipengyuania sp009993635
s__JACPAJ01 sp016180865
s__Gp6-AA40 sp947478985
s__UWMA-0277 sp012960805
s__Pseudomonas jinjuensis
s__UBA1067 sp017525475
s__CAG-465 sp944383015
s__Aquirufa sp947464595
s__Paenibacillus_Z baekrokdamisoli
s__Chryseobacterium sp029892225
s__UBA6256 sp002452295
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017481395
s__Vicingus sp020853105
s__UBA1737 sp900317575
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944383905
s__J25 sp004343725
s__Roseococcus suduntuyensis
s__AV40 sp003218705
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp018062445
s__Micromonospora sp003667505
s__Paramuribaculum sp947176205
s__Collinsella sp902492235
s__Clostridium_AH fallax
s__Microcella sp013823625
s__Caccovicinus sp030537215
s__Tenacibaculum singaporense
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017618815
s__Thiohalobacter thiocyanaticus_A
s__JAOUMU01 sp029879765
s__Aidingimonas halophila
s__Paenibacillus_A senegalimassiliensis
s__UBA10677 sp017623435
s__Rhodoluna sp009927245
s__BACL27 sp014190055
s__2-12-FULL-40-10 sp001784725
s__JACNJF01 sp014382695
s__Rectinema sp002070755
s__Thermobifida halotolerans
s__PYGY01 sp003554665
s__AU392 sp003443635
s__Giesbergeria sp001724785
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp004298115
s__SZUA-152 sp021647705
s__JAMWDI01 sp023818645
s__Aquimarina sp008370685
s__SIG672 sp017532425
s__BM523 sp002869425
s__Villigracilis sp023382595
s__UBA1952 sp018267625
s__RF16 sp002351925
s__Eperythrozoon_B haemofelis
s__Neisseria sp028776105
s__Micromonospora endolithica
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002277815
s__Carnobacterium_A sp001483965
s__UBA3855 sp947174085
s__Cellulomonas hominis_C
s__Salimicrobium humidisoli
s__DTU059 sp002376415
s__Palsa-1447 sp903887455
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944383745
s__Synoicihabitans sp021555095
s__Pseudochrobactrum sp021733665
s__Paenibacillus_Z artemisiicola
s__Aerococcus viridans_B
s__Ureaplasma sp947177385
s__Chordicoccus sp022647575
s__Bulleidia sp900315225
s__Collinsella sp900550595
s__JAJZWH01 sp021811685
s__CAJCBL01 sp903960515
s__Polaromonas sp947457975
s__Gordonia araii
s__Sulfurimonas sp027038255
s__2-02-FULL-66-22 sp016208645
s__JAGPDM01 sp018057585
s__MADRE3 sp004796425
s__JACDAF01 sp013695575
s__Gordonia polyisoprenivorans_A
s__Nitratifractor sp027080995
s__Enteromonas sp934699525
s__GCA-2726245 sp020638995
s__Ga0077553 sp945900935
s__Pseudoclavibacter_C chungangensis
s__Limosilactobacillus sp945873395
s__SAR86A sp902586925
s__Ferrimonas balearica_A
s__Haloactinopolyspora sp021793295
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp019245555
s__Methylobacterium sp022829295
s__AC2028 sp946531495
s__SIG200 sp944372545
s__Nanosynbacter sp024330325
s__Mucilaginibacter sp913775265
s__UBA1535 sp002396645
s__Palsa-89 sp030039005
s__Palsa-343 sp003166955
s__Limnohabitans sp947451285
s__CALRGT01 sp943358095
s__Sodaliphilus sp016281825
s__Jannaschia sp947494055
s__PMP191F sp001302245
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900573885
s__UBA5500 sp012727835
s__Lapidilactobacillus concavus
s__MEDG-81 sp003279605
s__UBA9628 sp003452935
s__Sphingopyxis sp001468285
s__Desulfovibrio sp031284485
s__Lepagella sp947178245
s__Caccovivens sp944364445
s__Anaerococcus rubeinfantis
s__WMHbin7 sp016215555
s__GCA-2718815 sp002726515
s__Villigracilis sp017985935
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017517605
s__Prevotella sp945830345
s__Aeromicrobium phoceense
s__Anaerotardibacter sp905215035
s__Paenibacillus_A rubinfantis
s__UMGS1477 sp944325065
s__UBA2834 sp017524405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp022648685
s__Allopseudarcicella aurantiipilula
s__Limnohabitans_A sp009693505
s__UBA9732 sp003456855
s__Amycolatopsis sp002849735
s__Granulibacter bethesdensis_B
s__CAG-269 sp934141555
s__JAJDFX01 sp002441315
s__VGCI01 sp021323455
s__Versatilivorator sp028875135
s__Chersky-822 sp030045175
s__UBA1711 sp017439185
s__Mucilaginibacter polytrichastri
s__Thiopseudomonas sp012800475
s__JABMPR01 sp016784545
s__Nocardia mangyaensis
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063335
s__Profundibacter sp015488685
s__Bin76 sp028823995
s__UBA5499 sp002426275
s__UBA2126 sp913009735
s__JACROW01 sp016214245
s__Swaminathania salitolerans
s__Coprosoma sp944329375
s__Geomobilimonas sp021848385
s__Giesbergeria suum
s__Collinsella sp900556705
s__Ignavibacterium sp937942875
s__Fumia sp902493155
s__Limenecus sp944326115
s__UBA12454 sp001825665
s__RAAP-2 sp021793395
s__RBG-1 sp000447245
s__Butyrivibrio sp015056565
s__Nostoc_B sp014697475
s__UBA7862 sp944383405
s__Nevskia sp021732745
s__Peptoniphilus_A faecalis
s__Gemmobacter aquaticus
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp944388385
s__Aequorivita antarctica
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017634475
s__O2-01-FULL-39-8 sp001789355
s__Collinsella sp905216045
s__Nonlabens ulvanivorans_A
s__QQUK01 sp913009765
s__UBA9848 sp902797395
s__M0040 sp029859485
s__JAKEFD01 sp022616245
s__LD21 sp030692905
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947428935
s__Serratia_A sp000633355
s__GCA-2753275 sp002753275
s__Hymenobacter latericoloratus
s__RSA9 sp003242735
s__CALXJE01 sp028686615
s__JAIBJP01 sp025935275
s__Collinsella sp900545555
s__JAHBXL01 sp019636495
s__Collinsella sp900552755
s__Burkholderia mesacidophila
s__JADGDA01 sp015228695
s__Clavibacter tessellarius_A
s__Nitrospira_D sp902500705
s__Chitinophaga oryzae
s__Rubrivivax sp001724995
s__Nitrospira_D sp022226955
s__Collinsella sp900547285
s__RPQJ01 sp016704655
s__Ramlibacter sp947476285
s__GWF2-33-9 sp020720105
s__Psychrobacter sp014861395
s__Pantoea conspicua
s__Ferruginibacter sp002352045
s__JADJEI01 sp016709155
s__HGM11525 sp944391635
s__Oceanobacillus polygoni
s__RGIG1987 sp017633835
s__Actinomyces slackii
s__JAKQHR01 sp029557905
s__Collinsella sp900552705
s__Limnohabitans curvus
s__Capnocytophaga sp905372595
s__QWQI01 sp945872325
s__Scatenecus sp949297715
s__RGIG8775 sp904502055
s__Psychrobacter sp030457785
s__Hugonella sp022644775
s__Nocardia vermiculata
s__UBA2979 sp002701625
s__Pontibacterium sinense
s__Collinsella sp900758845
s__Haemophilus_D sp001815355
s__Chitinophaga vietnamensis
s__Xanthomonas_A sp001043115
s__Fimenecus sp944380765
s__Fangia hongkongensis
s__FB2012 sp902797485
s__Pseudooceanicola sediminis
s__TMED161 sp002703645
s__Anaeroplasma sp016282815
s__Arthrobacter sp000374925
s__Sulfidibacterium sp027022105
s__JABMMZ01 sp903953615
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017420185
s__T3SED10-7 sp007126465
s__EhC02 sp030758115
s__Arthrobacter sp002929755
s__TMED112 sp002683115
s__Ponticaulis sp002699325
s__Telluria sp020176695
s__UMGS1865 sp017379815
s__Leptotrichia sp013394795
s__Mesorhizobium sp013170805
s__MED-G78 sp902514105
s__Corynebacterium sp022345965
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017420535
s__WLMZ01 sp026393695
s__Polaribacter vadi
s__Luteibacter rhizovicinus
s__JAKBAT01 sp028866015
s__Luteimicrobium xylanilyticum
s__AG25 sp003221005
s__JACKGL01 sp020631955
s__Paracoccus denitrificans_A
s__UBA3282 sp023664485
s__CALUOB01 sp944322175
s__V9D3004 sp934437985
s__Mesorhizobium temperatum
s__WTBG01 sp013139225
s__WGBN01 sp026989035
s__Pelagibacter sp902558815
s__Macromonas bipunctata
s__E44-bin26 sp004376075
s__Slackia heliotrinireducens
s__Anaerocolumna jejuensis
s__GCA-2746365 sp913065105
s__JAEXAX01 sp023458035
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947493955
s__VAYN01 sp018268575
s__BOKC01 sp016860785
s__CAISTG01 sp002068915
s__Occallatibacter sp003142935
s__Nocardioides sp000519005
s__Pelagibacter sp003278805
s__UBA1217 sp017517715
s__Onthousia sp944358305
s__Anaerotruncus sp902490045
s__Microbulbifer hydrolyticus
s__Rhizomicrobium sp019245415
s__Daejeonella schmidteae_B
s__Fibrobacter sp003149045
s__Sediminibacterium sp005800655
s__Homoserinimonas sp008001035
s__Fen-1077 sp003141235
s__DRJJ01 sp011052255
s__Saccharofermentans sp017615325
s__Lactococcus protaetiae
s__RAAP-2 sp021795095
s__IDS-52 sp018678395
s__MFZZ01 sp001789555
s__UBA3631 sp021152765
s__UBA8592 sp913046155
s__Bact-11 sp017447265
s__Desulfamplus sp015231705
s__Shewanella yunxiaonensis
s__Senegalimassilia sp934630535
s__M3007 sp947459365
s__Companilactobacillus musae
s__DAHUXN01 sp027307115
s__UBA952 sp945860455
s__JAKIUY01 sp021647315
s__Acetatifactor sp904501885
s__JAKQUI01 sp029562645
s__UBA1259 sp902767225
s__UBA11606 sp002729125
s__JAKVJE01 sp022487185
s__SURF-24 sp003599415
s__Bog-473 sp003169235
s__JACIZP01 sp024655945
s__Faecousia sp944387635
s__Palsa-465 sp021851525
s__SLCC01 sp007126035
s__JAHJJF01 sp018823135
s__Thermolongibacillus altinsuensis
s__UBA1712 sp024694055
s__UBA2386 sp002343845
s__Geosporobacter ferrireducens
s__Phytobacter palmae
s__Enteromonas sp902773005
s__DAIDGS01 sp027459845
s__Limnohabitans sp002778325
s__JAICEH01 sp025924275
s__Halomonas sp003202205
s__Aliibacillus thermotolerans
s__Aeromicrobium chenweiae
s__JAKAOD01 sp021823365
s__JAAYPI01 sp017986765
s__Acinetobacter shaoyimingii
s__Shewanella sp022398425
s__JAUCGF01 sp030378005
s__PFL25 sp020346705
s__AG-337-I02 sp902593125
s__SLRW01 sp007130745
s__SCKK01 sp004124475
s__DTU069 sp012730095
s__JANWHV01 sp028287725
s__Hominicoprocola sp002405995
s__Methylomirabilis oxygeniifera
s__UBA1712 sp902783735
s__RGIG1752 sp934101595
s__Peribacillus psychrosaccharolyticus
s__Roseburia sp934320555
s__Luminiphilus sp902623175
s__DRLX01 sp015493715
s__CALSNA01 sp943787595
s__Polaribacter_A sp023254055
s__JACQLN01 sp943359335
s__JAGMBO01 sp023129715
s__Acinetobacter sp900771065
s__JAAYML01 sp012521395
s__Collinsella sp900553165
s__Alloclostridium sp944381275
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_D
s__2-01-FULL-64-13 sp001800095
s__Coproplasma sp947174975
s__Sphingobacterium alkalisoli
s__Lancefieldella sp916720015
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023392075
s__UMGS1387 sp934446675
s__CAMDTE01 sp947464785
s__Billgrantia tianxiuensis
s__Pseudemcibacter aquimaris
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BF
s__JAQGLK01 sp028289965
s__Leadbetterella sp002483125
s__Pristimantibacillus sp004345425
s__Collinsella sp958445895
s__TMED167 sp002170915
s__Caulobacter sp004144935
s__Collinsella sp900550355
s__Halobacillus halophilus
s__CAG-267 sp904501925
s__UWMA-0217 sp012961935
s__Halorhodospira halophila
s__IB182353 sp014773435
s__Enterococcus_I avicola
s__JAJZHR01 sp021810815
s__Prevotella sp902774925
s__MWCF01 sp002069855
s__RGIG4608 sp017531925
s__Eubacterium_F sp905212635
s__CALWRD01 sp944383875
s__DTU089 sp001513045
s__NHYM01 sp947176375
s__Leptospira_A yanagawae
s__Fluviicola sp017983675
s__RAAP-2 sp903828785
s__Sphingobium sp918741285
s__Cryobacterium breve
s__Huintestinicola sp947174365
s__Chelatococcus sp930633525
s__Georgenia thermotolerans
s__CALUVH01 sp944323045
s__Collinsella sp900556415
s__Palsa-465 sp019247075
s__UBA8231 sp003529325
s__Sphingobacterium sp002418355
s__Oceanihabitans sp018860825
s__Eudoraea adriatica
s__Nitratiruptor sp015494505
s__Thermophilibacter avicola
s__Sodaliphilus sp002395965
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024970185
s__Plantibacter flavus
s__UBA1238 sp002309015
s__CANJLN01 sp027328625
s__Palsa-461 sp027315315
s__Planctopirus sp027483405
s__Streptococcus cuniculi_A
s__BMS3ABIN04 sp002898175
s__Rhodococcus jostii
s__PBB1 sp947451035
s__MWCU01 sp002070205
s__JAGOUN01 sp021208965
s__Collinsella sp900551655
s__Colwellia sp013215465
s__Anaerostipes sp900756035
s__CAG-1000 sp934095805
s__Enterousia sp017472065
s__JAHBUV01 sp019637915
s__Azonexus sp009779265
s__UBA3282 sp947178085
s__Treponema_D sp014334325
s__Aeromicrobium massiliense
s__CAG-269 sp944387495
s__S010-25 sp015488885
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016650635
s__Pontibacter lucknowensis
s__VXNF01 sp026706565
s__JAOUOC01 sp029880585
s__UBA7173 sp945931475
s__Rhodoluna sp945895375
s__Nannocystis sp026626745
s__Polaromonas sp000751355
s__UBA9145 sp016762995
s__Chryseobacterium sediminis
s__2-01-FULL-43-22 sp001795615
s__Sphingomonas sp001421965
s__Halopseudomonas xinjiangensis_A
s__JAIXUI01 sp027484125
s__Brevundimonas diminuta_C
s__Arctic95D-9 sp913058215
s__JAKISE01 sp021648745
s__C7867-001 sp002255585
s__Pusillimonas_C harenae
s__HRBIN16 sp025057335
s__RUG033 sp900314665
s__JALSRD01 sp027061725
s__JAKSBV01 sp022360955
s__UBA964 sp016874235
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017625405
s__Glutamicibacter sp900094805
s__Treponema_D sp004554075
s__Pseudovibrio sp947496145
s__Prochlorococcus_B marinus_A
s__Calditerricola satsumensis
s__Arthrobacter scleromae
s__Mycobacterium sp001954195
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023074035
s__Winogradskyella marina
s__CAIKOH01 sp903829075
s__Fimenecus sp944384995
s__JACJYC01 sp020636325
s__Paracoccus jeotgali
s__UBA6192 sp018816765
s__UMGS1696 sp902783705
s__Mesoplasma melaleucae
s__UBA3439 sp027620495
s__Salinicola acroporae
s__Arthrobacter_D sp029257465
s__HIMB114 sp022763425
s__Cerasicoccus arenae
s__Dialister sp900547785
s__UM-FILTER-34-12 sp023380935
s__UBA4124 sp018060905
s__PRS1 sp023141985
s__NORP36 sp013215915
s__CAG-238 sp016302545
s__CALKIU01 sp937995745
s__Glaciimonas immobilis
s__Pseudaquidulcibacter sp009773395
s__Janthinobacterium sp014200675
s__XYB2-FULL-45-9 sp018822365
s__Roseburia_C sp029071325
s__Dokdonia sp000212355
s__SOIA01 sp029882525
s__CALUVN01 sp944322945
s__Sedimenticola selenatireducens_A
s__CAG-313 sp944326155
s__JAFGMC01 sp016927735
s__PXAH01 sp021735045
s__Saccharimonas sp905372275
s__MB11C04 sp002713685
s__Maribacter_C algarum
s__Treponema_B denticola_D
s__UBA5609 sp002428485
s__Pelagibacter sp902597265
s__SHZI01 sp024234935
s__Eisenbergiella sp900548905
s__Rhodoferax sp003133245
s__Metabacillus litoralis_A
s__CAG-269 sp944386685
s__UBA3103 sp002365855
s__Sphingomonas pseudosanguinis
s__Flavobacterium subsaxonicum
s__Actinomyces gerencseriae
s__UBA1213 sp900316925
s__Cycloclasticus sp012960055
s__Enterousia sp900320405
s__JACCQS01 sp013812385
s__Paramuribaculum sp900759835
s__UBA3920 sp002386065
s__Sandaracinobacteroides sp020693225
s__Faecousia sp934589525
s__CAAGNP01 sp900771335
s__Fen-1135 sp003142635
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947466965
s__Pseudothioglobus sp905618925
s__HGM13006 sp934512135
s__Salipiger sp018860705
s__Corynebacterium caspium
s__Paraburkholderia phymatum
s__Helicobacter_H sp900199585
s__Devosia sp023391095
s__UBA3439 sp016778895
s__Oceanimonas smirnovii
s__NORP309 sp020442665
s__Lawsonibacter sp022795855
s__Corynebacterium senegalense
s__Pantoea sp013385945
s__JAJZWG01 sp021778165
s__Scatosoma sp002474405
s__JAKAUM01 sp021827685
s__Paludibacterium paludis
s__Ga0077548 sp001464215
s__Occallatibacter sp021779695
s__GCA-002840015 sp030681035
s__Actinacidiphila rubida
s__Acetatifactor sp022797535
s__UBA3789 sp902788735
s__Gallionella sp028688275
s__FD2005 sp017418645
s__Bradyrhizobium sp015291645
s__RF16 sp017483945
s__UBA1309 sp002307185
s__Hanamia sp025933935
s__UBA8366 sp002722095
s__B16T1B5 sp022573095
s__Ga0077560 sp020636905
s__C7867-001 sp018062765
s__Neofamilia sp012513395
s__UBA7985 sp002705565
s__Margalitia camelliae
s__Sulfurimonas sp027013295
s__UBA4421 sp002450255
s__Psychrobacter urativorans_C
s__Occallatibacter sp031296305
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009908285
s__Microbacterium ureisolvens
s__Pedobacter_A sp946887045
s__CAG-115 sp004554555
s__CAZU01 sp902763535
s__UBA3305 sp021202465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326385
s__H2-BAC3 sp020848375
s__Sphingopyxis sp001278035
s__UBA4720 sp955652635
s__JAGUWZ01 sp020062065
s__RUG369 sp934725735
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii_L
s__UBA8828 sp903957465
s__JAGLIF01 sp023143095
s__CAG-448 sp017621695
s__Marivita sp030148515
s__UBA1407 sp002305655
s__OXYB2-FULL-48-7 sp018816525
s__JALGTD01 sp029821515
s__JAFDGZ01 sp019309045
s__UBA6049 sp913045895
s__Minwuia thermotolerans_A
s__Pseudactinotalea caeni
s__Allorhizobium terrae
s__S145-42 sp015493225
s__PEUE01 sp002780785
s__UBA7050 sp947176965
s__Flagellimonas sp010993815
s__JAJZWH01 sp027365775
s__UBA2174 sp002327445
s__UBA2284 sp003605085
s__JAEDEU01 sp016293155
s__Aquirickettsiella grylli
s__Flavobacterium sp017875765
s__JAQBQB01 sp025928335
s__UBA1206 sp002305335
s__UBA737 sp017431035
s__Venenivibrio stagnispumantis
s__Pelobium sp004293485
s__Ventricola sp017626895
s__Gillisia flava
s__Pristimantibacillus sp001682865
s__Acinetobacter bereziniae_A
s__Bulleidia sp017459725
s__TMED54 sp002691795
s__Bradyrhizobium viridifuturi
s__Pontivivens insulae
s__Draconibacterium orientale
s__Collinsella sp900541195
s__Vreelandella sulfidaeris
s__Pseudothioglobus sp029247465
s__B1SED10-225 sp003551405
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AD
s__CANJDH01 sp947473125
s__Rhizobium sp024721175
s__UBA2174 sp028700185
s__SCGC-AAA003-L08 sp002701525
s__Acinetobacter lanii
s__B3T1B10 sp022562295
s__CASPLG01 sp949422855
s__Chryseobacterium sp020991435
s__Cardinium hertigii_A
s__UBA9959 sp021786295
s__JACQFL01 sp016200085
s__JAHIZJ01 sp018814765
s__Rubrobacter_F sp016781635
s__Aquimarina sp947489685
s__JAHBVY01 sp019637265
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_B
s__UBA6857 sp017434855
s__JAKASO01 sp021818985
s__Herminiimonas fonticola
s__Flavobacterium araucananum
s__UBA11549 sp021639925
s__Pelagibacter sp003282945
s__Cocleimonas sp021647365
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389055
s__Streptomyces diacarni
s__JAFAZJ01 sp019635875
s__UBA1934 sp002068855
s__PALSA-1336 sp021847435
s__CAG-873 sp017624155
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947451995
s__Microvirga aerophila
s__Methyloprofundus sp913009515
s__UBA724 sp902536935
s__AG41 sp003221045
s__JAFGUZ01 sp016938275
s__Pelagibacter sp902615425
s__Paludibacterium sp019232825
s__CAIYYT01 sp903903945
s__JdFR-54 sp002011475
s__UBA1183 sp934691225
s__Pelagibacter sp902571055
s__F1-120-MAGs055 sp005772765
s__Dulcicalothrix sp019977735
s__Holospora undulata_A
s__Microbacterium keratanolyticum
s__PALSA-1003 sp005883655
s__Paracandidimonas soli
s__Pelagibacter sp902628495
s__Sinimarinibacterium flocculans
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp020636495
s__UBA1711 sp937886715
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902515155
s__JADFIA01 sp022566895
s__Akkermansia sp904502165
s__Palsa-1233 sp016720805
s__Brevibacterium sp031179145
s__GWA1-44-25 sp001778635
s__JAJXSS01 sp021784455
s__Azospirillum ramasamyi
s__UBA1259 sp905235765
s__Alteriqipengyuania sp018636735
s__Quinella sp947165295
s__Bacteroides sp022648295
s__Wolbachia sp020278625
s__Pseudolachnospira sp022867805
s__CAIYOY01 sp903927905
s__JACJWR01 sp020637055
s__Malaciobacter_A pacificus
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001269925
s__KatS3mg098 sp025999395
s__Litorimonas sp947503715
s__Xanthomonas bromi
s__Novosphingobium sp018334165
s__JAJXXS01 sp021849595
s__Pelagisphaera sp002420185
s__Huintestinicola sp018110985
s__Avilachnospira sp017388745
s__JAJZBP01 sp021798855
s__Mogibacterium neglectum
s__Agrococcus jejuensis_A
s__RUG11198 sp934148535
s__Acerihabitans ligni
s__CAIOGM01 sp903902345
s__Mycobacterium triviale
s__Chromobacterium aquaticum
s__Marinobacter sp004353225
s__Halomonas halodenitrificans
s__Arenimonas sp001724815
s__Mucispirillum sp947177675
s__PETJ01 sp002781125
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_E
s__RYZV01 sp004011965
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp002708935
s__Aristaeella sp900316415
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029840925
s__Opimibacter skivensis
s__Faecousia sp944382965
s__GCA-002787375 sp002778965
s__Thiopseudomonas denitrificans
s__Novosphingobium sp903834285
s__Edaphocola sp001897525
s__Luteibacter flocculans
s__Pelagibacter sp902519625
s__Tidjanibacter sp017503465
s__JAUYAR01 sp030693415
s__Cyanobium_A sp027620015
s__AAA536-G10 sp902529515
s__RUG563 sp934667105
s__UBA2589 sp030827315
s__UBA1096 sp030747575
s__Microbacterium sp024623565
s__GCA-002707905 sp002707905
s__Limiplasma sp944349545
s__Bifidobacterium miconisargentati
s__Paenibacillus_AN cymbidii
s__Lacrimispora sp002478865
s__C7867-002 sp903902315
s__Marinagarivorans sp938048505
s__Leptotrichia sp002240055
s__BMS3BBIN02 sp002898115
s__Treponema_C lecithinolyticum
s__Pelethenecus sp029067355
s__S139-71 sp015484985
s__Oceanobacter sp002723385
s__RGIG2000 sp017481595
s__Rhodoluna sp903853515
s__SIG430 sp902493665
s__UBA5209 sp002412645
s__Enterenecus sp003534045
s__Oleibacter maritimus
s__Nesterenkonia pannonica
s__UBA11236 sp947466585
s__JANLFN01 sp024655885
s__RUG760 sp902783575
s__Avilachnospira sp944382125
s__RUG666 sp944383355
s__Pelagibacter sp902531175
s__CAMYCP01 sp947254385
s__Silvanigrella sp027490595
s__Streptomyces sp008042155
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AD
s__Novosphingobium sp025351285
s__Solincola_B daggyaiensis
s__Propioniferax innocua
s__Flavobacterium flevense
s__UM-FILTER-48-10 sp002771615
s__Nesterenkonia haasae
s__HT1-32 sp009649675
s__RUG14109 sp944384865
s__JAGWAJ01 sp021296475
s__JAGDMK01 sp016707525
s__Collinsella sp902493895
s__RGIG1711 sp017416145
s__Geodermatophilus amargosae
s__Alcanivorax sp947258575
s__Rhodovulum imhoffii
s__UBA2100 sp002376945
s__JAGLIN01 sp023142975
s__Neolewinella agarilytica
s__HIMB59 sp902518505
s__UBA1359 sp002306385
s__Rhodoglobus sp020535405
s__HIMB59 sp902521485
s__CAJQHK01 sp905478165
s__Dietzia aerolata
s__Ancylobacter novellum_A
s__UBA737 sp904502215
s__UMGS1449 sp900551925
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp021821365
s__Roseovarius sp018066915
s__Alkalibacterium sp007692455
s__RUG306 sp900314085
s__Zag111 sp002405805
s__UMGS1663 sp949902805
s__UBA3830 sp017649895
s__Gimesia sp002706765
s__B3-TA06 sp014729665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326315
s__COE1 sp029068555
s__CALVJO01 sp944332075
s__TNE-4 sp027488155
s__Thermophilibacter immobilis
s__Frigoribacterium sp001423905
s__Caccenecus sp944358125
s__Huintestinicola sp028720105
s__JAALLB01 sp011087745
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_W
s__Enterousia sp944389465
s__Enterenecus sp029067025
s__JAJTFW01 sp016721435
s__Spyradenecus sp944389565
s__CALGXT01 sp938005705
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_W
s__FEB-25 sp003105035
s__ML8-F1 sp018399635
s__Nocardia sputorum
s__Megasphaera_A sp022649055
s__JADFXK01 sp015233285
s__Collinsella sp900552385
s__01-FULL-48-32b sp001773725
s__PALSA-926 sp021849295
s__JALSSX01 sp027008705
s__J051 sp003695835
s__Embleya scabrispora
s__Shinella curvata
s__Saccharofermentans sp024685385
s__Buttiauxella sp014189855
s__Collinsella sp900554585
s__Angelakisella sp904420255
s__Bacillus_AD massilioanorexius
s__Agitococcus sp030646715
s__Amphritea atlantica
s__Sphingomonas panni
s__Metasolibacillus sp025291715
s__Qipengyuania_B thermophila
s__Chryseobacterium oryzae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280995
s__RGIG5299 sp017504945
s__Halobacillus litoralis
s__Bog-105 sp019244945
s__Azoarcus_F taiwanensis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002901475
s__CAAFZY01 sp944391705
s__Luminiphilus sp902631395
s__JAKQWJ01 sp029562045
s__Pseudomonas_E sp005502935
s__JALOCB01 sp023227985
s__JASHUC01 sp030038645
s__Roseovarius carneus
s__JAGLQQ01 sp023136735
s__Photobacterium lutimaris
s__SDRW01 sp916438855
s__Winogradskyella pacifica
s__Sideroxyarcus sp902459525
s__PALSA-1444 sp017994195
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947452785
s__DFXE01 sp025996775
s__Fictibacillus sp004216955
s__OMSK01 sp934167935
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_U
s__Collinsella sp902469435
s__UBA2645_A sp009693885
s__Mycoavidus sp020023735
s__Amphiplicatus metriothermophilus
s__Limnohabitans sp013205525
s__Didemnitutus sp023701285
s__Pauljensenia sp021083645
s__Shouchella sp900197585
s__Aegiribacteria sp023138735
s__Nardonella dryophthoridicola
s__Chryseobacterium camelliae_A
s__Sphingobium sp020446425
s__UBA1206 sp017429165
s__Morganella morganii_E
s__Cypionkella sp027490955
s__JACQUS01 sp016210125
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903893715
s__Lacticaseibacillus sp016861825
s__SSSZ01 sp009469665
s__Clostridium_AR folliculivorans
s__UBA1213 sp902778175
s__Vibrio hepatarius
s__Aphodousia sp003543795
s__Roseburia_D sp900771955
s__Agathobacter sp017409825
s__Streptomyces sp003671715
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A gallinacea
s__Tsukamurella pseudospumae
s__Citrobacter arsenatis
s__Psychrobium sp002835545
s__Lactococcus_A plantarum_A
s__Varibaculum sp902468275
s__Aeromicrobium fastidiosum
s__Luteitalea sp020845575
s__Tsukamurella sp029167375
s__Pantoea cypripedii_A
s__SIG440 sp015068655
s__Collinsella sp900552295
s__CAJOIG01 sp934597255
s__Symbiobacterium thermophilum
s__HGM12713 sp900770605
s__Modestobacter roseus
s__Streptomyces netropsis
s__UBA4465 sp905182375
s__JAAUQI01 sp010671965
s__RACS-045 sp029060065
s__Agromyces aureus
s__UA16 sp938074325
s__Alkaliphilus_B oremlandii
s__UBA1941 sp018267365
s__RGIG7977 sp017417085
s__Microbacterium sp012847295
s__Hanamia sp017307735
s__B13-G4 sp014237365
s__JAFGNN01 sp018262985
s__Prevotella sp902784615
s__JASHPB01 sp030037595
s__Phytomonospora endophytica
s__UBA5368 sp002407865
s__Herbaspirillum lusitanum
s__JAEUOU01 sp016790575
s__S017-3 sp015488995
s__Caballeronia mineralivorans
s__Palsa-187 sp019261985
s__Erythrobacter sp947502395
s__SLDE01 sp014859545
s__SYAR01 sp005787525
s__Mogibacterium_A sp016775335
s__ULC077BIN1 sp949127665
s__Alistipes sp900769445
s__Duncaniella sp947176615
s__Sphingomonas sp002083475
s__Xanthomonas_A sp025666195
s__Firm-10 sp934636425
s__Lysobacter_B sp019551435
s__Actinoalloteichus fjordicus
s__Nonlabens dokdonensis
s__Metabacillus weihaiensis
s__UBA1067 sp945487985
s__SMWN01 sp003645215
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp000209465
s__Avimonoglobus intestinipullorum
s__Paludibaculum sp027324255
s__JAGMCL01 sp023129165
s__GCA-2718715 sp018662325
s__HGM05376 sp017561155
s__Bin80 sp026709065
s__JAQUCZ01 sp028685945
s__Bin65 sp002238725
s__Desulfosporosinus acididurans
s__Pelagibacter sp902595125
s__UMGS1663 sp947647275
s__RF16 sp902800215
s__UBA3282 sp947178125
s__C7867-001 sp021784875
s__Lentimonas sp003485085
s__WLXD01 sp012103255
s__Erwinia oleae
s__Labilithrix sp019637105
s__DAHUXY01 sp027315505
s__GCA-002728675 sp002728675
s__Planosporangium flavigriseum
s__T78 sp003499715
s__SGZJ01 sp913009535
s__TNE-4 sp019083985
s__RGIG3701 sp015062085
s__Phytoplasma oryzae
s__NK4A136 sp029062895
s__2-02-FULL-48-14 sp001787475
s__JAHJRN01 sp018830865
s__Victivallis sp944389895
s__UBA11872 sp026707585
s__Aphodousia sp017383055
s__CAISDV01 sp903884185
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp017856115
s__Bact-19 sp937982115
s__Nitrospira_D sp025936075
s__Bartonella tribocorum_B
s__C-114 sp015478725
s__Lentihominibacter sp910585135
s__Bradyrhizobium valentinum
s__UBA7434 sp002336035
s__Phocaeicola sp944320845
s__RGIG1743 sp017399105
s__QWOP01 sp945873085
s__Halomonas cupida
s__JAOUJM01 sp029883265
s__Lentzea atacamensis
s__UBA2227 sp002348095
s__CAG-196 sp944322845
s__JACKCC01 sp020634245
s__VFHL01 sp009392005
s__UBA2862 sp902799465
s__Ruminococcus sp947175655
s__Bacteroides sp947071285
s__Acinetobacter tibetensis
s__Thermus arciformis
s__VGOW01 sp016215145
s__UBA1711 sp018066145
s__RGIG6919 sp947175805
s__Aggregatibacter sp901873365
s__Coprococcus sp934277375
s__Leuconostoc mesenteroides_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902557215
s__Ruminococcus sp003488415
s__LS-NOB sp002454045
s__Collinsella sp934630855
s__JAAEQG01 sp023133475
s__JAQBQB01 sp025934775
s__Leptospirillum sp021829515
s__Pseudidiomarina mangrovi
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389015
s__Onthomonas sp021205455
s__UBA4082 sp002383355
s__COE1 sp947174615
s__Tetrasphaera_A jenkinsii
s__Chlorobaculum tepidum
s__DLKC01 sp002478885
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
s__ER46 sp945903465
s__Corynebacterium sp014267345
s__Chloroflexus sp025057175
s__Spirillospora syzygii
s__Kaistella salivictor
s__JAGREO01 sp020638465
s__Arcobacter sp002869535
s__Lepagella sp947176755
s__Zunongwangia sp027594425
s__Tolumonas sp028683735
s__JAMDCW01 sp023489405
s__Gallimonas sp944354085
s__Arthrobacter sp019977195
s__Paremcibacter sp023142175
s__MPNO01 sp028820505
s__CAJANQ01 sp903941145
s__JALNXV01 sp023230175
s__Sulfurimonas sp027063645
s__Arenibacter catalasegens
s__Kiloniella sp002162915
s__Loigolactobacillus bifermentans
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium azorense
s__WFRC01 sp015486685
s__Villigracilis sp016789365
s__Luteimonas_D padinae
s__Methylovulum sp028687615
s__CAIKUF01 sp023954175
s__Acidovorax sp001633105
s__JAEKNW01 sp016838885
s__CAMCWV01 sp945882915
s__Alkalihalophilus marmarensis
s__MPNO01 sp028821395
s__UBA3470 sp002709525
s__Arthrobacter_D antioxidans
s__Fen-1245 sp003157095
s__RACS-045 sp029067255
s__HIMB59 sp003281065
s__CAJXIC01 sp913054385
s__CAIRTT01 sp903924445
s__UBA1752 sp017629895
s__Ruegeria_B sp010500245
s__JADZAI01 sp016792565
s__Vreelandella sp023757625
s__BD1 sp003569365
s__JAKAWQ01 sp030041255
s__AC-67 sp005883175
s__Corynebacterium lowii
s__BM004 sp012974315
s__NAK19 sp003327455
s__Cyanobium sp903907855
s__DT-68 sp929200685
s__NIOZ-UU13 sp014384025
s__Vibrio sp000169995
s__UBA1561 sp001791745
s__Collinsella sp902364645
s__Caccenecus sp944327425
s__M30B73 sp945860545
s__CAG-238 sp934277655
s__Vibrio sp001874155
s__RGIG1902 sp944375715
s__Nitrosomonas sp015709615
s__DUPA01 sp012838515
s__Rubripirellula sp022425745
s__Sulfitobacter guttiformis
s__Pelagibacter sp902589455
s__JACOSX01 sp016178625
s__Brevibacillus reuszeri
s__Polynucleobacter sp947378095
s__Ventricola sp944363005
s__Eremococcus coleocola
s__GCA-003244245 sp019240665
s__PeH17 sp016288175
s__Blautia_A sp021771755
s__Thermophagus xiamenensis
s__Pseudomonas_S boreopolis
s__UBA9862 sp003444595
s__Mediterraneibacter sp934330165
s__Sneathiella chungangensis
s__Phenylobacterium sp019510435
s__Neobacillus cucumis_B
s__CALZBJ01 sp012513365
s__Collinsella sp900545835
s__Telluria sp014171595
s__Abzuiibacterium crystallinum
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903829015
s__JAFMDF01 sp937973995
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947425245
s__JANWZH01 sp025054755
s__HyVt-16 sp011043375
s__Flaviflexus massiliensis
s__Sphaerisporangium melleum
s__Lepagella sp029061225
s__Bombella mellum
s__Lactobacillus agrestimuris
s__Deinococcus murrayi
s__GCA-002697625 sp002697625
s__Sphingomonas sp000632225
s__Blautia_A sp934364795
s__Onthoplasma sp947384015
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031266185
s__Endozoicomonas sp027942505
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947476015
s__UBA11346 sp003482625
s__Azospirillum thiophilum
s__Epilithonimonas arachidiradicis
s__Paenibacillus_B sp022346885
s__Alistipes sp904502075
s__CAG-465 sp934132895
s__AqS3 sp001750645
s__DAOVRL01 sp023128595
s__Thalassotalea_A crassostreae
s__DRJH01 sp011052285
s__Legionella sp027437055
s__GCA-2726205 sp002726205
s__Bacteroides_I sp002307035
s__Yoonia sp023015625
s__AV40 sp003220055
s__C7867-005 sp001189165
s__Streptomyces sp018070565
s__UMGS1668 sp018110905
s__Kineothrix sp022781985
s__RUG14515 sp947165725
s__Intestinibacillus massiliensis
s__Deefgea salmonis
s__UBA737 sp900768035
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp014075215
s__Aquitalea aquatilis
s__Mesorhizobium defluvii
s__SXIP01 sp005772825
s__UBA11346 sp025055595
s__MED-G116 sp004212735
s__HGM08974 sp900766555
s__Chryseobacterium antibioticum
s__Collinsella sp900757615
s__JAGLSB01 sp023135955
s__CAKTXU01 sp902492455
s__RUG099 sp902776285
s__CAG-605 sp934090775
s__AG-337-I02 sp902570155
s__Gallimonas sp944340685
s__Nanopelagicus sp003569185
s__Maritalea porphyrae_A
s__Rhodanobacter sp018599185
s__CALUXS01 sp944323055
s__Aeromicrobium sp023146395
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp937871155
s__Novosphingobium pentaromativorans
s__JACOTS01 sp016178265
s__Benthicola sp013042495
s__Acetobacter sp017474285
s__Canibacter oris
s__Leptothoe sp938029995
s__UBA1740 sp944384515
s__JAMCPD01 sp023379935
s__JAGLHV01 sp023132075
s__JAFALY01 sp019233975
s__Eubacterium_F sp900319095
s__UMGS911 sp937934385
s__UBA2868 sp902779305
s__Agromyces luteolus
s__Novosphingobium sp004342985
s__Geothrix alkalitolerans
s__Comamonas testosteroni_H
s__4572-78 sp002084875
s__JAMDCX01 sp027366115
s__RGIG5299 sp016281405
s__Polaribacter sp016858305
s__Blautia_A sp021203365
s__CANGYH01 sp947458545
s__SHUZ01 sp945865605
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp947175195
s__JALSSV01 sp027010665
s__Moranella endobia
s__MIT-9215 sp949486985
s__Sulfurimonas gotlandica
s__Barnesiella sp944320015
s__Bin94 sp022823225
s__Tyzzerella sp944383305
s__Faecousia sp900769835
s__CACZYB01 sp944392955
s__UBA952 sp002478565
s__Romboutsia_E faecis
s__Treponema_G sp944389415
s__Onthocola_B sp934086815
s__Micromonospora andamanensis
s__CALGZD01 sp937934635
s__Lepagella sp947175295
s__Merdicola sp944389475
s__Emergencia sp900066695
s__Collinsella sp900542165
s__Rufibacter sediminis
s__Actinoplanes derwentensis
s__Gemmiger sp944388145
s__TMED112 sp902563885
s__Pseudohongiella sp947458495
s__CAIQQQ01 sp903873995
s__Rhodococcus sp022810405
s__Limnohabitans_A sp943327965
s__UM-FILTER-45-8 sp002781785
s__Eisenbergiella stercorigallinarum
s__RGIG1955 sp017400345
s__Anaeroplasma sp900767915
s__Sphaerimonospora mesophila
s__Vibrio pelagius
s__Paeniglutamicibacter terrestris
s__Porticoccus sp002746985
s__MarineAlpha5-Bin3 sp902577425
s__CAG-492 sp945917765
s__Peptoanaerobacter margaretiae
s__Atopomonas hussainii
s__Legionella sp002786205
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944390725
s__Cryobacterium psychrophilum
s__UBA2277 sp002347045
s__Synechococcus_C sp000153285
s__Macrococcus hajekii
s__Palsa-465 sp019240655
s__Ruminococcus_E sp019415945
s__Prevotella sp900765465
s__UMGS1781 sp944391955
s__Chth-196 sp903916085
s__UBA2289 sp028691335
s__Mucilaginibacter achroorhodeus
s__JACKOF01 sp024234435
s__Brevundimonas sp023456105
s__SIG673 sp944381095
s__Azonexus sp004379165
s__Microbacterium elymi
s__JABHVE01 sp018658465
s__Huintestinicola sp017394475
s__M3007 sp021298575
s__Clostridium chrysemydis
s__Facklamia languida
s__Cephaloticoccus sp024233285
s__Oceanivirga salmonicida
s__CL95 sp900115925
s__UBA1413 sp001270045
s__Eubacterium_Q sp900321505
s__Brachyspira sp944393015
s__CAG-452 sp944392485
s__Pontiella sp016744085
s__JAGLSG01 sp023135865
s__Winslowiella iniecta
s__Rhizobium_C album
s__REEB205 sp028871815
s__Sinorhizobium fredii_B
s__Geovibrio sp001603805
s__Enterousia sp944389495
s__Corynebacterium suicordis
s__Arthrobacter siccitolerans_A
s__Alloprevotella sp900770705
s__Prevotella sp944319945
s__Pseudaminobacter salicylatoxidans
s__JAHWJX01 sp019348195
s__HGM04593 sp900769465
s__Pelagibacter sp003280485
s__CAKSHC01 sp934456365
s__Onthousia sp949291575
s__TMED27 sp020638335
s__Pseudonocardia halophobica
s__UBA8316 sp002171295
s__UBA2214 sp937863815
s__Tateyamaria sp947501275
s__Nocardioides daeguensis
s__UBA1711 sp002354035
s__Alloprevotella sp945833885
s__Halalkalibacter krulwichiae
s__JAFDDA01 sp019311105
s__Flavobacterium sp017997335
s__HRBIN21 sp002898295
s__Rhizobium sp014193695
s__Lonsdalea quercina
s__Tabrizicola_A sp023254015
s__Roseovarius sp009363655
s__G020351855 sp027295155
s__Mycobacterium szulgai
s__Faecousia sp958402445
s__CALUMT01 sp944320555
s__Erythrobacter ramosus
s__DTU063 sp012842445
s__Anaerococcus sp900551095
s__CAG-269 sp934141605
s__Neptunochlamydia sp024233395
s__Amycolatopsis azurea
s__Brevibacterium yomogidense_A
s__Bacillus_I endophytica_A
s__Bartonella koehlerae
s__Egerieousia sp900769735
s__Desulfatibacillum aliphaticivorans
s__Palsa-881 sp003136615
s__UBA1255 sp002308795
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900317875
s__Pelagibacter sp902592445
s__SLNM01 sp007133055
s__UBA4592 sp017854795
s__Luminiphilus sp012270045
s__Jatrophihabitans_A sp030853265
s__Comamonas sp004364775
s__Frigoribacterium sp014842255
s__LSUCC0057 sp004535795
s__Bulleidia sp902796465
s__Paludisphaera rhizosphaerae
s__Martelella sp001578105
s__UBA11358 sp903895255
s__Syntrophorhabdus aromaticivorans
s__Photobacterium galatheae
s__JAAYQU01 sp937981765
s__JAENYO01 sp016841745
s__JABWBM01 sp013360495
s__Haploplasma modicum
s__Streptococcus himalayensis
s__PTKB01 sp029937205
s__Spyradosoma sp934675585
s__Methylococcus sp016106025
s__Phocaeicola sp944320135
s__QIAJ01 sp003168235
s__JAUZRW01 sp030950085
s__Streptomyces sp001905885
s__Actinopolyspora erythraea
s__Methylobacterium suomiense
s__Gluconacetobacter sacchari
s__Prevotella sp905214625
s__UBA2868 sp002373875
s__Haemophilus_D sp905214375
s__CAG-196 sp944325515
s__Savagea sp030152265
s__CAG-590 sp029052995
s__Psychrobacter sp015277735
s__Clostridium sp021837545
s__UMGS1663 sp944386125
s__Collinsella sp900556365
s__Desulfovibrio sp900095395
s__UBA1240 sp024402495
s__Amphritea atlantica_A
s__Acidocella sp027308685
s__JALZUU01 sp937995675
s__UBA2868 sp016281085
s__Enterococcus rivorum
s__Eubacterium_R sp900767025
s__Bradyrhizobium sp004296405
s__Nodosilinea sp003017855
s__UBA1829 sp944389445
s__JAEDJI01 sp934086255
s__UBA9145 sp027621405
s__Merdiplasma sp902778245
s__Winogradskyella sp021887715
s__GWE2-29-8 sp001768555
s__Ventricola sp900313545
s__Leptospira ellisii
s__Paenibacillus_A sp900766135
s__UBA974 sp902578505
s__Halomonas sp030010555
s__Aliarcobacter suis
s__Paenacidovorax caeni
s__Lutibacter sp027449025
s__Gemmiger variabilis_C
s__Profftella armatura
s__Porcincola sp002392705
s__UBA9145 sp027592275
s__Rhodoluna sp010028615
s__DAIDTM01 sp027457205
s__UBA7573 sp002477905
s__Shewanella benthica_A
s__MGBC133411 sp944391715
s__Photobacterium marinum
s__CAILUG01 sp947377625
s__Pantoea_A carbekii
s__CAG-269 sp944386205
s__UBA1711 sp017449975
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280885
s__Lepagella sp947175265
s__CAZU01 sp944391425
s__Anaerobacillus_A hwajinpoensis_C
s__T1Sed10-7 sp007131525
s__UBA6857 sp015066015
s__Thermotoga sp000784835
s__Mannheimia sp000521605
s__Agitococcus sp024234595
s__Tropicimonas sabulilitoris
s__Sediminibacterium sp024640255
s__GWC2-39-14 sp000996245
s__Prevotella sp902774815
s__Arthrobacter_F crystallopoietes
s__Paramuribaculum sp029060545
s__Collinsella sp905215065
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_T
s__Chth-196 sp943329925
s__Rhodopila sp945871455
s__JAHELU01 sp937922045
s__UBA4466 sp003149635
s__Hydrogenivirga sp015492115
s__Demequina sp002384765
s__TCS61 sp001577185
s__Polaromonas sp030655515
s__S139-149 sp015489555
s__Mesorhizobium sp006442655
s__Bin55 sp009842245
s__Eubacterium_F sp900318295
s__Bacteroides faecalis
s__CAAFZY01 sp944391395
s__Collinsella sp900555745
s__RAAP-2 sp003133405
s__Lancefieldella sp900555335
s__WFYI01 sp027014155
s__Caldilinea sp003451595
s__Fimicola merdigallinarum
s__Avilachnospira sp029100885
s__C-19 sp947649125
s__Coprosoma sp944363925
s__UBA2964 sp002727395
s__Aquabacterium sp016219375
s__Oerskovia merdavium
s__CALVMC01 sp944342015
s__CAG-710 sp934183165
s__UBA3077 sp023134935
s__UBA1711 sp002373995
s__Streptomyces sp030766935
s__Ramlibacter sp021323335
s__CAG-177 sp017409845
s__HGM11417 sp900761895
s__Hepatoplasma crinochetorum
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900770955
s__Collinsella sp900549195
s__JAGPDF01 sp018057705
s__MED727 sp902553555
s__CAIOSF01 sp903860855
s__Sphingomonas sp027941955
s__Saccharimonas sp018127705
s__Sagittula sp002814095
s__Victivallis sp900761715
s__Shewanella salipaludis
s__Aliivibrio sp028765575
s__Saccharibacter floricola
s__Peptoniphilus_A raoultii
s__JAJPXI01 sp021205585
s__Chryseobacterium potabilaquae
s__Photobacterium sp022129445
s__UBA4636 sp944363645
s__AG-337-I02 sp027625355
s__JAFLCP01 sp017303505
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902797525
s__CAG-273 sp949747775
s__UBA5195 sp903910795
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944392975
s__Robertmurraya yapensis
s__Faeciplasma sp020860605
s__UBA8346 sp023426245
s__Sulfurimonas denitrificans
s__CF-96 sp028287605
s__Deefgea piscis
s__JAADIZ01 sp027013265
s__UBA2991 sp026705605
s__Flagellimonas beolgyonensis
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021815925
s__JAGOOV01 sp017992295
s__RF16 sp018066005
s__JACQCZ01 sp016201405
s__Geobacter sp021847245
s__Flavobacterium piscinae
s__Paramuribaculum sp023663135
s__Bin5 sp022824025
s__Pelagibacter sp003210075
s__Cyanobium sp024346455
s__JADGPY01 sp028288585
s__CAG-791 sp002395235
s__Halioglobus sp024234815
s__CG1-02-41-26 sp002773545
s__HGM10857 sp934168005
s__SXXZ01 sp026397675
s__JAMWDI01 sp023819375
s__Zag111 sp944324845
s__Oceanicoccus sp024226635
s__UBA3855 sp947175975
s__PSRF01 sp030840675
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021834525
s__Mycobacterium sp001665535
s__Velamenicoccus sp028717105
s__Clostridium isatidis
s__Onthoplasma sp944377165
s__UBA2126 sp022561485
s__Avispirillum sp017513325
s__F23-D06 sp016281255
s__Bombella sp026537415
s__CF-163 sp005882715
s__UBA9655 sp001897795
s__Metabacillus sediminilitoris
s__Egerieousia sp900769385
s__Oceanicola pacificus_A
s__Enterosoma sp944371605
s__Alteraurantiacibacter marinus
s__JAAZBM01 sp012513815
s__RF16 sp900766775
s__FEB-22 sp003105195
s__Bieblia_A vinaykumarii
s__Aquimarina sp947498785
s__BOBG01 sp026002265
s__JABEUX01 sp013044185
s__Metamycoplasma arthritidis
s__Nocardioides sp009557055
s__Shinella zoogloeoides
s__Sulfurimonas sp002428085
s__AUK232 sp021161495
s__Limosilactobacillus sp945870585
s__HXMU1420-2 sp017643305
s__Ignatzschineria indica
s__Paenibacillus pseudetheri
s__Actinomyces dentalis
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp014381795
s__Polaromonas sp027486255
s__AG-337-I02 sp902615745
s__UBA7173 sp947175215
s__Deferrivibrio sp020054865
s__Bact-19 sp028697515
s__UBA2521 sp002341165
s__Pelagibacter sp902593845
s__JACPWO01 sp016197005
s__M0103 sp023253775
s__Methylocystis sp000188155
s__JAGXLP01 sp018335015
s__LNEJ01 sp001464965
s__CALDSP01 sp937924465
s__Flagellimonas zhangzhouensis
s__Flavobacterium sp023457535
s__UBA3282 sp023666125
s__Collinsella sp900547505
s__Neptuniibacter sp030547185
s__HK-STAS-PATE-36 sp023898625
s__AP-16 sp005884745
s__Collinsella sp905204365
s__Lepagella sp900766975
s__Caccovivens sp944349615
s__SYFN01 sp947454305
s__Porphyromonas_A sp023395395
s__Gallionella sp903915035
s__Pontibacillus sp021129245
s__Aadella sp023142805
s__Sulfurimonas sp003978465
s__Psychromarinibacter halotolerans
s__UBA5972 sp027013095
s__Fen-1298 sp003142475
s__Nealson33H sp026016225
s__Lelliottia chinensis
s__Pseudooceanicola atlanticus
s__Salinibacter sp003023125
s__DUZU01 sp013349285
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020847755
s__Devosia sp001425445
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947167015
s__Spiroplasma eriocheiris
s__UBA2979 sp002348225
s__Homoserinimonas hongtaonis
s__Streptomyces hokutonensis
s__Sediminibacterium sp009693615
s__Planktophila sp903820565
s__UBA1221 sp902760645
s__Gallionella sp013043965
s__GCA-2707915 sp902610065
s__Acidaminococcus sp900554515
s__JAKAKZ01 sp021824285
s__Geomonas pelophila
s__CAZU01 sp944391495
s__Massilibacterium senegalense
s__JACKHF01 sp020639155
s__Paenibacillus_E aceris
s__WQRX01 sp009787785
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp018242295
s__Collinsella sp900554985
s__JABIBH01 sp018652925
s__Salinisphaera sp002320455
s__Dysosmobacter sp934590165
s__RFXW01 sp023262365
s__Faecivivens sp944387515
s__Allorhizobium sp001724035
s__QUBU01 sp011526045
s__Burkholderia puraquae
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp022778805
s__JAKATU01 sp021818585
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404515
s__QYPU01 sp007280145
s__Collinsella sp902478965
s__RUG11420 sp902769055
s__Psychrobacter ciconiae_A
s__Butyrivibrio sp017400305
s__JAJTBL01 sp021286925
s__Susulua sp023135855
s__Thermogemmata fonticola
s__Udaeobacter sp003220005
s__Corynebacterium pilbarense
s__Nitromaritima sp905182935
s__JAGLPP01 sp023137315
s__MarineAlpha5-Bin12 sp002937855
s__Actinosynnema auranticum
s__Onthovivens sp944368945
s__CAIWKO01 sp023228145
s__HRBIN16 sp938027655
s__Bartonella sp002022665
s__Novosphingobium humi
s__Pontibacillus yanchengensis_A
s__CAJVXD01 sp913009675
s__UBA5203 sp016838895
s__CALXSC01 sp934747265
s__Bacillus_AB infantis_A
s__M0027 sp006227905
s__Mobilicoccus massiliensis
s__Elarobacter sp019235885
s__Methylotenera sp014378495
s__Ruminococcus_B intestinipullorum
s__CAIUPE01 sp026461505
s__Pontimonas sp009704535
s__Oceanobacillus zhaokaii
s__Rubrivivax sp027491255
s__JAFDFZ01 sp019309565
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209475
s__JAJZPE01 sp021811325
s__Rhodoblastus acidophilus_C
s__UBA877 sp025056515
s__JACJXW01 sp020636095
s__UBA10002 sp001003605
s__Hymenobacter taeanensis
s__Chromatium sp903897335
s__DAIESS01 sp027346135
s__VXYK01 sp028819005
s__CALVVX01 sp944364015
s__Saccharopolyspora phatthalungensis
s__Homoserinibacter sp011751905
s__JAEWLI01 sp023393375
s__CAADGV01 sp019637975
s__Nakamurella multipartita
s__Caccoplasma_A sp017559955
s__UBA4802 sp029907515
s__CSK15Z-1 sp024519155
s__Corynebacterium poyangense
s__Marinomonas aquimarina
s__Anaerosporobacter mobilis
s__Methylobacter_C sp903910205
s__Hornefia sp900315125
s__GAS188 sp019246665
s__Novosphingobium mathurense
s__CAJPQU01 sp905372875
s__UBA10450 sp003445855
s__JAHITU01 sp023140255
s__Collinsella sp902469185
s__JANYJH01 sp025361865
s__Pseudooceanicola nanhaiensis
s__RGIG4130 sp017466885
s__UBA12202 sp024639485
s__CAG-115 sp934456315
s__ZC4RG30 sp947449495
s__JACPGD01 sp016182645
s__SKXZ01 sp007128145
s__Algoriphagus boritolerans
s__Bacteroides_E propionicifaciens
s__Methylobacter_C sp002256465
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli_C
s__Coprenecus sp944323445
s__FB2012 sp946545645
s__Bordetella sp002261475
s__Hyphomonas sp002695785
s__UMGS1668 sp017521825
s__Microbacterium sp000383475
s__Bradyrhizobium jicamae_A
s__Coprosoma sp944363935
s__UBA2883 sp947525005
s__UBA10656 sp003646175
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp014860725
s__Paraburkholderia rhynchosiae
s__WJJW01 sp014729455
s__CAAFZY01 sp902464275
s__UBA1367 sp902766835
s__Palsa-288 sp003142215
s__Acinetobacter defluvii
s__Alicyclobacillus fructus
s__UBA8106 sp002696705
s__HRBIN33 sp002923375
s__UBA1227 sp018064455
s__Rubrivivax sp026932235
s__Venatoribacter sp021208685
s__Streptomyces collinus
s__J044 sp026995955
s__UBA1740 sp934467435
s__Janibacter anophelis
s__Mycobacterium sp008329585
s__Leeuwenhoekiella nanhaiensis
s__AC2028 sp016285265
s__UBA1562 sp028716705
s__UBA1177 sp905235605
s__SZAS-7 sp018239765
s__Lepagella sp029071345
s__Corynebacterium sp946221935
s__JACRMB01 sp023382335
s__Prevotella sp946411565
s__Methylomonas methanica_A
s__Scatovivens sp900768805
s__Malacoplasma_A sp902782585
s__CAIUPE01 sp009920595
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016303175
s__RUG410 sp934277435
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029837695
s__UBA3792 sp017459315
s__Polaribacter porphyrae
s__Limnohabitans sp027485285
s__UBA5272 sp002408565
s__Sodaliphilus sp946410185
s__Ruminococcus_E sp020626545
s__Actinomyces lilanjuaniae
s__Sulfuricurvum sp000747095
s__Gallimonas sp944336975
s__RUG591 sp945871105
s__Bifidobacterium sp029395355
s__Metalysinibacillus saudimassiliensis
s__UBA5704 sp021154885
s__Bradyrhizobium sp024199795
s__Rathayibacter sp013205055
s__Iodobacter fluviatilis
s__Luminiphilus sp913048575
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018066065
s__CANIBL01 sp947475005
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp013205145
s__JAAUSF01 sp012033255
s__DTER01 sp025060415
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp029055565
s__Collinsella sp905215195
s__Phenylobacterium sp019636135
s__UMGS1370 sp900551135
s__Enterococcus_F willemsii
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp944391255
s__WTGA01 sp011523765
s__Paraprevotella sp947177395
s__Anaerococcus sp943913325
s__B1SED10-74M sp003553895
s__CAIMOR01 sp947455205
s__JABWAM01 sp013360985
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp028198165
s__Litoreibacter halocynthiae
s__UBA10281 sp934271265
s__UBA4466 sp029238665
s__Acidithiobacillus sp023229925
s__Halobacteriovorax marinus
s__Sediminibacterium sp015999745
s__JAIPAN01 sp947463785
s__JADFUX01 sp015222255
s__Rhodohalobacter sp020832225
s__Desulfurobacterium thermolithotrophum
s__SLAK01 sp007126855
s__UMGS1649 sp900553785
s__Flavobacterium muglaense
s__Prevotella sp002342415
s__Dinoroseobacter sp013215265
s__Chryseobacterium shigense
s__JAHDCT01 sp937965925
s__JAQVYB01 sp028708815
s__Oceanobacillus indicireducens
s__E44-bin32 sp004376465
s__UBA4572 sp021806225
s__Trichloromonas acetexigens
s__Treponema_D sp934725225
s__Avimuribaculum sp944321905
s__Paramuribaculum sp029062075
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063265
s__UBA2376 sp002344285
s__GPS1B09 sp018333635
s__Pseudomonas_E foliumensis
s__Sulfurimonas sp903903705
s__JAJDNG01 sp029882975
s__JAGLYS01 sp023132105
s__RGIG1896 sp017397025
s__Clostridium_AU sp003541575
s__JAEWAH01 sp023415715
s__Corynebacterium sp012838715
s__Pseudomonas_E azadiae
s__Pseudemcibacter sp018699075
s__Pelagibacter sp902556065
s__CAMDFR01 sp945872405
s__Acidisoma sp009765865
s__Electrothrix communis
s__GCA-002722245 sp002722245
s__Calidithermus chliarophilus
s__Thermomonas carbonis
s__Legionella saoudiensis
s__UBA9715 sp002371495
s__Pelagibacter sp014653375
s__PNKF01 sp030623445
s__Thermoclostridium_A sp012719645
s__UBA7867 sp944381255
s__Microbacterium_A agarici
s__RGIG4694 sp022768245
s__Tomitella sp021793835
s__HGW-15 sp002840535
s__UBA12088 sp007116405
s__JAIEMT01 sp019751945
s__Marmoricola sp025965085
s__UBA955 sp002737705
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_B
s__Spirillospora formosensis
s__Aestuariibaculum lutulentum
s__UBA3282 sp947175435
s__Bog-752 sp003132645
s__JACNIZ01 sp014382805
s__Clostridium sp900116755
s__Enterococcus_I lemanii
s__Agromyces marinus
s__Lawsonibacter sp944383165
s__Megasphaera sp902464195
s__Novosphingobium panipatense
s__Butyricimonas sp900759925
s__Rubrivivax sp018241895
s__CALRGT01 sp943355165
s__NHYM01 sp944323755
s__M10-OD1-4 sp003056085
s__RUG023 sp905215015
s__Sulfidibacterium sp015491905
s__CAIVQB01 sp903907925
s__JAMCTM01 sp021852095
s__Acidithiobacillus montserratensis
s__SIG32 sp944326585
s__Limnobacter sp001601825
s__Streptomyces luteolifulvus
s__Halomonas fontilapidosi
s__Rhodoferax sp947372745
s__2-01-FULL-33-17 sp001786995
s__RGIG9079 sp015061245
s__Porphyromonas sp000769075
s__Deinococcus indicus
s__GCA-2748055 sp023135025
s__Chryseobacterium sp902506175
s__UBA1213 sp002350705
s__Evansella clarkii
s__Helicobacter_D sp027859255
s__Mesorhizobium sp003997495
s__Nodosilinea sp027483425
s__Duganella sacchari
s__JAJXZE01 sp021780195
s__UBA11398 sp947449945
s__GCA-2700405 sp014239895
s__UBA9673 sp003541445
s__Hydrogenophaga aromaticivorans
s__Bruticola sp934621605
s__Prevotella herbatica
s__GCA-001735895 sp022566015
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_Q
s__NK4A136 sp947174725
s__JAKASR01 sp021818955
s__HO2-49-34 sp001783515
s__Blautia_A sp934408705
s__JAQUQS01 sp028715965
s__Lepagella sp947174995
s__JAHBSF01 sp019639255
s__Lepagella sp900760885
s__Lactobacillus rodentium
s__VGOW01 sp016213135
s__Sphingobium lignivorans
s__QAKW01 sp944387895
s__UBA987 sp943789165
s__ZJ141 sp011038965
s__Sodaliphilus sp017964485
s__PWTM01 sp003563855
s__PALSA-600 sp019237315
s__JAAYCX01 sp012719455
s__Methylovirgula sp030036945
s__UMGS1449 sp902797995
s__Streptococcus mitis_Q
s__Brachyspira sp944390575
s__XBB1006 sp017442585
s__UBA2386 sp016793265
s__HUN007 sp017848115
s__Portibacter lacus
s__Limimorpha sp902802535
s__UBA6984 sp934699705
s__Flavobacterium sp903861155
s__CAIFEU01 sp902783515
s__TMED48 sp002731695
s__Pelagibacter sp902558705
s__SYHX01 sp027485465
s__Nanosynbacter sp900557595
s__Bifidobacterium sp946891915
s__Paenactinomyces guangxiensis
s__GWC2-40-17 sp001783145
s__RUG592 sp902802975
s__JALGXV01 sp029821885
s__UBA1412 sp019136955
s__Bacillus_A cereus_AK
s__Treponema_D sp934699065
s__BD2-11 sp022823365
s__Arthrobacter_B sp001307035
s__RF16 sp018065765
s__Dehalobacterium formicoaceticum
s__Paenibacillus sp017512705
s__Brevundimonas sp947501315
s__Duncaniella sp029052375
s__Alteromonas sp006538325
s__JAIPDZ01 sp021737425
s__UBA2475 sp020162035
s__UBA2170 sp027592135
s__Bradyrhizobium sp005885285
s__Mesorhizobium sp006442965
s__Luminiphilus sp016778045
s__Streptococcus sp900755085
s__RF16 sp946186735
s__Flavobacterium quisquiliarum
s__Mesobacillus subterraneus_B
s__Streptomyces echinatus
s__Hyphobacterium sp002692855
s__Chromobacterium sinusclupearum
s__Treponema sp018336815
s__CALUXS01 sp944324705
s__SAR86A sp902582355
s__Laedolimicola sp934373375
s__UBA817 sp016779165
s__Onthousia sp934149515
s__HUN007 sp902789705
s__UBA7862 sp934776915
s__Ferranicluibacter quercicola
s__Collinsella sp900542335
s__Accumulibacter sp023806565
s__Collinsella sp027682925
s__GCA-2698665 sp002698665
s__RUG756 sp934662505
s__JAICLL01 sp025927475
s__JAJYHN01 sp021784765
s__JABHHM01 sp018671575
s__UBA2862 sp902765395
s__TH-plancto1 sp947479075
s__Hominimerdicola sp902786975
s__Streptomyces inhibens
s__Qipengyuania gaetbuli
s__Mycetocola_A zhujimingii
s__JAGLJW01 sp023142215
s__JAEEUO01 sp016286935
s__DUCF01 sp012959965
s__Oceanihabitans sediminis
s__Microbacterium sp003610405
s__JAHEEM01 sp029864465
s__Sphingomonas sp022662475
s__Methylobacterium symbioticum
s__AG-422-B15 sp902619105
s__Nitrosomonas sp017879645
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282355
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp934247875
s__Streptomyces altiplanensis
s__Rouxiella aceris
s__Micromonospora parathelypteridis
s__Sphingomonas sp014193845
s__Thermoanaerobaculum sp937934115
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903927645
s__Lysobacter sp013361435
s__Rhodoferax sp903948045
s__Roseovarius sp028369135
s__Kryptonium sp025060635
s__UBA1259 sp900770685
s__Smithella sp002327415
s__GCA-002779355 sp002779355
s__RZYP01 sp012517145
s__Sphingomonas terregens
s__Cellulophaga sp947496695
s__RFNO01 sp009927045
s__CSSed10-48 sp007122815
s__Solibaculum sp904397895
s__Syntrophopropionicum sp028709235
s__TMP-24 sp947476475
s__CAIUKX01 sp943326025
s__Prevotella sp022641735
s__Ideonella azotifigens
s__UBA5793 sp900696685
s__Methylopumilus sp014190615
s__Streptomyces minutiscleroticus
s__Bacilliculturomica massiliensis
s__JADJRK01 sp019636195
s__JAIPGG01 sp021736255
s__Pokkaliibacter plantistimulans
s__Caldimicrobium sp938091475
s__Aerophobus sp030672545
s__Wolbachia sp003344345
s__Neobacillus sp002559145
s__Eubacterium_B sp902803185
s__RUG099 sp902774195
s__SAR86A sp902520725
s__BS503 sp023271485
s__AG-422-B15 sp902610585
s__Mycoplasmoides pirum
s__Methylopila capsulata
s__JABJOK01 sp018664365
s__RUG12519 sp902779915
s__JAGMEZ01 sp023127905
s__Aquabacterium sp947372535
s__NK4A136 sp900102065
s__Actinokineospora terrae
s__Pauljensenia sp018375675
s__Collinsella sp902491935
s__ZC4RG25 sp023426855
s__GCA-002708315 sp014382445
s__Quinella sp905234705
s__Kaistella daneshvariae
s__Prevotella sp902800495
s__Bacillus_CD alkalisoli
s__Gemmata sp026712145
s__Limimorpha sp905234455
s__Acinetobacter rathckeae
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902577515
s__UBA5066 sp016714815
s__MWBO01 sp002071685
s__Polynucleobacter sp001830325
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944326765
s__Caccomorpha sp944380155
s__SP4260 sp902517795
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944322825
s__Streptomyces endocoffeicus
s__Acetatifactor sp947643615
s__Sphingobacterium psychroaquaticum
s__JJ008 sp947457465
s__Marinomonas atlantica
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944381355
s__UBA10364 sp003545085
s__Alistipes sp029065825
s__Scatoplasma sp002449135
s__Aedoeadaptatus ivorii
s__Bin107 sp002238965
s__UBA8612 sp902796535
s__Selenomonas_B ruminantium_B
s__UTBCD1 sp018266555
s__CALXXA01 sp944392585
s__DSQQ01 sp015075405
s__Leisingera sp028368855
s__Tsuneonella troitsensis
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007118295
s__UBA11869 sp002721165
s__Belliella aquatica
s__Marinacidobacterium sp028877265
s__Ferruginibacter sp947446585
s__Meiothermus hypogaeus
s__Aulosira sp002154725
s__AG-343-D04 sp003265885
s__Nocardioides sp017916455
s__BAIKAL-G1 sp016463595
s__Trichormus sp001597745
s__Thalassococcus_A lentus
s__CAIKBD01 sp903825565
s__Mucispirillum sp944323205
s__Arachnia flava
s__JAKEEX01 sp022616315
s__Nocardioides ochotonae
s__C7867-001 sp021813965
s__JAHJHC01 sp018824145
s__Otoolea symbiosa_A
s__Thiobacillus sp021811235
s__Ruminococcus sp900318825
s__JAICLA01 sp025927695
s__Pseudothioglobus sp913047325
s__Rhodanobacter thiooxydans
s__UBA967 sp009920585
s__Alkalibaculum bacchi
s__CAG-492 sp934180065
s__Streptococcus criceti
s__Symplocastrum torsivum
s__CAG-269 sp944388695
s__Facklamia miroungae
s__Metabacillus sp021117275
s__CAIXPF01 sp945906305
s__Pseudomonas_E rhizosphaerae
s__JACJYE01 sp020636215
s__Taurinivorans sp029258655
s__SYAN01 sp010028225
s__UBA8649 sp002708985
s__Nitratifractor sp015487065
s__Aliidiomarina shirensis
s__RUG14156 sp948742005
s__Psychrobium sp001874365
s__JAHJDO01 sp023129655
s__Kryptonium sp938074445
s__Haemophilus_A paraphrohaemolyticus_A
s__Corynebacterium spheniscorum
s__JAAKGP01 sp016704435
s__Paenibacillus_AE sp028745515
s__Marivirga lumbricoides
s__SZUA-76 sp945787155
s__SCUD01 sp016844605
s__UPXZ01 sp009929445
s__2-01-FULL-45-33 sp001778595
s__JAJYWL01 sp021791545
s__Sansalvadorimonas sp947040555
s__Collinsella sp900551815
s__CG2-30-33-31 sp001872625
s__UBA3941 sp002385665
s__Pseudolabrys sp903878085
s__RGIG4266 sp023430885
s__Micropelagos sp938091085
s__AG-422-B15 sp003213515
s__Borkfalkia sp944341655
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944381335
s__Kitasatospora sp003259315
s__Mycobacterium parafortuitum
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp947446975
s__Avidesulfovibrio excrementigallinarum
s__Scatovivens sp949482135
s__WSZJ01 sp013360825
s__Accumulibacter meliphilus
s__Providencia sp003533305
s__Prevotella sp000702825
s__RUG666 sp900321185
s__Gluconobacter sp018811945
s__Faecousia sp934589065
s__CAZU01 sp944392275
s__Pontibacter deserti
s__QPJE01 sp003337245
s__Glycocaulis sp022565665
s__Veillonella sp900552715
s__UBA1222 sp016284035
s__UBA1740 sp017522795
s__RUG762 sp902799245
s__JALTBU01 sp027019465
s__Nitromaritima sp018697205
s__Arthrobacter_D subterraneus
s__Litchfieldella anticariensis
s__JASUSC01 sp030446285
s__Sphingobium jiangsuense
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp018374635
s__Vescimonas sp934561335
s__Exiguobacterium sp902362975
s__Desulfatitalea sp013041835
s__Pla86 sp007751255
s__Fervidibacter sacchari
s__UBA3282 sp949076555
s__Pelethousia sp002409725
s__Lachnoclostridium_A sp003464085
s__Flagellimonas sp002699205
s__Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum_C
s__JANSWP01 sp024743405
s__MGBC116941 sp910585035
s__JAGNEJ01 sp018003315
s__QALR01 sp017412045
s__Flavobacterium sp002256285
s__VGOF01 sp016875975
s__Pedococcus sp001429605
s__Planktophila sp002430075
s__Acetatifactor sp900771995
s__UBA11889 sp913030615
s__Limnobacter alexandrii
s__UBA6857 sp022779945
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AU
s__Cecembia sp007126775
s__UBA966 sp945870475
s__UBA12463 sp000993595
s__Rhodoferax_C sp025356155
s__Faecimonas sp944332475
s__Azonexus sp008711155
s__Prevotella sp944321295
s__Hymenobacter psoromatis
s__Planktophila sp903939005
s__JAGRPD01 sp027487315
s__Parasynechococcus sp913057985
s__CALWZU01 sp944386095
s__Limnocylindrus sp003476885
s__RF16 sp002395805
s__Ottowia sp003859965
s__Litoreibacter sp947493265
s__2-01-FULL-39-33 sp001817505
s__Streptomyces panaciradicis
s__Prevotella sp905235835
s__DAHUYF01 sp030040495
s__Saccharibacillus brassicae
s__CAG-170 sp902803075
s__RUG806 sp017550625
s__JAHJGY01 sp018824115
s__Ruminococcus sp947174965
s__JAGUYW01 sp020061105
s__Prevotella sp902770845
s__Algoriphagus sp903952135
s__Ruminococcus sp905215965
s__Ga0077527 sp029883965
s__Peptidiphaga sp905373325
s__Villigracilis sp020047815
s__Scatacola_A sp944392835
s__UBA1784 sp015061685
s__Avispirillum sp017623255
s__Clostridium_K cellulovorans
s__Acetatifactor sp947175035
s__Egerieousia sp017554305
s__Rickettsia tillamookensis
s__Collinsella sp900544725
s__CAJXUU01 sp938007965
s__Corynebacterium sp943912665
s__Enterobacter wuhouensis
s__Ch29 sp013540605
s__QXCW01 sp003550275
s__Winogradskyella sp029624125
s__Alistipes_A sp902491835
s__GCA-002790615 sp002780175
s__Thiopseudomonas sp018384595
s__Gloeomargarita sp025056115
s__CAIPMZ01 sp903837175
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp001802455
s__CAG-791 sp002448395
s__JAJZHT01 sp021804455
s__CAIKNB01 sp903828685
s__GWC2-39-10 sp000993275
s__SKRI01 sp007118565
s__Tabrizicola piscis
s__UMGS1491 sp934695425
s__UBA1431 sp002329665
s__Phaeospirillum sp903853455
s__Sphingobium sp001899715
s__Collinsella sp900548075
s__TMED14 sp002682945
s__Flavobacterium lacustre
s__Vibrio atlanticus
s__RUG14130 sp017552535
s__Flexifilum sp023382675
s__Nostoc sp002949735
s__Symmachiella dynata
s__CFX2 sp017303775
s__VBCG01 sp025935675
s__UBA6136 sp002423305
s__Methyloceanibacter sp002482645
s__Anaerosporomusa sp900542835
s__Bin125 sp028874365
s__Tenacibaculum sp947497895
s__Billgrantia alkalisoli
s__Mycobacterium sp017312405
s__Gallispira sp905201505
s__JADZEO01 sp020635075
s__GCA-002841655 sp903937325
s__GCA-002050365 sp002050365
s__Gramella forsetii
s__S141-38 sp015490755
s__Neorhizobium oryzae_A
s__JAAESX01 sp024228935
s__Hymenobacter telluris
s__Chryseobacterium sp003347605
s__Rathayibacter sp001423885
s__DTIX01 sp021827465
s__Paraburkholderia sp004298475
s__Collinsella sp905214525
s__Synechococcus_C sp000153065
s__Lepagella sp947177145
s__Sporosarcina pasteurii
s__VMGY01 sp007378955
s__Flavobacterium sp002150205
s__Pelagibacter sp003214525
s__NK4A136 sp002478505
s__CAKSNH01 sp934476075
s__Anaerotignum sp002299545
s__Clostridioides_A mangenotii
s__Thauera sp003446655
s__Thermobifida cellulosilytica
s__Onthoplasma sp944381155
s__Eubacterium_Q sp002392655
s__Marinobacter persicus
s__Onthoplasma sp944377485
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BS
s__Kutzneria viridogrisea
s__BACL21 sp029248405
s__JAPKDA01 sp027619375
s__Polaribacter sp913047375
s__Sneathiella sp002706985
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp022736275
s__JACJWC01 sp020637335
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282375
s__JAGVTM01 sp020634515
s__RUG572 sp002373695
s__JAGOCT01 sp017998585
s__Onthousia sp944331715
s__Suilimivivens sp947177425
s__CAG-273 sp947073285
s__JAJZQH01 sp021810905
s__UBA9145 sp943789485
s__GCA-2724215 sp028875335
s__Palsa-187 sp030041495
s__Pandoraea sp004297875
s__UBA952 sp021738405
s__WRNX01 sp009786185
s__GWB1-36-13 sp001829155
s__Stercorousia sp934692485
s__RUG714 sp902796055
s__JAEUUX01 sp016718845
s__2-12-FULL-55-11 sp007376635
s__Caenispirillum bisanense_A
s__Desulfaltia sp028571455
s__Thermodesulfobacterium hydrogeniphilum
s__JAAFGM01 sp003696945
s__Tepidicaulis marinus
s__Lysobacter_C selenitireducens
s__Palsa-744 sp017882455
s__Roseovarius sp007125415
s__Streptococcus henryi
s__Arthrobacter sp002929335
s__Aphanothece_B sacrum
s__28-YEA-48 sp903889985
s__Thermaurantimonas aggregans
s__Thiolapillus sp026994195
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017460045
s__BM506 sp018822545
s__Epibacterium sp001874255
s__2-12-FULL-66-21 sp001767455
s__Eubacterium_R sp017886765
s__Hathewaya limosa
s__Spelaeicoccus albus
s__Nitrospira_D sp024331045
s__Novosphingobium sp029550345
s__CAJXSN01 sp947492235
s__JADJYF01 sp016719885
s__Sediminibacterium sp947375185
s__JACZXZ01 sp022571365
s__Tyzzerella sp944376805
s__Asp313 sp003073475
s__Gp6-AA40 sp945876205
s__Exiguobacterium sp004336985
s__Fimenecus sp017438845
s__SLQM01 sp007129055
s__Pseudoxanthomonas jiangsuensis
s__AAA536-G10 sp902623995
s__Lampropedia aestuarii
s__Sphingobium cloacae
s__Ruminococcus sp029063695
s__Hydrogenophaga sp013823485
s__Alistipes_A sp944326855
s__Amycolatopsis sp002796545
s__UBA2813 sp017470815
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp902635895
s__JAGWAZ01 sp020635205
s__CAMDGN01 sp945897985
s__JAAYCT01 sp016930475
s__UBA12395 sp000996275
s__MED-G82 sp902617955
s__SXYR01 sp945862385
s__Lentimonas sp003503355
s__RUG099 sp902790965
s__MED660 sp002691025
s__Ruthenibacterium sp009929695
s__JAKACY01 sp021821025
s__Bacillus_AB infantis_B
s__UBA7173 sp023663385
s__SIG636 sp017397805
s__JAGMDK01 sp023128695
s__Isachenkonia sp007118655
s__Tetrasphaera_A australiensis
s__SXKJ01 sp945905295
s__Vagococcus_D salmoninarum
s__Enteractinococcus helveticum_A
s__Akkermansia sp944390825
s__PeH17 sp017395105
s__Bifidobacterium felsineum
s__Pandoraea thiooxydans
s__JAKAJD01 sp021813125
s__Komagataeibacter sucrofermentans
s__CALWOS01 sp944383185
s__UBA9973 sp021734995
s__Halioglobus sp024234735
s__CALXRW01 sp944390445
s__Fimimorpha sp022778745
s__Rubellimicrobium arenae
s__Avilachnospira sp934438085
s__JADGGM01 sp025927495
s__Methylogaea oryzae
s__JAJZPO01 sp021786555
s__Endomicrobium_A sp020328045
s__W0P33-017 sp022773965
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BY
s__Hoeflea_A sp024244645
s__Sphingomonas sp913777295
s__HUN007 sp002315235
s__Clostridium_B kluyveri
s__SCTM01 sp947476695
s__Streptomyces sp026340095
s__Zag111 sp949292185
s__Hippea sp015490005
s__VAYN01 sp001898095
s__QVMH01 sp944321745
s__Shimia sp017744095
s__Aquabacterium sp021819435
s__WS-7 sp005893265
s__Pediococcus cellicola
s__HGM16780 sp944391365
s__WARW01 sp028704885
s__UBA8106 sp003509065
s__JAIRNQ01 sp031264145
s__Lepagella sp947176745
s__Streptococcus sp000220065
s__Oxalobacter sp023664945
s__Telmatospirillum sp021793155
s__Haliea sp002416125
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp002409145
s__Gallimonas merdigallinarum_A
s__Capnocytophaga sp000192225
s__Polynucleobacter aenigmaticus
s__Zhengella sp002708825
s__CAG-196 sp024408765
s__Pelagibacter sp902551755
s__AG-337-I02 sp003282155
s__UBA2402 sp019636615
s__Albidovulum salinarum
s__C7867-001 sp021849125
s__Psychrobacter sp904846645
s__CALJDU01 sp938024995
s__Collinsella sp900543605
s__Fluviibacter sp018883385
s__JAJRXG01 sp937942435
s__Pseudosulfitobacter sp000620505
s__Collinsella sp900545905
s__BACL21 sp011525065
s__Pedobacter sp003852395
s__HIMB30 sp024640985
s__Hoeflea_A prorocentri
s__GUT77 sp009786415
s__Marinoscillum sp902506655
s__Sulfitobacter donghicola
s__Caulobacter segnis
s__Palauibacter irciniicola
s__Agarivorans gilvus
s__SIO3C6 sp010692425
s__JAGOSC01 sp020632495
s__SG8-41 sp020028375
s__Nocardia carnea_B
s__HIMB59 sp902613845
s__Alkalispirochaeta alkalica
s__SYFN01 sp900299005
s__Sediminibacterium sp947461595
s__CAG-196 sp934754775
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023421245
s__CAZU01 sp944391445
s__JACCES01 sp030733815
s__Prochlorococcus sp000760215
s__Hylemonella sp002633085
s__M0103 sp947475275
s__TMED78 sp002171615
s__Pristimantibacillus castaneae
s__Aristaeella sp017512985
s__CAG-977 sp900768845
s__Ralstonia sp000620465
s__CALZGZ01 sp945787105
s__Sodaliphilus sp947165485
s__CAJXFJ01 sp913052515
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp027485485
s__JARJEH01 sp029310915
s__Paradesulfovibrio bizertensis
s__Metallibacterium sp021792975
s__Campylobacter_E sp022369455
s__Shimia sp014872815
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902784855
s__Bovifimicola sp902773095
s__Legionella_A impletisoli
s__Collinsella sp902464575
s__OLB17 sp001464665
s__Ferruginibacter sp018268135
s__Brevibacterium iodinum
s__Telluria sp001412595
s__Richelia intracellularis_B
s__CASDZP01 sp029068395
s__Psychrobacter sp018448495
s__Teredinibacter purpureus
s__Jiella flava
s__JAAYUR01 sp022703505
s__GCA-2707915 sp902542325
s__F23-B02 sp934636655
s__SKNL01 sp007120555
s__JAAXGX01 sp022820825
s__Otoolea sp027698105
s__Collinsella sp900544875
s__Flavobacterium sp947451525
s__XYB12-FULL-38-5 sp029210465
s__Duganella sp003416895
s__Psychrobacter sp001593285
s__20CM-4-69-16 sp003220795
s__Vescimonas sp900317425
s__Planococcus sp030413635
s__UMGS1976 sp938034875
s__UBA967 sp945903555
s__Methylocystis silviterrae
s__Fen-668 sp936924635
s__Arthrobacter_B citreus
s__JALSJK01 sp026990815
s__UBA3102 sp002365865
s__Tidjanibacter sp017936005
s__UBA4810 sp002479215
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_E
s__Aristaeella sp900318145
s__JAHEDH01 sp024639335
s__Undibacterium sp025359635
s__Alistipes sp022767745
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944325765
s__01-FULL-44-24b sp001793235
s__Lawsonibacter sp022791995
s__CALVXF01 sp944358325
s__Streptomyces sp003259365
s__Rothia sp916049665
s__WGA-3G sp022827885
s__JAEYLA01 sp023455425
s__Alloprevotella sp944320745
s__2-02-FULL-49-16 sp001788955
s__JAJYRW01 sp021793895
s__Elioraea sp006704265
s__Deinococcus humi
s__UBA4334 sp017448965
s__Leadbetterella fluvialis_A
s__Sphingobacterium sp021794195
s__Helicobacter_J sp030688855
s__UBA2645 sp945862455
s__Allorhizobium sp017599385
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp947470185
s__PALSA-747 sp947450545
s__O2-02-FULL-42-9 sp001801405
s__Bin94 sp022827345
s__Ponticaulis sp002723155
s__B6-G9 sp003650365
s__Micromonospora sp008119785
s__YA12-FULL-51-18 sp001800245
s__JACOTD01 sp016178535
s__Pseudomonas_E sp013179515
s__MED-G40 sp902554215
s__JAHJQV01 sp021772955
s__JAHDHB01 sp938016265
s__GCA-002720895 sp002937775
s__Megalodesulfovibrio sp020217165
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902612005
s__JAJYTL01 sp021793055
s__Limnohabitans sp903952885
s__Vreelandella lionensis
s__JAAYQU01 sp028709085
s__CAG-273 sp944390505
s__UBA3637 sp002373615
s__Pseudanabaena sp949128015
s__Geothrix sp016195985
s__Reyranella sp013205335
s__Tanticharoenia sakaeratensis
s__Sulfurospirillum sp016930915
s__Ellagibacter sp900554945
s__Flavivirga sp947502635
s__Neorhizobium sp024007765
s__Neobacillus niacini_B
s__UBA4124 sp002413705
s__Gallimonas sp944376295
s__Prevotella sp017483185
s__Bacteroides sp900761785
s__MWH-TA3 sp009704225
s__UBA1217 sp017960475
s__G016756615 sp016756615
s__JAANAU01 sp015232825
s__UBA2632 sp012840785
s__Limnohabitans sp945901225
s__JAIUMY01 sp020831535
s__CAG-115 sp934446455
s__Cuspidothrix issatschenkoi
s__Haploplasma axanthum
s__B1-G9 sp003644335
s__Actinomyces trachealis
s__2-01-FULL-43-14 sp001816835
s__Pseudomonas_F sp014700075
s__Pseudovibrio denitrificans
s__UBA1062 sp018436855
s__Paracoccus sp947487305
s__UBA1258 sp016280465
s__UBA1213 sp002308635
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp937944295
s__Sphingomonas sp001557215
s__Fimbriimonas sp027483535
s__Bacteroides sp947646015
s__UMGS1668 sp934466455
s__SYKU01 sp005808865
s__Leucobacter muris
s__Phenylobacterium sp030680185
s__CAG-170 sp934621665
s__Sporolactobacillus vineae
s__RUG11130 sp017518025
s__Enteromonas sp017626815
s__Streptococcus mitis_CM
s__Avanaerovorax sp949287095
s__Alistipes sp015059875
s__Anaerotignum sp009929735
s__CANGTU01 sp947456965
s__Phocaeicola sp944320815
s__Desulfosarcina cetonica
s__SMWF01 sp004357385
s__Nanopelagicus sp005793655
s__Occallatibacter sp003151435
s__Ruminococcus_E sp029218825
s__Aestuariivirga sp903930095
s__Rhodococcus tukisamuensis
s__DTU073 sp001512665
s__B32-G16 sp003645645
s__RGIG4103 sp017502065
s__JAIPAN01 sp945868825
s__Undibacterium nitidum
s__Chitinimonas sp002735695
s__Allobaculum mucilyticum
s__Faecousia sp945873295
s__Nocardioides daphniae
s__CAG-465 sp934169925
s__Bifidobacterium sp959020155
s__Nocardiopsis terrae
s__UBA8592 sp002722525
s__RUG13583 sp016284875
s__CAG-269 sp958438515
s__Enterosoma sp021621525
s__Casimicrobium sp004294365
s__Acaryochloris marina_A
s__Bin80 sp026709335
s__Tepidiforma sp026003995
s__Flagellimonas lutimaris
s__Marinomonas foliarum
s__Sphingomicrobium sp946886845
s__Paenibacillus sp900116105
s__Ligilactobacillus sp934215475
s__SKLM01 sp007118795
s__JAAXHE01 sp028877215
s__Ralstonia chuxiongensis
s__UBA1067 sp902770045
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233515
s__Poriferisodalis sp022820925
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_F
s__CAAGGB01 sp945827525
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947372425
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030529095
s__HyVt-16 sp029981435
s__Lentimicrobium sp002426025
s__Arenibacterium_A arenosum
s__Hylemonella sp016185015
s__Enterenecus sp934667095
s__SXYR01 sp017856605
s__AV69 sp003219175
s__Bifidobacterium biavatii
s__JANXVR01 sp025351565
s__Dyadobacter pollutisoli
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001399975
s__JABEVD01 sp021806605
s__RUG14179 sp017408325
s__Planktophila sp009702845
s__CAJOOD01 sp944358865
s__Fen-1137 sp003158455
s__SLLW01 sp007133875
s__Alteriqipengyuania_A marina
s__JADFOI01 sp027295745
s__Caldilinea sp903879975
s__Clostridium_AD bowmanii
s__Spirillospora rifamycini
s__Rhodoluna sp947453285
s__Faecimonas sp944364005
s__Brevundimonas sp027531145
s__Vreelandella massiliensis
s__CAG-793 sp944392425
s__Moraxella nasicaprae
s__JAPULR01 sp027294635
s__Bulleidia sp019415435
s__Sulfurimonas sp028694605
s__DTU032 sp001512745
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_F
s__Spyradenecus sp944389585
s__2-01-FULL-41-18 sp001772615
s__Aquirufa sp027491195
s__AG-339-G14 sp003282105
s__UMGS1449 sp934101575
s__Subteraquimicrobium sp030018275
s__Nitrosomonas sp003514765
s__RUG11792 sp902772645
s__RF16 sp018066175
s__Aestuariivirga sp016185245
s__JAJTBW01 sp021286705
s__GCA-2717285 sp002717285
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017509375
s__Planktophila sp945865365
s__Phil12 sp018065645
s__Oliverpabstia sp009929525
s__Ferdinandcohnia onubensis_B
s__OM05-12 sp944320785
s__Micromonospora sp003172935
s__Eoetvoesia sp004322135
s__Thiovibrio sp003517965
s__IGN3 sp016707115
s__Collinsella sp938045065
s__CAKQDS01 sp022010015
s__Ignavibacterium sp937934185
s__UWMA-0041 sp012965625
s__RGIG9201 sp017529085
s__UBA7455 sp027624035
s__Neorhizobium galegae_D
s__Akkermansia sp017549485
s__39-52-133 sp021782995
s__UBA6821 sp903823215
s__Chlorobium_A sp022360355
s__Saccharopolyspora_C sp016526145
s__Butyrivibrio sp000621565
s__REEB76 sp018971365
s__JAIPAH01 sp021738485
s__GWE1-39-12 sp001029735
s__JAJYTV01 sp021793215
s__UMGS1865 sp944391805
s__Paraclostridium sp017425305
s__VBDM01 sp005881355
s__Aestuariivirga sp016710435
s__GCA-002790575 sp002773095
s__UBA1786 sp017529865
s__Flagellimonas aequoris
s__Winogradskyella sp002706045
s__JAFUXM01 sp017449415
s__Pseudanabaena sp001402795
s__Silvibacterium dinghuense
s__Firm-16 sp017551625
s__Liquorilactobacillus sucicola
s__MED-G52 sp902632125
s__Fimimonas sp934294965
s__UBA6054 sp020831805
s__Oceaniferula sp013041925
s__Streptococcus cristatus_D
s__UBA10146 sp001001925
s__Bovifimicola sp900110975
s__Aquirickettsiella sp947475085
s__JAHJIY01 sp018823175
s__MPNP01 sp026709265
s__Brevundimonas sp030693575
s__Paracoccus shanxieyensis
s__JAJXXC01 sp021781215
s__Aquicella lusitana
s__Vicingus sp020635795
s__Streptomyces daqingensis
s__Vibrio inusitatus
s__Prochlorococcus_B marinus_C
s__UBA8337 sp018673175
s__JAAZVD01 sp017859335
s__CAG-115 sp934462925
s__VBCG01 sp020847675
s__M0103 sp024639405
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_C
s__UBA6382 sp900318305
s__PALSA-1081 sp003963305
s__Brevundimonas sp023409795
s__UBA1179 sp902798685
s__Scybalousia sp934148875
s__CACNXK01 sp902624425
s__Senegalimassilia sp902464545
s__UMGS1820 sp902760955
s__Succiniclasticum sp017460905
s__UBA1147 sp002311315
s__4572-104 sp016935815
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp002299135
s__Pontimicrobium sp011777505
s__UBA12567 sp024230295
s__RGIG8164 sp017962745
s__Sporosarcina ureae_D
s__JACRGX01 sp016207865
s__Bog-1183 sp003136635
s__Prevotella sp938028745
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp016716675
s__20CM-2-55-15 sp003223875
s__JAEDJI01 sp934096805
s__2-12-FULL-57-11 sp001791115
s__Lepagella sp014801595
s__Eubacterium_F sp002362575
s__UBA9312 sp023133185
s__Stercorousia sp944326605
s__JAJXWQ01 sp021781555
s__JALGZG01 sp030595835
s__Pseudochrobactrum sp900470735
s__JAJQAO01 sp021201965
s__Enterocloster sp944382045
s__Asanoa ferruginea
s__AG-337-I02 sp902580765
s__Nitrotoga sp016721605
s__CAG-1000 sp944358375
s__UBA1740 sp017621755
s__Zavarzinia compransoris
s__Treponema_D sp002404895
s__Psychrobacter lutiphocae
s__Aulosira linckia_A
s__Algoriphagus sp027593175
s__Pseudoduganella sp001191005
s__GWA1-54-10 sp001773575
s__Desulfovibrio sp011039085
s__DRKI01 sp015484845
s__Bin80 sp002238805
s__Scatenecus sp944323585
s__Streptomyces sp940670765
s__UMGS1518 sp937960425
s__UBA1930 sp019638475
s__Prevotella sp022774105
s__Anaeroplasma sp902796895
s__Eubacterium_R sp017543415
s__Aminobacter carboxidus
s__Eubacterium_J sp947089855
s__Dialister sp002439665
s__JJ008 sp903846615
s__CAMWPM01 sp947176235
s__CAG-605 sp934101445
s__Eubacterium_Q sp000687975
s__Rhizomicrobium sp028871795
s__Chiayiivirga sp026410415
s__Firm-16 sp017545245
s__Ancrocorticia populi
s__Mycobacterium sp002968335
s__SXND01 sp005777235
s__Saccharicenans sp024653215
s__Faecalimonas sp900316755
s__D2472 sp003283765
s__JACZQZ01 sp022572335
s__UBA12191 sp002691835
s__UBA9320 sp913050005
s__WLND01 sp945901095
s__Aphodocola sp944329445
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp022539275
s__Microbacterium sp031178475
s__Ralstonia pickettii_A
s__UBA8828 sp903929325
s__Bin94 sp028873845
s__Duodenibacillus sp937995395
s__CALXQW01 sp944389315
s__Hankyongella ginsenosidimutans
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944325055
s__Nocardioides_B sp013361955
s__Phenylobacterium sp001824475
s__UBA7446 sp024639165
s__Niabella beijingensis
s__UBA3535 sp002376845
s__Flavobacterium micromati
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp005883675
s__Telluria aurea_B
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944323625
s__GCA-2737595 sp903844855
s__Chitinophaga ginsengisegetis
s__Pelagimonas varians
s__Fen-1058 sp003154115
s__Ruminococcus sp945910815
s__VAUL01 sp005774545
s__JABIJZ01 sp018655275
s__UBA1786 sp018066015
s__RGIG464 sp017421975
s__Ventrenecus sp904374795
s__BCD5 sp013359255
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp945928575
s__JAKAUB01 sp021827845
s__Clostridium_J tunisiense
s__UBA8901 sp002403115
s__Riesia pediculischaeffi
s__Pelagibacter sp902618695
s__Acetobacter suratthaniensis
s__Alistipes sp949419965
s__JACTMJ01 sp020853155
s__Pelagibacter sp902598265
s__Roseibacillus persicicus
s__Aerophototrophica crusticola
s__UBA2475 sp016705695
s__GN02-872 sp003260325
s__Pseudothioglobus sp938086805
s__Nocardia huaxiensis
s__Aphodocola sp910580185
s__Alistipes sp944320625
s__Paenibacillus barcinonensis
s__CAJMBK01 sp944332485
s__PNKZ01 sp017303535
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp015485335
s__HOT-345 sp916049765
s__M0103 sp945868555
s__Fen-1258 sp003155655
s__Sphingopyxis alaskensis
s__Streptomyces sp030816915
s__Occultella kanbiaonis
s__Pusillimonas_A sp012744285
s__RUG410 sp934277545
s__JACKER01 sp020632925
s__QVMH01 sp949297975
s__Aminobacter aganoensis
s__Luteibacter anthropi
s__Helicobacter_B sp944323645
s__Hahella sp018986435
s__Rhodanobacter sp021793575
s__UBA3839 sp024684455
s__UBA1711 sp902783595
s__RZYF01 sp010014665
s__Fibrobacter sp946408125
s__Halomonas halmophila
s__UBA737 sp017503305
s__Sivonenia alaskensis
s__UBA4246 sp902760595
s__Enorma sp900538305
s__Hominicoprocola sp934636865
s__Catenulispora pinisilvae
s__Rhodoluna sp017983965
s__CAG-873 sp947175575
s__Paenibacillus massiliensis
s__CALDZK01 sp937944145
s__Wujia sp900321145
s__Malacoplasma sp947177125
s__Mannheimia cairinae
s__UBA6857 sp015066045
s__Scatomorpha sp944385815
s__DAOVDN01 sp030611985
s__T78 sp002347705
s__51-20 sp902489675
s__Profunditerraquicola sanfordiae
s__Enteromonas sp944363525
s__Enterocloster sp900551225
s__JAJZAM01 sp021847945
s__Frankia canadensis
s__Lactovum miscens
s__SLCH01 sp003566995
s__JAADFJ01 sp027080125
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002395925
s__Bin87 sp028875655
s__Nitratireductor sp002697745
s__Pseudocolwellia agarivorans
s__UBA1213 sp902803805
s__Pristimantibacillus sp002741035
s__Sphingomonas sp000251145
s__JALTON01 sp027000115
s__JAJYQQ01 sp021796415
s__JAGGRZ01 sp021159335
s__Luteolibacter sp903909905
s__Leifsonia soli
s__CAITQP01 sp903894565
s__Megasphaera sp934202965
s__Roseburia sp026168605
s__Labilithrix sp019637155
s__CAIUQR01 sp021779275
s__CAG-273 sp944392545
s__UBA1784 sp017508385
s__UBA9145 sp002726595
s__JAHEGN01 sp024645085
s__Malacoplasma penetrans
s__GCA-014075295 sp014075295
s__JABWBB01 sp013360675
s__UBA1740 sp902778985
s__Bacteroides sp944322345
s__UBA6821 sp903847935
s__Mycosynbacter sp015999875
s__UBA3263 sp947177035
s__Rhizobium sp004341625
s__VFZK01 sp022616615
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021847105
s__UBA3946 sp002385575
s__UBA3583 sp028708575
s__Bifidobacterium criceti
s__Fusobacterium_B sp012843705
s__NIOZ-UU13 sp022566315
s__Halomonas sp029889845
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp001775755
s__CAJOQB01 sp905236405
s__Thioclava dalianensis
s__Bacteroides sp023336905
s__RUG410 sp945835885
s__Campylobacter_D sp003627915
s__GCA-2718595 sp012959595
s__Streptomyces sp003851625
s__CAJXKP01 sp913055565
s__Holdemanella sp934772795
s__Bosea lupini
s__Planktophila sp009705035
s__Rifleibacterium amylolyticum
s__JAAURB01 sp012033335
s__RF16 sp900768725
s__Collinsella sp900760385
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902763855
s__UMGS1865 sp017501225
s__Pelagibacter sp902585665
s__Phocaeicola sp017466635
s__Vaginimicrobium propionicum
s__Bifidobacterium bombi
s__UBA2943 sp902775835
s__Balnearium sp015488335
s__JAHJCL01 sp018813025
s__Cyanobium sp903831165
s__CP2-2F sp003695215
s__Nitrotoga sp945874105
s__Enterobacillus tribolii
s__Villigracilis sp020634885
s__Allorhizobium naphthalenivorans_A
s__UBA952 sp945892995
s__Marinomonas hwangdonensis
s__Pelagibacter sp003281045
s__Lancefieldella sp902481575
s__Modicisalibacter luteus
s__Streptococcus oralis_C
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AN
s__Myceligenerans sp014892515
s__Actinomyces faecalis
s__Ichthyocystis hellenicum
s__Porphyromonas sp018127745
s__Shewanella sp019655055
s__JABEVD01 sp021802545
s__UBA2653 sp021732495
s__Phocaeicola sp944321335
s__Bin107 sp011523725
s__WTAW01 sp013139435
s__Saccharofermentans sp016292135
s__Streptococcus mitis_CN
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_L
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017552105
s__Choladousia sp020859985
s__C7867-001 sp021811365
s__Thermogutta sp014359955
s__UBA6170 sp001899005
s__UBA1234 sp944393265
s__Hydrogenophaga crassostreae
s__Pseudomonas_E helmanticensis
s__Carnobacterium_A iners
s__Rhodoferax sp012927445
s__JACQDE01 sp016201285
s__Pseudolabrys sp019635575
s__Pseudobutyricicoccus sp016901775
s__Fibrobacter sp900142535
s__Ohtaekwangia sp023417785
s__Enterousia sp944390185
s__GCA-2717465 sp002717465
s__Streptococcus sp902488495
s__JADKHR01 sp016788905
s__Guanabacterium sp029880275
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp025927515
s__Phenylobacterium sp023412655
s__RUG705 sp900321645
s__Ohtaekwangia sp023428695
s__CANLDA01 sp947489325
s__DTHT01 sp938027685
s__Deferrimicrobium sp024653725
s__UBA2251 sp023230905
s__Actinoplanes abujensis
s__Polynucleobacter sp947372155
s__Lepagella sp947175145
s__Streptomyces thermodiastaticus
s__VXPW01 sp022825705
s__Ga0077529 sp001464525
s__Otoolea sp958442925
s__Prochlorococcus sp003212515
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946414825
s__JAHWJQ01 sp019348255
s__Ramlibacter sp028292105
s__Flavobacterium jumunjinense
s__UBA3766 sp947303375
s__Prevotella sp944320195
s__JAIRKH01 sp031265845
s__Porphyromonas sp915070105
s__GCA-002727735 sp902536695
s__Brachybacterium faecium
s__RFVC01 sp018698975
s__Pedobacter sp024436415
s__Teredinibacter sp900177435
s__Aliidiomarina sp001458075
s__UBA952 sp030727405
s__JAHDCG01 sp937923465
s__Microcystis novacekii
s__50-400-T64 sp029212965
s__Pelethenecus sp947174785
s__Chromobacterium sphagni
s__Novosphingobium sp017987575
s__Pseudidiomarina homiensis
s__Roseovarius autotrophicus
s__Pelomonas saccharophila
s__Mycobacterium sp001668725
s__CSBr16-58 sp003566715
s__Paraclostridium ghonii
s__RGIG1995 sp017441005
s__WRBW01 sp009784345
s__Streptococcus mitis_CO
s__41-269 sp001508005
s__Thiodictyon sp903837595
s__JALCQC01 sp022650895
s__Nanosyncoccus sp002371235
s__Legionella_C rubrilucens
s__Microbacterium ulmi
s__CALUOB01 sp944321435
s__Wenjunlia vitaminophila
s__Furfurilactobacillus sp003482405
s__JAEUJQ01 sp020247085
s__Pedobacter sp031119475
s__BIFV01 sp003990955
s__CAIPTY01 sp903868145
s__RUG14121 sp902795845
s__SLMS01 sp007132505
s__Onthenecus sp944349855
s__Enterosoma sp900770925
s__Gemmiger sp944388165
s__Veillonella fallax
s__GCA-2786225 sp009991425
s__GCA-002733185 sp905181835
s__Parapusillimonas granuli
s__Veillonella_A sp900545795
s__SZUA-140 sp015492435
s__Marivariicella sp002711185
s__Rugosibacter sp030645365
s__Mariniblastus sp029251085
s__AC-51 sp005883885
s__GCA-2721545 sp004356775
s__JADFXV01 sp015233395
s__MWH-TA3 sp009703545
s__Terrilactibacillus laevilacticus
s__Streptomyces globosus
s__MAAV01 sp004563595
s__CAG-448 sp017382615
s__CASPLG01 sp948815685
s__Treponema_D socranskii
s__Paenibacillus ihuae
s__UBA8260 sp003491925
s__UBA737 sp934454655
s__CAJJAM01 sp905182235
s__GBS-DC sp937925775
s__UBA6398 sp900314335
s__Azospirillum rugosum
s__UBA5536 sp015709215
s__Jannaschia seohaensis
s__Desulfurivibrio sp003557565
s__UBA5189 sp003250155
s__UBA3079 sp002366635
s__CAIQOK01 sp903873415
s__JABMOW01 sp013204025
s__UBA1189 sp017650105
s__Lientehia sp944375845
s__Pseudohongiella sp011050365
s__CAJGBR01 sp904501625
s__Methylonatrum sp003565775
s__OLB19 sp023898585
s__Sphingomonas sp902826325
s__Hymenobacter qilianensis
s__Streptomyces bicolor
s__Rhodococcus sp009872365
s__Egerieousia sp900322025
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AH
s__JAAYLA01 sp012522135
s__Bosea sp003248805
s__JAJZJJ01 sp021810175
s__Mycobacterium simulans
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948511255
s__Flavobacterium sp947378465
s__Villigracilis sp020217065
s__Ruminococcus_E sp018918205
s__CAIMZW01 sp947371865
s__Flavicella sp905479475
s__Roseburia sp947642555
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000935045
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002709915
s__Leptothoe turfae
s__Chordicoccus sp902766955
s__JANQHT01 sp028282545
s__GWE2-42-24 sp028689615
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_N
s__JABMPE01 sp027624335
s__JACKJF01 sp020638065
s__RGIG1902 sp945947915
s__Flavobacterium sediminis
s__Collinsella sp900544065
s__UBA9145 sp007571115
s__Eubacterium_Q sp000703065
s__Chordicoccus sp002350625
s__Collinsella sp900552685
s__RUG695 sp902796885
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp002299245
s__SZUA-76 sp011053135
s__JAEKLB01 sp019510095
s__Planococcus chinensis
s__Pirellula_B sp947463915
s__JAFGRW01 sp016934935
s__GCA-003244245 sp025924655
s__UMGS2016 sp905203475
s__Spirosoma telluris
s__UMGS124 sp900539345
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324685
s__2-02-FULL-44-16 sp001798185
s__JAQUTK01 sp028691445
s__Furfurilactobacillus siliginis
s__Limimorpha sp001603665
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp023399375
s__Limnobaculum zhutongyuii
s__46-47 sp028716785
s__2-12-FULL-57-22 sp001798455
s__Scatosoma sp017467265
s__Moorella humiferrea
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_B
s__RAAP-2 sp021807265
s__Paratractidigestivibacter sp905215465
s__Streptomyces sp001184025
s__2-01-FULL-48-16 sp001823155
s__Brevundimonas sp002434505
s__Amycolatopsis methanolica
s__UMGS1623 sp900553525
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_P
s__JACVSF01 sp014534085
s__UMGS882 sp934444645
s__Methylocystis hirsuta
s__ISDg sp944384025
s__UMGS1260 sp900550105
s__Paenibacillus_Z lignilyticus
s__Leptofilum sp020634495
s__Lysobacter_H spongiae
s__Brevibacterium sp031179165
s__Pirellula_B sp021736575
s__Rathayibacter sp015351245
s__Sulfurimonas sediminis
s__UBA12135 sp003497555
s__CALADF01 sp937890835
s__Mucilaginibacter oryzae
s__Desulfotomaculum nigrificans
s__GWA2-49-15 sp001769855
s__UBA4372 sp945828295
s__SFHK01 sp016296675
s__MGBC108787 sp947571135
s__Aureimonas ureilytica
s__Streptococcus sp905221545
s__Acidovorax sp003231145
s__Geomonas edaphica
s__UBA1227 sp018065925
s__GCA-2711565 sp003353955
s__Prevotella sp947170725
s__Pelagibacter sp902543295
s__Pannonibacter sp009915765
s__Casp-actino8 sp004379135
s__Pseudomonas_E californiensis
s__UBA6055 sp026709625
s__Flavobacterium rivuli
s__Leisingera aquaemixtae_A
s__Leucobacter aridicollis_A
s__Phocaeicola sp947168315
s__Atribacter sp003542295
s__UBA6448 sp934086485
s__JAJDYQ01 sp022825085
s__Rubrobacter radiotolerans
s__JAKANL01 sp021823685
s__PGYR01 sp020437395
s__Merdousia sp905214995
s__Mobiluncus sp916438445
s__Undibacterium sp030645915
s__Pelagibacter sp902529645
s__Afipia sp001897905
s__JACJYM01 sp020636155
s__SG8-38 sp029863605
s__CAIMWO01 sp903845195
s__Clostridium sp022785265
s__JALGTV01 sp029821215
s__RUG11797 sp017441705
s__CAJGDV01 sp022763805
s__CAZU01 sp934255405
s__Blautia_A sp934373235
s__UBA11704 sp021734745
s__JAHFDX01 sp945865595
s__UBA7317 sp002474345
s__UBA2463 sp009646425
s__CAIQAW01 sp903869875
s__Scalindua sp024654465
s__NK4A144 sp900114405
s__UBA1213 sp902801715
s__Pelagibacter sp902555275
s__Streptococcus oralis_BP
s__JAHDHW01 sp028280415
s__JAMLIO01 sp023954155
s__Palsa-187 sp945861625
s__Sulfurovum sp020719895
s__SZUA-320 sp003246755
s__Parasynechococcus sp003208835
s__Nanogingivalis sp010014525
s__Anaerotignum sp902477755
s__Nocardioides psychrotolerans
s__Traorella sp944324265
s__CAG-238 sp017436705
s__Mycobacterium sinense_C
s__JACOSC01 sp016179055
s__CAQBRY01 sp948762645
s__SZUA-584 sp023396555
s__Nocardia ninae
s__CAMDTE01 sp945907425
s__Haliea alexandrii
s__Devosia psychrophila
s__JABDRL01 sp013041765
s__CAADHD01 sp900696575
s__Paenibacillus_A ihumii
s__Collinsella sp902480795
s__Prevotella sp902786665
s__Faecalimonas sp947366105
s__Aeromicrobium sp005788575
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947454355
s__Saccharimonas sp943914775
s__CAKKRZ01 sp919902925
s__51-20 sp944390315
s__Stercorousia sp944324295
s__JACOTK01 sp016178435
s__Geothrix paludis
s__Paraliobacillus ryukyuensis
s__Marinobacter sp018066865
s__Jatrophihabitans_A sp030840295
s__UBA1393 sp002305255
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948435375
s__JAKQDP01 sp029558735
s__Rudaea sp018240465
s__CALWSW01 sp944384305
s__Microcystis aeruginosa_I
s__MED727 sp902605645
s__JAAZBG01 sp023459055
s__F0422 sp003992015
s__Neptunomonas antarctica
s__CANNCD01 sp947503035
s__Paenibacillus_E phytorum
s__Vibrio sp006124995
s__UBA9973 sp943359365
s__Alistipes sp017521945
s__CAMBFX01 sp945865695
s__FB2012 sp017536105
s__Mycobacterium methanotrophicum
s__Vreelandella sedimenti
s__PWVN01 sp007136165
s__FMMP01 sp937921505
s__Enterobacter sp003057745
s__RUG592 sp902763835
s__Billgrantia chromatireducens
s__DAHUZJ01 sp027306585
s__CALQRR01 sp943330985
s__Faecousia sp900769995
s__DYGU01 sp020724525
s__CAG-1782 sp016297005
s__Palsa-1315 sp005116815
s__CAG-873 sp029056365
s__Pseudomonas_E sp947090765
s__Roseobacter sp947493125
s__UBA5704 sp025937035
s__Lepagella sp947174235
s__CAKOQQ01 sp028708945
s__Oceanisphaera arctica
s__Flexivirga endophytica
s__UBA4971 sp002398515
s__JABDFW01 sp013286305
s__Gluconobacter_A japonicus_A
s__Clostridium sp015555905
s__Bifidobacterium simiiventris
s__Kosakonia arachidis
s__Klenkia taihuensis
s__GCA-002727735 sp002694645
s__Pseudomonas_E sp022132145
s__CAG-873 sp945828175
s__JAJDGJ01 sp029893765
s__Herbiconiux sp005502775
s__PSRF01 sp025923035
s__UBA8309 sp009936825
s__Archangium violaceum
s__Schnuerera ultunensis
s__SXNM01 sp947491025
s__Aquabacterium_A pictum
s__Zgenome-0027 sp003854995
s__Arsenicicoccus piscis
s__Octadecabacter arcticus
s__Anoxybacillus mongoliensis
s__CG03 sp002780705
s__UBA1664 sp002320485
s__T3Sed10-11 sp007128495
s__Caccovivens sp944372435
s__AC2028 sp017543485
s__Parasedimentitalea sp030285785
s__RGIG3091 sp944332575
s__Collinsella sp900542965
s__Nonomuraea glycinis
s__Alteromonas sp000753865
s__SYFN01 sp021298975
s__Fretibacterium fastidiosum
s__Lentimonas sp002430605
s__Actinacidiphila cocklensis
s__ARS1013 sp913046255
s__Hydrogenimonas sp026986055
s__Marinomonas lutimaris
s__AQU-03 sp945877855
s__Alistipes senegalensis_B
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicae
s__Caccovivens sp944377365
s__Gp1-AA112 sp003225215
s__Mycoplasmopsis_B testudinea
s__GMQP-bins7 sp013811645
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017406775
s__Schneewindia gallinarum
s__MAG-120531 sp018500075
s__JAGLSG01 sp023139715
s__Lysobacter_C avium
s__SYFI01 sp005792725
s__Gymnodinialimonas phycosphaerae
s__UBA2589 sp027623325
s__UBA2995 sp027622555
s__Aquella sp008017155
s__Metamycoplasma phocoeninasale
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903859265
s__JAEWGG01 sp023388435
s__Specibacter alpinus_C
s__Lentilactobacillus farraginis
s__Sulfurimonas sp028684815
s__UBA2110 sp002388005
s__CAG-791 sp028706005
s__Agromyces italicus
s__Paludisphaera sp001898385
s__GCA-2719775 sp002719775
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031269735
s__Streptacidiphilus albus
s__JACNJU01 sp014382375
s__Collinsella sp900549185
s__UBA9088 sp003498085
s__B6-G13 sp003641785
s__Williamsoniiplasma freundtii
s__RUG11690 sp024400635
s__Lawsonibacter sp009911645
s__Palsa-295 sp003131985
s__Treponema_B sp024181225
s__50-400-T64 sp002162755
s__Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans
s__Mitsuaria chitosanitabida
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_D
s__UBA7867 sp944384375
s__Lacibacter sp947456025
s__GCA-001735895 sp029864185
s__Zoogloea sp016789125
s__O2-12-FULL-44-13 sp001817765
s__JACKQF01 sp024232965
s__UBA11600 sp002720285
s__Pedobacter steynii
s__CAKMZR01 sp929200455
s__UMGS902 sp958414825
s__Cribrihabitans marinus
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187445
s__Companilactobacillus zhachilii
s__Polaribacter sp937771065
s__Rhizobium metallidurans
s__BM518 sp002869435
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A glycophila
s__Merdiplasma sp028689585
s__Scatovivens sp944390345
s__Microtetraspora glauca
s__Ruminococcus_E sp003520555
s__Enterousia sp904502095
s__Scatenecus sp944326565
s__CAG-791 sp902796425
s__Lawsonibacter sp947172355
s__Mycoplasma_N fastidiosum
s__Komagataeibacter medellinensis
s__Ventrenecus sp944363605
s__UBA737 sp934466515
s__Streptococcus mitis_AW
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023443315
s__Nanosyncoccus sp002350545
s__Litorivicinus sp012269655
s__JAJYIV01 sp021789915
s__Jiangella alba
s__JASHUC01 sp030040575
s__Fervidobacterium sp002432805
s__Sphingopyxis italica
s__Janibacter limosus_A
s__Thiomicrorhabdus arctica
s__Roseateles terrae
s__JABIRP01 sp018699735
s__PHOS-HE28 sp008016945
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp008933495
s__AG-422-B15 sp902547315
s__Pelagerythrobacter marensis
s__Marinagarivorans algicola
s__UBA5609 sp028713955
s__Trichormus_B azollae
s__Alicyclobacillus_L cycloheptanicus
s__Fen-1039 sp003157175
s__Rubrivivax sp016716535
s__UBA4416 sp020846025
s__Lactobacillus sp029392675
s__Methylophilus sp015354335
s__Prevotella sp017442825
s__Thomasclavelia sp017889095
s__Herbiconiux gentiana
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp029248455
s__PXBB01 sp003565735
s__UBA1847 sp013001045
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp900116385
s__Flavobacterium sp020161455
s__GWC1-42-9 sp000995185
s__Desulfobacula sp014237455
s__Thermomicrobium sp002898975
s__UMGS1322 sp905214315
s__UBA2834 sp946406315
s__Arthrobacter sp017357425
s__Porticoccus sp002707685
s__Pelagisphaera phototrophica
s__Acidocella sp003137135
s__Legionella santicrucis
s__Corallococcus exercitus
s__Parvibacter sp947649875
s__S0819 sp009295635
s__CANGYM01 sp947458235
s__UBA12454 sp002068635
s__NK4A144 sp017633935
s__Alistipes sp900769525
s__Anaerocolumna cellulosilytica
s__GCA-2705445 sp018675635
s__UBA4092 sp002428325
s__JABWBC01 sp013360695
s__Parolsenella uli_A
s__Planococcus citreus
s__JAHDES01 sp020628085
s__Limivicinus sp029264685
s__MPNO01 sp022826125
s__JALNWG01 sp023231005
s__2-02-FULL-66-22 sp001771285
s__Limimorpha sp017508895
s__RUG14156 sp944324455
s__JALOCE01 sp023227925
s__Flexilinea sp017417055
s__Chromatium okenii_A
s__UBA11663 sp913041065
s__JAHDDY01 sp937957975
s__Salipiger pacificus
s__Eubacterium_J sp947385775
s__CSSed11-197 sp003552785
s__Nocardia carnea_C
s__JAKALQ01 sp021784375
s__Mycobacterium hippocampi_A
s__Brachyspira sp029258575
s__Mesorhizobium sp006440735
s__JACKJK01 sp020637855
s__YB1-3 sp030448025
s__Pelagibacter sp902578265
s__O2-01-FULL-48-27b sp001824915
s__UBA3789 sp902783315
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp014763835
s__TMED27 sp023898785
s__Endozoicomonas elysicola
s__Sporosarcina sp000813425
s__Prevotella sp002353525
s__UBA5976 sp002430405
s__F23-D06 sp017651425
s__Fimenecus sp902491475
s__Arenibacter sp003426735
s__CALANC01 sp937925895
s__JAIPEL01 sp021737185
s__UBA1081 sp944412445
s__Edaphobacter acidisoli
s__Cryobacterium roopkundense
s__Gemmobacter_B amnigenus
s__Epibacterium sp947497985
s__Sphingorhabdus_B lacus
s__Alistipes sp021204515
s__UBA3824 sp017543645
s__UBA2883 sp900313115
s__DTOV01 sp018052995
s__Comamonas sp023435325
s__SIG204 sp934154785
s__Caproicibacter sp002410755
s__Kineosphaera limosa
s__Ga0077546 sp913063055
s__Streptococcus sp905221415
s__Hominicoprocola sp934572445
s__Halolactibacillus halophilus
s__S144-35 sp015494185
s__DYGI01 sp020724805
s__Alistipes sp017628595
s__Solibacter sp025358475
s__Lepagella sp029062005
s__Lacibacter sp002336115
s__Caccovivens sp944372355
s__JABDJY01 sp011087645
s__Evtepia sp900758955
s__JADKCZ01 sp016718565
s__CAG-269 sp944386355
s__Prevotella sp944319795
s__Vibrio sp002608565
s__Flavobacterium sp022532105
s__UBA4421 sp902528515
s__UBA1426 sp002329675
s__BOCB01 sp026002695
s__Parazoarcus sp023230755
s__WGA-3G sp009835515
s__Geothrix sp021794095
s__ZC4RG42 sp003242425
s__Akkermansia sp024405455
s__Permianibacter aggregans
s__Nitrosomonas ureae_C
s__Versatilivorator vitaminiformans
s__Hymenobacter sp017571525
s__Bacillus_A sp008923725
s__Lacipirellula limnantheis
s__Sulfurovum sp937938065
s__Faecousia sp017429325
s__Palauibacter sp913043255
s__Shewanella psychropiezotolerans
s__Corynebacterium hindlerae
s__OLB19 sp015485575
s__E29-bin54 sp003567655
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp029779755
s__UBA1240 sp902797925
s__Aquimarina sp947492405
s__Collinsella sp900756765
s__Brenneria sp013155275
s__SHLQ01 sp938038785
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030693485
s__UBA9089 sp003485015
s__CALKXV01 sp938005545
s__Paenibacillus_T cellulosilyticus
s__Telluria sp018119395
s__Desulfurispirillum indicum
s__Parafilimonas sp025927795
s__Butyribacter sp934320845
s__Pradoshia sp904501845
s__Faecousia sp002362145
s__JAGUYA01 sp028717245
s__WJIX01 sp014730075
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp014382365
s__Brevibacterium sp021023135
s__Novosphingobium sp000253255
s__UBA1067 sp016288465
s__Selenomonas_C sp900314825
s__Austwickia sp020161845
s__Spirosoma oryzicola
s__Lactobacillus psittaci
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A helianthi
s__Flavobacterium notoginsengisoli
s__Firm-04 sp003446315
s__Firm-16 sp017551865
s__JAJYBC01 sp021779255
s__Corynebacterium meridianum
s__Acetatifactor sp934394815
s__Phocaeicola sp900552075
s__Porcincola sp900321365
s__JAICNG01 sp025931335
s__Desulfatibia_A vada
s__Streptococcus gwangjuense_A
s__Psychrobacter sp904846605
s__Alistipes intestinigallinarum
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp012516875
s__Apibacter raozihei
s__B1SED10-75 sp003550565
s__QAMX01 sp015067825
s__M0108 sp018435665
s__UBA1711 sp016292015
s__Nitrosomonas sp017984435
s__Pseudolabrys sp025929185
s__PWLR01 sp003558435
s__Gallimonas sp944354035
s__Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum_A
s__CAIWHF01 sp024640225
s__UBA8592 sp030740795
s__JAGNEX01 sp018003035
s__SIG480 sp017435965
s__Flavihumibacter sp020161535
s__Corynebacterium efficiens
s__Allorhizobium sp027533385
s__BNTO01 sp025996655
s__DSQQ01 sp023151115
s__Desulfobacula sp019038815
s__UBA3282 sp947577185
s__Veillonella infantium
s__Thiomonas sp021798395
s__Cephaloticoccus sp021734075
s__UBA12014 sp905480395
s__Streptococcus cristatus_K
s__DTLM01 sp938084835
s__HXMU1420-13 sp017640605
s__Clostridium_T paridis
s__Bacillus australimaris
s__Lonsdalea quercina_D
s__GCA-002690875 sp902618535
s__YA12-FULL-48-11 sp028716365
s__Rickettsia canadensis
s__Allorhizobium sp001429245
s__GCA-002282575 sp022759035
s__Vibrio sp000830455
s__GCA-002697625 sp905478555
s__CAJOIG01 sp021203045
s__Polaribacter glomeratus
s__Hominimerdicola alba_B
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017410265
s__Microbacterium sp001422925
s__Nicoletella semolina
s__Sphaerotilus montanus
s__Fibrella algicola
s__Onthovivens sp944327845
s__NBLH01 sp016937695
s__UBA2834 sp002361425
s__MGBC122484 sp910577395
s__CF-13 sp005880875
s__Pseudovibrio sp947502585
s__Anaplasma capra
s__Pseudoroseomonas ludipueritiae
s__Enterousia sp944389235
s__JAGLHE01 sp023143685
s__JAJYMT01 sp021786695
s__Ruminococcus_C sp021201755
s__UMGS1696 sp902783755
s__Dyella_A sp018970895
s__Glycocaulis alkaliphilus
s__Pelagibacter sp902612225
s__HIMB114 sp002692055
s__Dysosmobacter sp016293265
s__Labilithrix sp001899635
s__Undibacterium oligocarboniphilum
s__RUG13583 sp017474765
s__CAUBKG01 sp958436475
s__PWLI01 sp003559415
s__JAJXWQ01 sp021790035
s__JADJVJ01 sp937873315
s__JAAUTT01 sp021779665
s__UBA5893 sp944376845
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030696775
s__Occallatibacter sp003142015
s__JAEZZZ01 sp023418255
s__Maribacter sp947500985
s__WYEG01 sp009903935
s__UBA5436 sp012522435
s__Erwinia_C superficialis
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021784755
s__Neptunomonas marina
s__RUG410 sp017480745
s__JAFAHD01 sp019235715
s__Ancylobacter mangrovi
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_X
s__Avisuccinivibrio sp944389865
s__RUG14087 sp902795615
s__VXMT01 sp009840965
s__Planktophila sp009704505
s__Bin87 sp028873965
s__Novosphingobium capsulatum_A
s__Pelolinea submarina
s__Cellulomonas sp018898235
s__Brevibacillus composti
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903919535
s__Bradyrhizobium daqingense
s__Leptospira_B sp000347035
s__CAG-177 sp017473165
s__Flavobacterium saliperosum
s__UBA11549 sp944391535
s__Thioglobus_A sp937896195
s__Pelethenecus sp029057785
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_U
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_N
s__UBA4416 sp945860225
s__JAAYHS01 sp023394955
s__WLWZ01 sp905182615
s__Scatovivens sp947649935
s__Coproplasma sp947176305
s__Desulforhopalus sp001799365
s__Nocardia carnea
s__Clavibacter zhangzhiyongii
s__Cardinium sp000689375
s__Hominilimicola sp910585795
s__GCA-2689605 sp002689605
s__Ruminococcus sp947176565
s__UBA636 sp017454765
s__Flavobacterium sp001464475
s__Gryllotalpicola sp009780695
s__RUG11198 sp934176955
s__CAJVYJ01 sp913009475
s__G023898405 sp023898405
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687495
s__Leadbettera sp009786615
s__Dysgonomonas sp031285625
s__Crossiella equi
s__UMGS1901 sp900556135
s__Clostridium_E merdae
s__Pelagibacter sp003281005
s__JAJYIQ01 sp021787635
s__Synechococcus_C sp030756895
s__Methylophilus sp002414145
s__Coprenecus sp944326225
s__Acididesulfobacillus acetoxydans
s__Pelagibacter sp902622795
s__CACKLF01 sp002725175
s__Mediannikoviicoccus massiliensis
s__Psychromonas sp011378715
s__CAJQQY01 sp937918905
s__Pectinatus brassicae
s__Polaromonas sp947450765
s__Pelagibacter sp902517745
s__Siccirubricoccus deserti
s__JADZDL01 sp020851075
s__Aestuariivivens sediminicola
s__Microsaccharimonas sp001897295
s__Lederbergia_A wuyishanensis
s__Ligilactobacillus hayakitensis
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902635645
s__RF16 sp017402895
s__Flavobacterium sp027531905
s__Fournierella sp002160145
s__Paraprevotella sp944320765
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903887005
s__UBA12158 sp002780135
s__JAFAQI01 sp025929315
s__UBA952 sp023268965
s__Catellatospora bangladeshensis
s__UBA1096 sp003972865
s__UBA3015 sp945874125
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902765225
s__Thiobacillus sp021821425
s__UBA1412 sp002308515
s__Pelotomaculum_B propionicicum
s__Rubinisphaera sp002359185
s__Haliea sp002414665
s__Streptococcus oralis_L
s__2-01-FULL-58-14 sp001824745
s__Facklamia lactis
s__NK4A144 sp017453965
s__Coproplasma sp947053655
s__Methylophaga muralis
s__CALLOB01 sp938005315
s__CAITIS01 sp903892515
s__UBA7883 sp002500605
s__CAIYUN01 sp903869955
s__CAMTJU01 sp947073045
s__JAIXZD01 sp027489895
s__JAMWCX01 sp023818895
s__UMGS1883 sp934476455
s__Actinocatenispora sera
s__Spiribacter salinus
s__GCA-2724215 sp022819745
s__Propioniciclava sinopodophylli
s__Pedobacter nototheniae
s__Leptolinea tardivitalis
s__Limnohabitans parapertussis_A
s__Defluviicoccus sp029624735
s__Lepagella sp900767075
s__Faecalibacter bovis
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_K
s__BMS3ABIN03 sp022340715
s__Flavobacterium sp011742145
s__Phenylobacterium sp030679875
s__Succinivibrio sp934218695
s__VBDM01 sp005884455
s__Verrucomicrobium spinosum
s__Oceanospirillum beijerinckii
s__Pelagibacter sp012963775
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903905685
s__Maricaulis sp905480005
s__STE-63 sp028695135
s__RGIG9287 sp017448285
s__RHKY01 sp008363385
s__Bin25 sp002238525
s__Variovorax sp901827185
s__Neisseria sp002237445
s__Azonexus denitrificans_A
s__UBA1783 sp017561615
s__Nitrospira_D sp015904075
s__CANHCV01 sp027488715
s__UBA1573 sp001767915
s__JAPPOR01 sp028817905
s__RUG12783 sp934167885
s__JACKDJ01 sp020633625
s__UBA3282 sp014804365
s__Rothia sp016924835
s__Zwartia parapertussis_B
s__Flavobacterium sp903819815
s__Coprenecus sp944326235
s__Pseudomonas_E sp902506505
s__Pseudoalteromonas viridis
s__GCA-002715885 sp938073745
s__Peptoniphilus_E obesi
s__UBA12068 sp000991645
s__Bog-105 sp025980435
s__JADMIH01 sp015478675
s__WRMS01 sp018434325
s__MYXO sp905339255
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002113125
s__UBA5489 sp944376905
s__UBA12191 sp012269595
s__JAFGQE01 sp016929655
s__CAG-269 sp947571975
s__UBA1213 sp902802105
s__Pelagibacter sp902569055
s__CALLPO01 sp030950465
s__Nitrospira_D sp029858925
s__Mycobacterium agri
s__Paenibacillus_S sp002042965
s__CAG-793 sp944393305
s__JAMLGJ01 sp023958095
s__Hydrogenovibrio thermophilus
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp003417465
s__CAG-272 sp900556615
s__Faecousia sp015067605
s__Xanthomonas pisi
s__Thiobacillus sp021836225
s__Kitasatospora sp001424875
s__SW4 sp002732825
s__OLB11 sp013414745
s__RGIG8050 sp948695535
s__GCA-2746365 sp013041745
s__Collinsella sp902482045
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_A
s__UBA1847 sp024679535
s__RACS-045 sp947176115
s__HIMB59 sp902521465
s__UBA1211 sp002309585
s__UBA8444 sp002714805
s__Flavobacterium marginilacus
s__Pseudomonas_E sp008369295
s__Streptomyces sp026342195
s__Marinobacter sp014359475
s__Onthovivens sp944342125
s__SCTD01 sp019348355
s__Alistipes sp017436185
s__Bin106 sp002238945
s__UBA2256 sp002383375
s__UBA963 sp002292955
s__Acidothermus sp023512015
s__CALVXF01 sp944368875
s__UMGS1585 sp934693215
s__SCN-70-22 sp001724275
s__JAADGE01 sp024277895
s__CANKSK01 sp947485425
s__Caccovivens sp944383685
s__MGBC114079 sp947565475
s__Staphylococcus edaphicus
s__NP-4 sp005882295
s__Alistipes sp947177225
s__Stenotrophomonas pictorum
s__JAIOYV01 sp021740905
s__BOG-234 sp903925015
s__Hydrogenophaga sp010104355
s__GCA-002701455 sp002730675
s__REEB76 sp027315405
s__Marinicella sp030065545
s__JAEWUC01 sp023397505
s__Eubacterium_R sp902462495
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018065985
s__Duganella margarita
s__Pelagibacter sp902564785
s__Silanimonas sp021297925
s__Henriciella sp012960415
s__Fusicatenibacter sp902493585
s__Glycomyces artemisiae
s__Ureibacillus massiliensis
s__OLB19 sp020632015
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AX
s__VBCG01 sp022709775
s__Firm-04 sp002395085
s__UBA2353 sp017302855
s__WLWT01 sp012103455
s__Clostridium_B ragsdalei
s__Sulfuritortus sp021847385
s__RUG563 sp017437265
s__Thermomonas sp017305095
s__UBA3282 sp947176505
s__Faecivicinus sp017460585
s__JACROS01 sp016214325
s__Collinsella sp900555555
s__Frigoribacterium faeni
s__JADJSS01 sp020848475
s__Mucilaginibacter gotjawali
s__Borkfalkia sp930990665
s__Streptomyces sp022414575
s__UBA2868 sp017550535
s__UBA3054 sp017963805
s__JAGXLC01 sp913055635
s__Actinobacillus_B seminis
s__UBA5004 sp002787855
s__CAG-1782 sp934296355
s__Paraliomyxa sp020633315
s__B33-G16 sp030603345
s__50-400-T64 sp018069465
s__JALGTG01 sp029821495
s__Shewanella intestini
s__Nocardioides alcanivorans
s__TMED220 sp902514625
s__RUG14891 sp944350385
s__BY39 sp003327435
s__Firm-04 sp001603005
s__Butyribacter sp022764445
s__Aliiroseovarius_A subalbicans
s__Phocaeicola sp944320605
s__Virgibacillus_G profundi
s__UBA6448 sp934101645
s__Algorimicrobium echini
s__Heritagella pullistercoris
s__Hominisplanchenecus_A sp937965795
s__UBA1163 sp002327985
s__Syntrophotalea_A sp013619105
s__JAGMCF01 sp023129415
s__Fibro-01 sp001462345
s__Flavobacterium sp002786385
s__JAEZZM01 sp023418575
s__Sulfitobacter noctilucicola
s__Fen-1255 sp003154155
s__UBA5420 sp012799115
s__UBA737 sp017481865
s__JAMCTM01 sp023379465
s__Yoonia sediminilitoris
s__Sphaerochaeta sp003446545
s__Treponema_D sp947178095
s__Luteibacter sp000745005
s__JARRCM01 sp029982205
s__Alistipes sp900760675
s__Alistipes sp900766655
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902572605
s__JAPPOO01 sp028817875
s__SZUA-521 sp003248125
s__Achromobacter deleyi_A
s__Leptospira sanjuanensis
s__F23-B02 sp946405205
s__Mobilitalea sp023407175
s__Methylobacterium sp900103195
s__CAG-510 sp029053015
s__S139-23 sp015485455
s__Cognatishimia sp947499725
s__Corynebacterium glucuronolyticum_A
s__Actinotalea sp014042015
s__Streptomyces sp012927245
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AG
s__Polaribacter sp029252865
s__JACQED01 sp016200785
s__RGIG7114 sp017538775
s__Marinobacter sp019443085
s__Parapedobacter indicus
s__Pigmentiphaga litoralis_A
s__Nocardioides ganghwensis
s__LS-NOB sp905612265
s__Anaerostipes sp018918155
s__CAJFPI01 sp944386985
s__JAGLFE01 sp023144675
s__Thalassococcus halodurans
s__JAADHI01 sp945787655
s__HTCC2207 sp018663035
s__Chordicoccus sp902797075
s__JAAYKL01 sp012522445
s__Chryseobacterium aquaeductus
s__Arthrobacter_B yangruifuii
s__Microbacterium phytovorans
s__JAFDYS01 sp018267315
s__CAJOIG01 sp905234005
s__Flavobacterium franklandianum
s__Azospirillum picis
s__Lentzea flava
s__Eisenbergiella pullistercoris
s__Xenophilus intermedius
s__Alloprevotella sp002431845
s__Celeribacter marinus
s__Bacteroides sp944321465
s__Cytobacillus oceanisediminis_C
s__JAGOAT01 sp020639315
s__C7867-001 sp943353835
s__Dokdonia sp002712765
s__Occallatibacter sp030040115
s__Ancylobacter sp000378025
s__Streptantibioticus sp027533845
s__Synechococcus_D sp009914645
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AC
s__Ruegeria atlantica
s__Corynebacterium sp946220775
s__Afipia sp001897755
s__Microcoleus sp004294385
s__Aquella sp003962895
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002471015
s__JAGLYY01 sp023131935
s__UBA3073 sp002774315
s__Lacinutrix venerupis
s__Rhodoluna limnophila_A
s__Spirillospora bangladeshensis
s__Paraferrimonas sedimenticola
s__CACOMS01 sp902628375
s__Avilachnospira sp017455005
s__Gallionella sp001801215
s__Telluria aquatica
s__Mariniblastus sp938010615
s__VXYL01 sp009837725
s__Paraclostridium benzoelyticum
s__2-01-FULL-38-13 sp001782165
s__Aquisediminimonas_A sp903821605
s__Arctic95D-9 sp018058245
s__Bostrichicola ureolyticus
s__Planococcus maritimus
s__UBA3961 sp002385265
s__TS1B11 sp004124875
s__JAHIVO01 sp018816445
s__NICIL-2 sp002898675
s__Ulvibacter litoralis
s__JACKPT01 sp024233345
s__DUUS01 sp028684435
s__Nocardioides sp001427795
s__Sodaliphilus sp900770215
s__Collinsella sp900760215
s__Alloalcanivorax mobilis
s__JAJTCL01 sp025923975
s__UBA2834 sp002371895
s__PWVB01 sp003562365
s__Hydrogenophaga electricum
s__Reyranella aerosaccus_C
s__Enterousia sp947175875
s__Microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans
s__LEGE-07092 sp015207375
s__B13-G4 sp019309665
s__RGIG8482 sp947363765
s__SZUA-259 sp003246675
s__SICB01 sp943354915
s__Thalassorhabdomicrobium marinisediminis
s__Akkermansia sp904501915
s__Lacrimispora sp002429965
s__Eikenella halliae
s__Nocardia sp013361595
s__UBA1096 sp937770485
s__Streptomyces sp008042035
s__Acinetobacter qingfengensis
s__Nitrosomonas sp900696615
s__Pandoraea pulmonicola
s__Pseudomonas_E asturiensis
s__JAHRVQ01 sp029251375
s__Enteromonas sp028726925
s__CAG-510 sp017482205
s__SLAO01 sp007126835
s__RXIV01 sp020890855
s__CF-105 sp005881155
s__Bulleidia sp015256605
s__Lightella neohaematopini_A
s__Marinobacterium_E sp012848475
s__Streptococcus sp905221095
s__Anaeroplasma sp902783745
s__JAGZEG01 sp018368455
s__Gorillibacterium timonense
s__Flavobacterium sp012270005
s__GWA1-54-10 sp001775445
s__Limnohabitans sp947377705
s__SLRW01 sp003567955
s__CAIPFQ01 sp903864395
s__Scatovivens sp948443845
s__Clostridium sp029257045
s__Arthrobacter sp023913755
s__GCA-2730975 sp002730975
s__Frisingicoccus sp902471845
s__Cytobacillus sp009849585
s__Actinotalea sp030586465
s__GCA-016700315 sp016700315
s__Streptomyces cinnamoneus_A
s__Faecalibacterium sp934561555
s__Secundilactobacillus oryzae
s__Streptomyces griseochromogenes
s__Gemella haemolysans_A
s__Limimorpha sp900771045
s__UBA1711 sp017551765
s__Jutongia sp934339135
s__SLBA01 sp007126575
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944325665
s__Zoogloea sp023150125
s__Collinsella sp938045085
s__Caccovivens sp944349515
s__HGM05232 sp900759955
s__Thiohalocapsa halophila
s__BACL27 sp945861325
s__Prevotella sp030531085
s__JAACSU01 sp020629795
s__UBA11056 sp003543035
s__Pelethenecus sp029051735
s__Onthocola_B sp948497845
s__SHAN690 sp943788145
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001952855
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_I
s__MED-G14 sp003331885
s__UBA1213 sp900315875
s__S140-20 sp015484715
s__Collinsella sp900549245
s__UBA8110 sp002726945
s__AG-426-I14 sp003210055
s__Vibrio artabrorum
s__CW01 sp004028795
s__WTAW01 sp023135995
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023509015
s__Aminobacter aminovorans
s__Hymenobacter radiodurans
s__Competibacter_A sp002391525
s__Cohaesibacter intestini
s__JADJQY01 sp016712505
s__Eubacterium_R sp029050995
s__Roseicitreum antarcticum
s__Succiniclasticum sp905233365
s__Nitrospira_A defluvii_C
s__Collinsella sp900557505
s__Rhodopseudomonas sp001295845
s__JANSWY01 sp937958005
s__AG-337-I02 sp902623545
s__Aequorivita lipolytica
s__UBA1163 sp002780715
s__Shewanella gelidii
s__UBA646 sp003650285
s__E44-bin80 sp004375785
s__Lepagella sp947175695
s__Limivicinus sp900320465
s__Zhongshania aliphaticivorans
s__Pelagibacter sp902587095
s__Fonsibacter sp023257975
s__JAMCVD01 sp021787665
s__Euryhalocaulis caribicus
s__JAADID01 sp913009755
s__UBA1258 sp024687305
s__WO2-35-19 sp001824275
s__Sphingomonas phytovorans
s__JAGVKL01 sp021807845
s__Sulfuriferula sp003455595
s__Occallatibacter sp030039675
s__Paraburkholderia sp940747215
s__Sulfurirhabdus autotrophica
s__Polaribacter sp030758355
s__Sphingobium sp016463275
s__CAIJKW01 sp903952785
s__JALGVG01 sp029819875
s__Prevotella sp016284895
s__Brachybacterium massiliense
s__Kitasatospora acidiphila
s__E44-bin88 sp004375675
s__Stagnimonas sp004297005
s__Haliscomenobacter sp016718685
s__UBA8444 sp029248105
s__Isoptericola sp031180595
s__JAGLQA01 sp023137075
s__RQOF01 sp003854955
s__Acinetobacter halotolerans
s__Sodaliphilus sp902782465
s__Eubacterium_R sp029258375
s__Aurantimonas manganoxydans
s__JAHHUH01 sp017467905
s__Actinoplanes caeruleus
s__Paludibacter sp023459355
s__S017-3 sp015485845
s__JAAZHW01 sp012510515
s__Curvibacter sp028649455
s__GCA-2698665 sp913048065
s__Hymenobacter duratus
s__Thermogutta sp029549885
s__Erythrobacter sp001724215
s__Turneriella sp017302045
s__CAG-873 sp947176295
s__UBA1067 sp017395505
s__JADFJB01 sp022566355
s__B21-G16 sp003644825
s__Hominiventricola sp001941045
s__Mesorhizobium sp006442815
s__Prevotella sp902795605
s__JAJEFO01 sp022826205
s__Pararhizobium sp900471525
s__Prevotella sp946415365
s__UMGS1696 sp017398585
s__Butyrivibrio sp015056655
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp944324425
s__Rhodoglobus sp020160915
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp900768735
s__Dyella terrae
s__Treponema_D sp017940255
s__Egerieousia sp002372015
s__JAEWGM01 sp023388315
s__UBA5884 sp021200215
s__CAG-475 sp900322215
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp004339505
s__Poriferisocius sp026709025
s__Fen-1039 sp003141955
s__Lientehia avium
s__Acidithrix sp021847985
s__Arthrobacter_H rhombi
s__Polaribacter sp905181765
s__Psychrobacter sp000586455
s__Bathyanammoxibius amoris
s__UBA9926 sp002689445
s__Phoenicibacter congonensis
s__JAMDCX01 sp021798635
s__JAGLTA01 sp023142625
s__JAAFGT01 sp030037225
s__Sphingomicrobium sp025980335
s__Ga0077555 sp001464955
s__Nocardioides lianchengensis
s__Collinsella sp938033385
s__Streptococcus phocae
s__Methylovulum sp903927955
s__Helicobacter pylori_CL
s__Arthrobacter terricola
s__Limimaricola soesokkakensis
s__Leisingera daeponensis
s__RUG563 sp017620455
s__RUG099 sp001513255
s__Enterousia sp944389515
s__B1 sp021298155
s__Fibrobacter sp947305105
s__SCQP01 sp021823305
s__Thermus thermophilus_C
s__Rhodocaloribacter litoris
s__UBA9214 sp029859555
s__JAUVZL01 sp030606265
s__Bartonella rattimassiliensis
s__Clostridium cibarium
s__Arachnia sp023443125
s__Albidovulum sp002280515
s__Streptococcus infantis_F
s__Arachnia sp014164775
s__Tabrizicola sp013824055
s__Luminiphilus sp029251065
s__Desulfocurvibacter sp023433925
s__JACKEQ01 sp020632885
s__WRHU01 sp009783085
s__21-14-all-37-9 sp002772495
s__CALXQW01 sp944390805
s__Cedecea neteri_C
s__Catenulispora pinistramenti
s__Flammeovirga agarivorans
s__Vibrio katoptron
s__Roseburia_C sp022764465
s__Phenylobacterium sp947478785
s__UMGS911 sp902462015
s__WGBX01 sp026993355
s__Stenotrophomonas_A panacihumi
s__Roseiflexus sp025062325
s__JACCWD01 sp013695475
s__SZUA-287 sp003251275
s__Collinsella sp959599915
s__RGIG5681 sp023388035
s__Flavobacterium sp028473145
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003156805
s__Flavobacterium sp027484205
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AD
s__Hominibacterium sp910575405
s__RUG592 sp900313125
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903824155
s__CAG-103 sp900317905
s__Zoogloea sp017309145
s__Celeribacter marinus_B
s__Alicyclobacillus sacchari
s__Methylobacterium sp022702015
s__Prevotella sp905372445
s__Palsa-1447 sp903916755
s__Arenimonas sp003497545
s__Leptospira_A mtsangambouensis
s__UBA693 sp002298785
s__RF16 sp017448985
s__SIG565 sp015066405
s__RGIG5952 sp017962605
s__Collinsella sp900762325
s__Streptomyces lydicus_C
s__Arthrobacter sp029960665
s__Paucisalibacillus bavariensis
s__JAMLJD01 sp023953775
s__Desulfomicrobium sp024709365
s__COE1 sp002491195
s__Harryflintia sp949743955
s__DYKF01 sp020719945
s__CALXRO01 sp944390875
s__UBA5976 sp947447095
s__Faecalibacter rhinopitheci
s__CAG-238 sp022764365
s__Vagococcus_A zengguangii
s__Paenibacillus_A phocaensis
s__HGM04593 sp017451695
s__Amphritea balenae
s__SIG77 sp015061915
s__Saccharicenans sp002877915
s__QNZC01 sp003978485
s__Secundilactobacillus pentosiphilus
s__Prevotella sp021636625
s__Rothia sp002492045
s__F1-120-MAGs055 sp005779395
s__HGM11368 sp945872615
s__UBA4207 sp002716825
s__Sarcina massiliamazoniense
s__JAMCQZ01 sp022705565
s__UBA2862 sp900317565
s__Desulfotomaculum aeronauticum
s__JAJYLD01 sp021788015
s__GCA-2686265 sp030746555
s__UBA5893 sp944383345
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003283445
s__Sphingomicrobium luteum
s__Nanosyncoccus sp902761145
s__QPIN01 sp023134955
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp001822095
s__CAIRTT01 sp903881535
s__Pauljensenia sp011038875
s__Treponema_D sp902792795
s__SP4260 sp002728725
s__Limimorpha sp017561025
s__Amycolatopsis lexingtonensis
s__Thiobacillus sp018831045
s__Enterousia sp937888635
s__Stenotrophomonas nitritireducens_A
s__Bacteroides sp902388495
s__JAAWPK01 sp949448405
s__Rhizomicrobium sp025924715
s__UBA1248 sp902762505
s__Desulfovibrio sp023386035
s__COE1 sp947178035
s__UBA1756 sp017506175
s__Microcoleus vaginatus_A
s__JAADIZ01 sp027055635
s__Faecalimicrobium dakarense
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946405435
s__Vibrio lentus_A
s__WTGU01 sp022823305
s__UMGS731 sp017456005
s__CAIQDA01 sp903858055
s__UBA2270 sp903891045
s__VXPQ01 sp009839485
s__COE1 sp022788085
s__Photobacterium frigidiphilum
s__Enterococcus_G sulfureus
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030158645
s__CALZKB01 sp027296385
s__Amycolatopsis sulphurea
s__Dysgonomonas sp029893235
s__GWA2-38-11 sp001790645
s__RBG-16-49-21 sp937872225
s__Hydrogenimonas sp030826715
s__Marinomonas rhizomae
s__Solidesulfovibrio magneticus_A
s__CALJUZ01 sp003387805
s__JAAYBJ01 sp022706235
s__Flagellimonas olearia
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp006222135
s__Tatumella morbirosei
s__CAG-1000 sp016302505
s__UBA7050 sp014804425
s__Rhodoglobus vestalii
s__JAGLTS01 sp023135165
s__Acidobacterium capsulatum
s__GCA-2689925 sp002689925
s__Leifsonia sp019924635
s__Pelatocladus sp000447295
s__Fonsibacter sp947497305
s__JALTMS01 sp030949985
s__Microbacterium sorbitolivorans
s__Avoscillospira_A sp944385415
s__Rhizobium sp014193255
s__Pedobacter ginsengisoli_A
s__Collinsella sp018378775
s__Thermomonas sp018242365
s__JAHJIN01 sp018823415
s__Caccovivens sp944377455
s__JAKJBL01 sp022707005
s__Gallionella sp001801085
s__CALVVX01 sp944358805
s__SpSt-77 sp028276215
s__JAMCVK01 sp023475225
s__RUG13160 sp902786275
s__JACKEN01 sp020632995
s__Saprospira grandis
s__Thalassoglobus sp018659505
s__JANLFV01 sp024653345
s__Ornithospirochaeta stercoripullorum
s__Saccharimonas sp946222005
s__UBA1715 sp002317135
s__JAKEHO01 sp027296625
s__Mesobacillus sp014856545
s__NK4A136 sp017635395
s__Faecousia sp944387685
s__Ornithinimicrobium cerasi
s__Youngiibacter sp002428415
s__Sodaliphilus sp947165675
s__Onthocola_B sp944363835
s__UBA1328 sp905614375
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031266155
s__Mycobacterium lepromatosis
s__Branchiibius hedensis
s__JACWAD01 sp021790115
s__Xenorhabdus mauleonii
s__UBA3207 sp003501485
s__Cryptobacteroides sp029257745
s__Bin75 sp002238765
s__Sediminibacterium sp016183765
s__Faecousia sp002372735
s__JACKGQ01 sp020631905
s__Demequina mangrovi
s__Pelagibacter sp902582605
s__RGIG6105 sp017518295
s__Pacificimonas flava
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp947178255
s__QIAJ01 sp016201265
s__HyVt-429 sp011052015
s__CAG-873 sp902470475
s__UBA9145 sp029253585
s__CAMAVR01 sp945861885
s__CF-39 sp005882255
s__Scatacola_A sp944391485
s__Corynebacterium sp021496665
s__RUG11462 sp902781345
s__SLAN01 sp007135605
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900316435
s__Poriferihabitans sp026709505
s__CAIVDX01 sp903904805
s__Sporomusa sp023388195
s__Ga0077546 sp021732025
s__SIAT01 sp009691645
s__Syntrophomonas wolfei
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp016462305
s__JABIBH01 sp024229695
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021791295
s__BS503 sp018725425
s__PHOS-HE28 sp018266475
s__Rhodanobacter sp021805685
s__UBA2339 sp002344785
s__Helicobacter_D sp029067145
s__Onthousia sp934131695
s__Aminithiophilus ramosus
s__UBA952 sp009926125
s__Holtiella tumoricola
s__Pelagibacter sp902541315
s__Onthousia sp934177995
s__Bariatricus sp934307065
s__Photobacterium jeanii
s__Virgibacillus_H natechei
s__Sphingomonas sp017418975
s__Yersinia pekkanenii
s__Polaromonas sp029945685
s__Nitratiruptor sp027002625
s__Chiayiivirga sp022647565
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002726915
s__Amedibacterium sp904395785
s__JAJYVB01 sp021792265
s__JADJBW01 sp016703525
s__Onthocola_B sp934101495
s__Helicobacter pylori_CH
s__GCA-2712105 sp002712105
s__Elizabethkingia occulta
s__Corynebacterium canis
s__Pyramidobacter porci
s__Collinsella sp900768435
s__Pseudosulfitobacter sp003335545
s__Flavobacterium sp009664855
s__Chordicoccus sp900313955
s__50-218 sp001508855
s__Mesorhizobium sp007003975
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903905065
s__JAUJOR01 sp030447525
s__JAMCVD01 sp023381995
s__Pseudanabaena sp023336205
s__Paenibacillus pini
s__RF16 sp902769535
s__CAMZNJ01 sp947313825
s__JAAIVF01 sp029589495
s__Oceanicaulis sp007571185
s__Solibacillus isronensis_A
s__Bin52 sp002238645
s__Collinsella sp934621295
s__Polaromonas sp016000195
s__Sphingobium baderi_A
s__Egicoccus halophilus
s__UBA2110 sp014239555
s__Mastigocoleus sp030065675
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp945861955
s__Novosphingobium decolorationis
s__Gordonia hirsuta
s__Marinobacter sp016597815
s__JAJZQK01 sp021847625
s__UBA6821 sp903858595
s__CANLQD01 sp947493175
s__Eubacterium_R sp020859725
s__Duganella sp900109645
s__Trinickia sp004322045
s__UBA5578 sp944373145
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio nedwellii
s__S5-A14a sp028725765
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947087275
s__Kangiella sp947498625
s__Dolichospermum sp001672075
s__Nocardioides jishulii
s__Dysgonomonas sp011299555
s__Cupriavidus nantongensis
s__Flavivirga sp947501845
s__Anaerotignum sp002316675
s__Hyphomicrobium_B denitrificans
s__JAUJNI01 sp030446465
s__JAFDHF01 sp019308905
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017471965
s__Bin5 sp009843665
s__UBA8515 sp000505065
s__Maridesulfovibrio hydrothermalis
s__Collinsella sp900551975
s__RF16 sp947164985
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp018607365
s__Pseudolabrys sp903929045
s__Limivicinus sp902802215
s__UBA3076 sp030262715
s__Paucibacter_A sp945956965
s__SZUA-584 sp023415795
s__Virgibacillus sp010994035
s__Sporosarcina sp029263895
s__Cyanobium_A sp945896675
s__Alkalibacterium pelagium
s__PUKZ01 sp007130125
s__Pelagibacter sp902616645
s__JAJTCH01 sp945903615
s__Glycomyces tenuis
s__Rhodoferax_C sp016463455
s__Carnobacterium_A viridans
s__Peribacter sp001872575
s__Drouetiella sp949127645
s__Caccovivens sp944345705
s__Paramuribaculum sp905193485
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023393115
s__JACZSB01 sp022564085
s__Vibrio sp000316985
s__Sediminibacterium sp903825095
s__JAGLLA01 sp023270095
s__SLAD01 sp007125875
s__JABDJZ01 sp017643395
s__VFMC01 sp006515795
s__UBA1201 sp002309675
s__Caccovivens sp944380695
s__Mesoplasma chauliocola
s__Mycobacterium sp014202335
s__G020345745 sp020345745
s__Sodaliphilus sp900322135
s__Rhizobium sp017741815
s__Limimorpha sp905234275
s__UBA1941 sp002336805
s__JANWXJ01 sp025055335
s__Pseudomonas_E flavescens
s__Chishuiella changwenlii
s__XYD1-FULL-55-31 sp001770175
s__VBAT01 sp005884665
s__Mailhella sp017408905
s__Prevotella sp945873145
s__Cohaesibacter sp025800145
s__Oxalobacter paraformigenes
s__Pseudonocardia abyssalis
s__Pseudooceanicola marinus_A
s__GCA-002729875 sp002688175
s__RF16 sp902780495
s__Ga0077536 sp947450495
s__Corynebacterium sp023388385
s__SCRD01 sp021787735
s__Dolichospermum sp009711975
s__JAGLTA01 sp023135505
s__UBA4334 sp905233285
s__Thiovibrio sp002347185
s__JAHZKE01 sp022600535
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023415305
s__Azonexus sp028687035
s__20-60-12 sp002255495
s__Collinsella sp900554255
s__Choladousia sp021199655
s__UBA1259 sp904501795
s__B1SED10-159 sp003551965
s__GCA-2722105 sp002722105
s__Soehngenia longivitae
s__Desulfovibrio sp905214305
s__TMED112 sp003278815
s__Paramuribaculum sp029058705
s__JAHISW01 sp018817995
s__FEN-1191 sp027315105
s__Meinhardsimonia xiamenensis
s__Collinsella sp958350755
s__Oribacterium asaccharolyticum
s__CALBMX01 sp029250885
s__UBA1096 sp030749225
s__Cerasibacillus quisquiliarum
s__B9-G15 sp003650185
s__Marinilabilia salmonicolor
s__Polyangium fumosum
s__RFSX01 sp013042795
s__Eubacterium_R sp021770095
s__MWBF01 sp002068935
s__CADEFQ01 sp019187185
s__JAUWYE01 sp030615965
s__Limivicinus sp902778285
s__CAIYPG01 sp903864555
s__Bulleidia sp902778375
s__Variovorax sp913776885
s__SV3-B162 sp018432955
s__Spongiisocius sp022827785
s__Jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus
s__UBA5216 sp002412495
s__Desulfovibrio sp945871415
s__RGIG4131 sp017828955
s__UBA2251 sp002347815
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023148575
s__JAJZKG01 sp021805885
s__WSXW01 sp009773495
s__Chordicoccus sp017514845
s__UBA1181 sp902766045
s__RAAP-2 sp003167415
s__Amaricoccus sp003258405
s__Enterenecus capillosus_A
s__Flavobacterium praedii
s__Geobacillus vulcani
s__Gp6-AA40 sp001767525
s__RFXV01 sp945883565
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp934271365
s__Streptococcus mitis_CP
s__Enterococcus_E sp023389005
s__Streptomyces dengpaensis
s__Ochrobactrum_C daejeonensis
s__Microbulbifer sp030997045
s__Pseudoflavonifractor capillosus
s__Enterococcus_C canintestini
s__CAG-475 sp002297185
s__MYbin3 sp002753335
s__WQXQ01 sp009786455
s__SORT01 sp022567655
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063575
s__Treponema_D sp902796985
s__RZYO01 sp028532815
s__CAG-303 sp905236025
s__Comamonas sp031277855
s__Suilimivivens sp910585075
s__LD21 sp009877105
s__SG-bin9 sp021732215
s__SLIM01 sp007135625
s__PWMP01 sp003558145
s__RXIV01 sp003989085
s__Agriterribacter sp019638625
s__Prevotella sp016286585
s__T78 sp029556265
s__Telluria mixta
s__Brevibacterium ihuae
s__Caldimicrobium sp025060015
s__Nesciobacter abundans
s__Nonomuraea spiralis
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902779225
s__Maribacter sp011050675
s__JAFKGK01 sp017307165
s__JACRCG01 sp903901875
s__Neoroseomonas oryzicola
s__Tropicibacter naphthalenivorans
s__Arthrobacter_F sulfonylureivorans
s__Planktophila sp947480465
s__Sulfoacidibacillus sp021821085
s__Thermophilibacter gallinarum
s__Solimicrobium sp903893945
s__JANWZL01 sp937925755
s__GWB1-42-6 sp000997475
s__JAMDCX01 sp021805985
s__Enterenecus sp947564255
s__YB12-FULL-65-16 sp001803235
s__Anaerotignum sp945912105
s__Treponema_D sp900769325
s__JAMOTU01 sp027062165
s__PNKF01 sp019637355
s__UBA955 sp947472115
s__Pseudokineococcus lusitanus
s__UBA10906 sp028713055
s__Saccharicrinis aurantiacus
s__Scatovivens sp934140005
s__Sphingomonas sp003610375
s__Streptomyces flaveus
s__S014-18 sp015486815
s__Streptomyces pseudovenezuelae
s__JAKQTR01 sp029562975
s__UBA3903 sp002391625
s__XBB2008 sp900102235
s__CALUXS01 sp944324795
s__Rothia sp000710345
s__Streptomyces anatolicus
s__Suilimivivens sp947088515
s__RGIG3732 sp017453885
s__Enterosoma sp023459795
s__Rubrivivax sp009923895
s__Anaerococcus jeddahensis
s__Roseburia sp019421345
s__UBA11858 sp003513015
s__UMGS902 sp004554105
s__Mangrovimonas_A xylaniphaga
s__Kurthia sibirica
s__JABDQX01 sp013042035
s__UBA1142 sp002724575
s__Onthoplasma sp002406115
s__Binatus soli
s__Metaruminococcus_A sp003150405
s__SLQV01 sp007131285
s__Streptococcus mitis_CQ
s__Collinsella sp900546085
s__Yoonia sp003318235
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002345545
s__Bulleidia sp927911475
s__Halalkalibacter hemicellulosilyticus
s__CAG-269 sp944392635
s__Brachybacterium saurashtrense
s__SW10 sp030432565
s__CALZJD01 sp945787795
s__JAGLMY01 sp023139775
s__Pelagibacter sp003282975
s__Bosea sp017308075
s__Pectobacterium betavasculorum
s__Rugosibacter sp016235025
s__Algicoccus sp017857895
s__Brevundimonas sp022712235
s__Olsenella_G urininfantis
s__VBCG01 sp905339295
s__JAAUTY01 sp012031265
s__CANHCC01 sp947459115
s__SXRM01 sp903919145
s__Kinetoplastibacterium blastocrithidii
s__CV81 sp937895955
s__Arthrobacter ilicis
s__JABHDX01 sp018672815
s__JACCZX01 sp013813185
s__Duncaniella sp023664955
s__Polynucleobacter sp903889595
s__Bacteroides sp900762525
s__Haliea sp030730585
s__UBA2284 sp002418725
s__Faecousia sp944385535
s__Ochrobactrum_A grignonensis
s__Sediminibacterium sp903910765
s__Coprovivens sp015059245
s__SYOX01 sp005804885
s__Variovorax sp030316765
s__QVMG01 sp029893085
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_S
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017468055
s__UBA5536 sp028696715
s__Enterococcus wangshanyuanii
s__JACABE01 sp903911455
s__CAJLXD01 sp944393215
s__DRJW01 sp011052055
s__Phocaeicola sp022764505
s__Clostridium_AM drakei
s__UBA7434 sp018668095
s__Planktophila sp010032875
s__UBA1006 sp002698305
s__UA16 sp002336085
s__Halarcobacter sp004116455
s__CAISPN01 sp949127655
s__UBA7916 sp002722435
s__Acinetobacter sp000369805
s__SYIM01 sp903866395
s__JAGLGG01 sp023144145
s__SURF-33 sp003597945
s__Deefgea chitinilytica
s__RUG11857 sp017509605
s__Udaeobacter sp003218615
s__UBA7455 sp002167855
s__Azonexus sp002470165
s__Pelagibacter sp003212415
s__UBA636 sp017404205
s__SZUA-442 sp003235475
s__Rhodovarius sp025057055
s__Cerasibacillus terrae
s__Poseidonibacter sp002685075
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002803095
s__Nitrosomonas sp024235795
s__Galbitalea soli
s__JANQMR01 sp028279985
s__BY39 sp937967455
s__Parasedimentitalea marina_A
s__HGM04593 sp017408685
s__JACQDE01 sp023481105
s__Duncaniella sp014802105
s__Collinsella sp900556605
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp018100985
s__Paenibacillus illinoisensis
s__Bacillus_A cereus_BA
s__Pelagibacter_A sp016777595
s__UBA8363 sp013349385
s__UBA1221 sp002350725
s__CAJLIR01 sp934130485
s__Rhizomicrobium sp002429315
s__Caproiciproducens sp012839345
s__Rhodopila sp002422345
s__Neolewinella lacunae
s__Streptococcus australis_C
s__TMED14 sp005786915
s__Ventricola sp002395225
s__GCA-2725445 sp002725445
s__Mahella sp020054945
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947474645
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_R
s__Vreelandella sp007116835
s__CAIXMD01 sp903853735
s__UM-FILTER-47-13 sp020638155
s__Nocardiopsis kunsanensis
s__Avimonas sp002409375
s__2-01-FULL-40-24 sp001776975
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902572595
s__RGIG2000 sp017408585
s__Actinomarina sp902596545
s__Polaromonas sp003711205
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687555
s__DTU089 sp017550105
s__Metamycoplasma equirhinis
s__Methylopumilus sp947499625
s__WTFV01 sp009861545
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_I
s__Winogradskyella helgolandensis
s__Geothrix sp903919165
s__Ectothiorhodospira sp000225005
s__Lepagella sp029055345
s__Halopseudomonas profundi
s__Stigmatella aurantiaca_A
s__Mycobacterium mengxianglii
s__Nanosyncoccus sp934700415
s__Devosia sp015234425
s__Aphodoplasma sp902492065
s__CALEAR01 sp027324795
s__Mucispirillum sp944325215
s__Weissella halotolerans
s__UBA910 sp002294445
s__Falsiroseomonas stagni
s__Udaeobacter sp003218945
s__Mycobacterium sp025965555
s__Salaquimonas sp017854535
s__Pelagibacter sp902539165
s__Jeotgalicoccus_A pinnipedialis
s__JACQAP01 sp945900965
s__XYB1-FULL-32-11 sp001820485
s__UBA11707 sp903848275
s__Palsa-89 sp003166865
s__Nocardioides sp001425175
s__JABWCA01 sp013359345
s__Prauserella_B muralis
s__Peribacillus sp014844095
s__Domibacillus sp022668875
s__JACQYG01 sp016208345
s__UBA5202 sp002412795
s__Flavobacterium ranwuense
s__Paludibacter sp002427615
s__Yoonia sp023955335
s__CAG-533 sp934096815
s__Streptomyces afghaniensis
s__Lactobacillus gigeriorum
s__Pelagibacter sp902584995
s__PALSA-1003 sp005889025
s__Eubacterium_F sp002435545
s__Silvibacterium bohemicum
s__Collinsella sp938039325
s__Lactobacillus hamsteri
s__Enteromonas sp002472275
s__Stappia sp016774605
s__Salinimicrobium catena
s__Niveibacterium sp021803785
s__Pelagibacter sp902565935
s__FS08-3 sp000830175
s__Ruminococcus sp017516465
s__UBA10212 sp001790575
s__Ga0077553 sp009697495
s__Streptomyces sp020181035
s__Croceicoccus marinus
s__Ruthia sp016592595
s__Nocardioides deserti
s__UBA3077 sp002162875
s__Gordonia malaquae
s__GCA-002701455 sp002690995
s__Porcincola sp902803065
s__Oerskovia rustica
s__RUG191 sp900315945
s__UBA5489 sp028708805
s__Mycobacterium arabiense
s__UBA868 sp014239255
s__Wujia sp030533235
s__SKNL01 sp007127665
s__Rhodoblastus sphagnicola
s__UMGS1370 sp905215625
s__Treponema_D sp947176045
s__UBA1568 sp002790675
s__Microbacterium phyllosphaerae
s__UBA4334 sp030528885
s__Sulfuritalea sp016712985
s__Fen-1038 sp021787595
s__GCA-002690875 sp002689325
s__Caproiciproducens sp900546895
s__Azonexus fungiphilus
s__UBA1258 sp016291405
s__Oceaniferula marina
s__Ferruginibacter sp019638635
s__Synechococcus_B spongiarum_F
s__Geobacter hydrogenophilus
s__Lacinutrix sp001874145
s__Limadaptatus sp944358385
s__UBA12508 sp001831095
s__UBA1752 sp017466805
s__Variovorax sp025486315
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp016297165
s__JAJZIH01 sp021828425
s__Microbacterium sp943912325
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334335
s__Paenalcaligenes intestinipullorum
s__Croceivirga radicis
s__Flagellimonas sp002167435
s__CAIXZV01 sp021783095
s__Thermophilibacter stercoravium
s__DUUU01 sp012512265
s__Fimenecus sp017399405
s__JAKAGE01 sp021777495
s__Paracoccus liaowanqingii
s__Steroidobacter_A agaridevorans
s__UBA1547 sp903900345
s__Agrobacterium sp900468015
s__Flavobacterium phaeum
s__UBA6016 sp002428055
s__Thermosulfurimonas_A sp027036915
s__JAAYLR01 sp023384635
s__QHBS01 sp955652675
s__Massilistercora gallistercoris
s__CALUMT01 sp944321845
s__CAMBWO01 sp945871285
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902785065
s__Blautia sp949291945
s__Thiocapsa sp022340925
s__Leptotrichia shahii
s__Anaerocolumna sp029239455
s__JALGVN01 sp025774935
s__Dinoroseobacter sp030066795
s__Fen-181 sp003170135
s__Actinomarina sp902519845
s__Pseudenterobacter timonensis
s__RGIG4708 sp934454585
s__Phenylobacterium sp001429025
s__Eubacterium_F sp947166015
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp003563455
s__Mycobacterium hippocampi
s__BB30 sp016744485
s__CAMDOZ01 sp945903705
s__JAFDHD01 sp019308995
s__GCA-002733105 sp030576275
s__Companilactobacillus halodurans
s__CAG-115 sp900768705
s__HOT-345 sp003260355
s__Lepagella sp947175225
s__Pelagibacter sp902573465
s__SKHV01 sp016930365
s__Zag111 sp944325085
s__CAZU01 sp947054505
s__UBA4372 sp017453445
s__TMED-70 sp002721875
s__UBA2211 sp002327845
s__UBA5941 sp021824385
s__Neisseria chenwenguii
s__DRYD01 sp025059235
s__BOG-938 sp903929535
s__Borreliella maritima
s__Undibacterium umbellatum
s__JANWWQ01 sp025055575
s__Lawsonibacter sp951801655
s__GWC1-47-15 sp001001375
s__CACZYB01 sp944390685
s__Roseovarius sp002783205
s__Leptofilum sp020848035
s__UBA2834 sp017514805
s__Pseudolabrys sp030651965
s__Alistipes sp015059805
s__Scatacola_A sp944391505
s__SIG480 sp017408185
s__Streptomyces caelestis
s__JADLFU01 sp020849655
s__CAIZQW01 sp903935195
s__Ferrimonas kyonanensis
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947454715
s__Ventrenecus sp944371545
s__Methylovulum sp903945605
s__Brevundimonas sp002430835
s__Methylobacterium sp001455965
s__Bacillus_BM sp003316765
s__Kibdelosporangium sp000720375
s__SZUA-370 sp029560805
s__Ectothiorhodospira mobilis_A
s__2-02-FULL-62-14 sp009692155
s__UBA952 sp017983465
s__Kaistella sp015999765
s__RF16 sp017471285
s__Gallionella sp023229845
s__Anaerobiospirillum_A thomasii
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_H
s__CAG-303 sp947174885
s__Aequorivita iocasae
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902613545
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947445215
s__AG-422-B15 sp003211835
s__JAHHTG01 sp944326055
s__Pristimantibacillus oryzae
s__Fen-1317 sp003154195
s__Rhodopila sp903924985
s__Contubernalis sp007120745
s__Prevotella sp945833995
s__Bacteroides sp900556625
s__DROE01 sp015487515
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002354655
s__CAG-269 sp949280815
s__Coxiella sp000815025
s__Bruticola sp944322965
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp023954335
s__JAGLYZ01 sp023131895
s__UBA10014 sp000996355
s__Collinsella sp003470665
s__Alistipes sp944320685
s__Sulfuriferula plumbiphila
s__Anaerococcus sp900550345
s__XYA2-FULL-43-15 sp001784815
s__2011-GWA2-47-8b sp001003205
s__JAAYDH01 sp012729405
s__JAJZCD01 sp021851735
s__Saccharimonas sp010202265
s__Bilifractor porci
s__PNKL01 sp947504615
s__Pseudohongiella sp002711845
s__UBA8475 sp028688325
s__JAICDB01 sp020063565
s__Arachnia sp013333945
s__Nonomuraea cavernae
s__Legionella tucsonensis
s__Oceanobacillus massiliensis
s__Cyanobium sp947458155
s__Prevotella paludivivens
s__UBA5851 sp002431635
s__Pseudomonas_E spelaei
s__2-02-FULL-63-19 sp001770415
s__LD21 sp003141895
s__Bact-08 sp002425935
s__JANLFO01 sp024653205
s__Gallionella sp002414205
s__Streptococcus chosunense
s__Cetobacterium_A sp900766645
s__Nitrospira_A sp022226935
s__Campylobacter_B sp905373215
s__Nocardia ignorata
s__Roseobacter sp947492555
s__CAKPTA01 sp934190785
s__4572-13 sp018052735
s__Caccovivens sp944351415
s__Flavitalea sp023409675
s__UBA7950 sp003535305
s__B10-G4 sp003647065
s__Rhodoferax sp903920695
s__UBA4951 sp017542885
s__Companilactobacillus heilongjiangensis
s__Halomonas huangheensis
s__Bifidobacterium saguinibicoloris
s__Methylobacterium thuringiense
s__UMGS1865 sp944383705
s__CANLXL01 sp947487155
s__SXOD01 sp027618565
s__Pirellula_B staleyi_A
s__Algoriphagus faecimaris
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp011048485
s__Actinotalea sp023428465
s__UBA4466 sp905182335
s__JAQUWL01 sp028692875
s__Prevotella sp017445845
s__Allorhizobium lividum
s__Enterousia sp944389135
s__Siphonobacter aquaeclarae
s__CAG-590 sp934294885
s__Prevotella sp900313235
s__JJ008 sp016720825
s__Sutcliffiella_A horikoshii
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp013360535
s__Avimicrobium sp948473085
s__Streptomyces odonnellii
s__JAKAXS01 sp021816505
s__Pandoraea sp002179965
s__COE1 sp947178145
s__Thermomonas hydrothermalis
s__Geobacillus sp002077765
s__Tc-Br11-B2g6-7 sp001564055
s__Prevotella sp947170265
s__UBA6249 sp903907475
s__JAAYLU01 sp018436785
s__Puia sp903927975
s__Bulleidia sp902766435
s__JACNGX01 sp013334825
s__Sulfurimonas ponti
s__RUG563 sp900320085
s__Lysobacter_B sp002798275
s__Arcanobacterium_A urinimassiliense
s__JAACFD01 sp009937555
s__GCA-002712045 sp029246285
s__Hominimerdicola sp902767035
s__Flavobacterium hercynium
s__Pontibacillus marinus
s__JABEVK01 sp021781625
s__PWHW01 sp003560095
s__SYFN01 sp947451925
s__UBA822 sp022563405
s__Methylovirgula ligni
s__Ferrimonas marina
s__Mariniphaga sp023412195
s__STF2-203 sp028707535
s__RGIG4465 sp934169745
s__Anaerobutyricum sp022776205
s__Tolumonas sp008015085
s__Ligaoa zhengdingensis
s__JAJYXT01 sp021798435
s__GCA-2402195 sp017302595
s__Sediminibacterium sp021300455
s__CALXSC01 sp944391025
s__CALAJH01 sp937922655
s__Pelagibacter sp902560075
s__Firm-10 sp017620115
s__Bact-19 sp002310235
s__Brevibacterium celere_A
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902512305
s__Alistipes sp017631275
s__1109 sp012521465
s__Eubacterium_F sp948467395
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028712165
s__JALSJK01 sp030618325
s__Chthoniobacter flavus
s__JACTMZ01 sp945870655
s__Tous-C4FEB sp947452315
s__Streptomyces barkulensis
s__Sediminibacterium sp947462495
s__JAGYII01 sp018400875
s__Caccovivens sp944349415
s__Bacillus_A gaemokensis
s__2-02-FULL-66-14 sp001771975
s__Streptococcus sp905221035
s__Enterenecus sp948469375
s__Paenibacillus_L sp007679495
s__GCA-1730015 sp938008205
s__Nocardioides sp003519585
s__DYFL01 sp020725195
s__Vibrio aerogenes
s__SPGG5 sp027623995
s__Arthrobacter_D sp002929745
s__Pseudosulfitobacter pseudonitzschiae_A
s__Paraburkholderia ginsengiterrae
s__Kangiella sp026195755
s__UBA1367 sp902778135
s__JAAYHF01 sp017551505
s__Sphingopyxis sp005503165
s__Microbacterium terricola
s__NK4A144 sp902782655
s__F0058 sp000768855
s__Nitrospira_A sp024998595
s__UBA1752 sp015063885
s__Rubneribacter avistercoris
s__Alistipes sp947174295
s__Marinobacterium_D litorale
s__RGIG2361 sp017404555
s__UBA6821 sp947466005
s__Mesenet longicola
s__CAIKLP01 sp024645045
s__Nitrobacter winogradskyi_A
s__Spyradosoma sp021204635
s__Novosphingobium sp013791705
s__Collinsella sp902491055
s__Desulfonatronospira sp003563255
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000416235
s__Capillimicrobium sp019683665
s__CAG-873 sp947072905
s__UBA5799 sp019912665
s__Brevundimonas bullata_A
s__Acetobacterium dehalogenans
s__Psychroserpens algicola
s__Nocardioides sp002698575
s__TMED23 sp002327565
s__Limadaptatus sp949283145
s__Aestuariirhabdus litorea
s__UBA9414 sp018365895
s__CAG-917 sp028724485
s__UBA2231 sp003500765
s__Rhodococcus sp001312645
s__Tepidanaerobacter acetatoxydans
s__Piscinibacter sp016706565
s__UBA3766 sp900100245
s__Coprenecus sp944326265
s__Agrobacterium tumefaciens_I
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902619835
s__CAG-269 sp022795075
s__Kaistia nematophila
s__MWCK01 sp002070005
s__Brevibacterium renqingii
s__Pseudophaeobacter arcticus
s__Burkholderia sp003853415
s__Streptomyces lycii
s__UBA1067 sp902799955
s__UBA2730 sp900313345
s__CAJWOS01 sp913044235
s__Faecimonas sp944359095
s__JAAZVP01 sp018623495
s__Acinetobacter sp002296655
s__Aquirickettsiella sp947058615
s__JAJZPX01 sp021811025
s__Thiomonas sp021799355
s__Poriferisocius sp028819295
s__Caminibacter mediatlanticus
s__Streptomyces telluris
s__Maridesulfovibrio sp002340305
s__GRL18 sp023144715
s__Galliscardovia callimiconis
s__Thauera sp023150215
s__Nocardiopsis exhalans
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278955
s__RGIG4140 sp944392555
s__Arthrobacter cupressi
s__Pseudoduganella umbonata
s__Flavobacterium sp004293165
s__CAIYWZ01 sp903930075
s__Suilimivivens sp947381965
s__Fen-1135 sp003153775
s__Pseudanabaena biceps_A
s__Sphingomonas sp900103265
s__JAFDZW01 sp025363505
s__GCA-2707695 sp002707695
s__Levilinea saccharolytica
s__M10-OD1-1 sp003056145
s__Lawsonibacter sp947573385
s__Brevundimonas naejangsanensis
s__Furfurilactobacillus rossiae_B
s__UBA1547 sp021847685
s__Collinsella sp905208635
s__Paenibacillus_S sp001956045
s__Oceanobacillus sojae_A
s__Micromonospora yangpuensis
s__JASMHC01 sp030750975
s__Nocardioides sp002117935
s__RUG369 sp900317365
s__Vibrio renipiscarius
s__Gallimonas sp944338165
s__Aliarcobacter aquimarinus
s__Bact-11 sp902773925
s__Halobacillus salinus
s__Fluviibacter sp903870055
s__Pelagibacter sp902518155
s__Telluria sp020707265
s__Aveggerthella excrementigallinarum
s__Planktophila sp009694515
s__CAJLXD01 sp944392225
s__JANWZL01 sp025054655
s__JAGLWT01 sp023133295
s__Magnetospirillum sp006218045
s__Prevotella sp946183985
s__GCA-2698995 sp002698995
s__SLSR01 sp007130365
s__Limnocylindrus sp903851225
s__Ruminococcus sp900761275
s__GCA-2720195 sp002720195
s__Halomonas campaniensis
s__Allorhizobium thiooxidans
s__Cohnella sp003001675
s__Pseudomonas_E graminis_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902589765
s__WTGU01 sp028818855
s__SXXK01 sp023262145
s__JAJZNM01 sp021852325
s__Solincola_A sp030019255
s__UBA1740 sp017472305
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000801235
s__Vibrio ordalii
s__WYBA01 sp020633495
s__Anaerobutyricum stercoripullorum
s__CAG-510 sp945919075
s__Senegalimassilia sp002431805
s__Curtanaerobium respiraculi
s__Kineothrix sp009911195
s__UBA2589 sp013002885
s__Aristophania vespae
s__Actinomarina sp902519215
s__Oceanitalea sp937958535
s__Tidjanibacter sp015059945
s__Bacteroides sp944319875
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944326725
s__Bordetella_C bronchialis
s__Collinsella sp905214145
s__Onthousia sp944363685
s__CALZJD01 sp020354155
s__DRWZ01 sp025060505
s__UBA5893 sp944383375
s__Miltoncostaea sp001464995
s__GCA-002789015 sp943354835
s__MED-G20 sp905182525
s__UBA7867 sp944381215
s__Hymenobacter jejuensis
s__Reinekea marina
s__RUG14130 sp902796025
s__JACKAO01 sp020635035
s__Bacillus_BE massilionigeriensis
s__JAJZYO01 sp021798075
s__Mediterraneibacter_A sp022790755
s__Sulfurimonas sp018825665
s__Spyradenecus sp944389545
s__Superficieibacter electus
s__UBA1711 sp947165345
s__Acidovorax sp003058055
s__UBA3789 sp902780585
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp000224765
s__Paraburkholderia sp900142905
s__Galliscardovia saimiriisciurei
s__QNYK01 sp003973385
s__Christensenella sp022846035
s__Fournierella pullistercoris
s__Egerieousia sp017550655
s__Desulfonatronovibrio sp003557865
s__Caballeronia arationis
s__Vulcanococcus sp010030955
s__UBA2336 sp025055435
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001421885
s__Jejuia pacifica
s__Stercorousia sp944324015
s__JACRCG01 sp013336525
s__UBA6857 sp945863885
s__40CM-4-68-19 sp005879505
s__Dokdonia pacifica
s__VXYL01 sp028818795
s__Paenibacillus_A woosongensis
s__UBA5615 sp002382075
s__Thiovibrio sp013349295
s__Sporosarcina sp029257435
s__DUZN01 sp013349485
s__UBA11452 sp944390795
s__Corynebacterium sphenisci
s__Citrobacter_A amalonaticus_E
s__Hymenobacter sp004684095
s__Wolbachia sp947251645
s__Actinomarina sp003281085
s__Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris
s__Pseudonocardia oroxyli
s__Pseudemcibacter sp905612225
s__CALCJH01 sp937967775
s__Blautia_A sp937893675
s__Marinobacter aromaticivorans
s__Celeribacter marinus_C
s__Pauljensenia provencensis
s__FACHB-800 sp014698825
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017961585
s__Paludibacter sp001898935
s__Xenorhabdus hominickii
s__UBA3766 sp902803015
s__UBA12395 sp001000065
s__Faecisoma sp944359025
s__Roseovarius sp030733385
s__Lepagella sp947174515
s__Rubrobacter_B xylanophilus_A
s__CAKUJM01 sp934661755
s__CAJFPI01 sp904398675
s__Paludisphaera borealis
s__M3007 sp020849825
s__Jeotgalibaca ciconiae
s__Winogradskyella echinorum
s__Amycolatopsis vancoresmycina
s__Corallococcus terminator
s__CACIUL01 sp902589825
s__Faecousia sp905188045
s__IMCC26077 sp945860275
s__Coxiella sp002871095
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945868745
s__Thiococcus pfennigii
s__Zunongwangia mangrovi
s__MWDC01 sp002070355
s__Sedimentibacter sp023425285
s__Collinsella sp900541035
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp011522845
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_X
s__Mesorhizobium_F albiziae
s__Arhodomonas aquaeolei
s__J005 sp015488375
s__RGIG8482 sp949935895
s__Aquirufa fluvialis_A
s__Streptomyces sp003687505
s__SFTH01 sp934663625
s__JAAKFJ01 sp011064745
s__UBA3207 sp902768335
s__Geobacter benzoatilyticus
s__Psychrobacter sp000586415
s__GCA-002789015 sp002789015
s__SSF26 sp019695115
s__Muriicola jejuensis
s__Mycoplasma_L sp904501665
s__Gilliamella apicola_F
s__Lepagella sp029068655
s__Emergencia sp022767345
s__Mf105b01 sp002695905
s__RXIX01 sp003989075
s__Flavobacterium sp002280815
s__S143-107 sp027023025
s__Prevotella enoeca
s__Gellertiella sp945952315
s__Fen-183 sp003152095
s__JADJOA01 sp016714005
s__Caproicibacterium sp022487055
s__Geodermatophilus sabuli
s__CALUPD01 sp944322605
s__CADDZI01 sp902812405
s__GCA-2400775 sp015492075
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp021741065
s__JAERRO01 sp016735395
s__JAGLOF01 sp023139105
s__Bifidobacterium eulemuris
s__Methylocella sp003162995
s__SYAC01 sp903831295
s__RGIG426 sp017410585
s__UBA11222 sp003454415
s__GCA-2753745 sp002753745
s__Methylumidiphilus sp903857165
s__Bacillus_AZ zeae
s__JAQVWQ01 sp028709615
s__Eubacterium_R sp945788455
s__AC2028 sp017940415
s__Planococcus sp021513255
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902789175
s__JAGLTN01 sp023135255
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902798605
s__Pseudothioglobus sp905620445
s__Streptomyces sp009862265
s__GWC2-37-13 sp002792355
s__UBA6249 sp022013085
s__Nocardia speluncae
s__Cypionkella sp030652235
s__Enterococcus_I alcedinis
s__JABLXU01 sp013177805
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944380275
s__AG-12 sp021795235
s__Tetrasphaera_A sp936931335
s__Phocaeicola sp945965395
s__Sphingobium chungbukense
s__Glutamicibacter sp004320535
s__Ruminococcus sp900321885
s__JASHSH01 sp030040955
s__Prosthecobacter sp027484445
s__Bifidobacterium sp029392075
s__SHZI01 sp009692345
s__SCKK01 sp022562455
s__Streptomyces cyaneochromogenes
s__Limimorpha sp900317055
s__JAGLYR01 sp023132135
s__UBA8803 sp003505715
s__CF-13 sp005889535
s__UBA1221 sp944324365
s__UBA1424 sp023393065
s__JAJZHV01 sp027449685
s__Paenibacillus albidus
s__Multivorans sp009837885
s__JAGLSU01 sp023135935
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944381495
s__Azoarcus olearius
s__Aurantibacter aestuarii
s__JAHJML01 sp018821365
s__Cedecea neteri_B
s__Paracoccus siganidrum
s__Anaerotardibacter sp900539675
s__Pseudogemmobacter sp900105075
s__Corynebacterium sp001764565
s__UBA987 sp913056425
s__Levilactobacillus lanxiensis
s__Erythrobacter sp013822695
s__SYAC01 sp005789005
s__Lentilactobacillus curieae
s__Pseudoduganella plicata
s__GWA2-46-10 sp001817635
s__Alteromonas sp003443615
s__Brachyspira sp944390845
s__Corynebacterium faecipullorum
s__CAG-533 sp934101225
s__UBA1248 sp902784545
s__Microbispora sp014161445
s__Flavobacterium sp013072765
s__Flavobacterium sp003668995
s__Meiothermus sp937950405
s__Apibacter adventoris
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944323335
s__Merdicola sp944392945
s__UBA1711 sp002394185
s__Sulfurovum sp024279555
s__Marivita geojedonensis
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AD
s__Prevotella sp017471245
s__AAA536-G10 sp003282145
s__Clostridium sp000230835
s__UBA1711 sp902800395
s__Coprovivens sp902800945
s__SLFH01 sp007124345
s__Levilactobacillus acidifarinae
s__Undibacterium rugosum
s__JAHJIX01 sp018650085
s__Ventricola sp004555535
s__Mailhella sp900770205
s__JAKAGE01 sp021817655
s__CANHVK01 sp947464135
s__Pseudomonas sp017491605
s__Sulfitobacter sp017854855
s__Bradyrhizobium neotropicale
s__UBA6857 sp900768075
s__Staphylococcus sp025558585
s__Paucibacter_A sp025717605
s__Acaryochloris marina
s__Planktophila sp947451045
s__Lentihominibacter sp902797195
s__SOKK01 sp004374725
s__Thermoanaerobacter uzonensis
s__Lachnospira pectinoschiza_B
s__OLB9 sp020850225
s__Saprospira sp903854205
s__Protochlamydia naegleriophila
s__HGM16780 sp944391615
s__Flavobacterium odoratum_A
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016705955
s__JAFGNW01 sp028715215
s__UMGS1696 sp934433485
s__Collinsella sp900767675
s__CAITIQ01 sp016719945
s__UMGS1613 sp934167485
s__JAJZWH01 sp021804085
s__Multivorans sp021296535
s__CALWPY01 sp944383545
s__Pelagibacter_A sp003282965
s__CAG-582 sp934090935
s__JALELV01 sp022768545
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028714915
s__Spyradenecus sp944389945
s__NIES-981 sp014280235
s__Nioella sediminis
s__Jejuia sp947489085
s__Cognaticolwellia sp014076985
s__JAGGSF01 sp023128455
s__RGIG5472 sp017501355
s__Micromonospora sp008868155
s__UBA4951 sp016287465
s__Prevotella sp900119285
s__Rubrivivax sp019635315
s__Sphingomonas sp913775315
s__CAIMNF01 sp947462765
s__2-02-FULL-62-17 sp945897475
s__Oceanicaulis sp024742735
s__JAGLYZ01 sp023130975
s__JAGQXC01 sp020636355
s__Flavobacterium crassostreae
s__ER46 sp947472765
s__JABDNZ01 sp013043565
s__Paucisalibacillus massiliensis
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_B suwonensis_A
s__JACKNM01 sp024234875
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp027619415
s__JAQWSC01 sp029243385
s__DAIEKJ01 sp027350645
s__Alteromonas indica
s__Mesorhizobium composti
s__Acidovorax sp003663825
s__MWCQ01 sp002070105
s__UBA2994 sp913043805
s__MED-G16 sp002696995
s__C7867-001 sp001189095
s__PNMQ01 sp013823725
s__UBA1784 sp015061615
s__CAIKAH01 sp903825355
s__CAG-873 sp937921035
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans_E
s__JABCPO02 sp902488785
s__Nitrosomonas sp021604405
s__Tetragenococcus pullicola
s__Nitrosomonas sp002083595
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007123715
s__JABGPZ01 sp018644725
s__CAG-177 sp905235625
s__JAKAEA01 sp021785065
s__Terrihalobacillus insolitus
s__VMDH01 sp023257795
s__UBA1328 sp027618835
s__Pedobacter alluvionis
s__JAHJRV01 sp023129485
s__Geminicoccus harenae
s__VMDH01 sp008080945
s__VFHP01 sp009391535
s__Luteibacter sp900110505
s__UBA7446 sp009886265
s__Achromobacter sp002902905
s__Streptomyces toxytricini
s__UBA2210 sp019313695
s__Cupriavidus sp005503625
s__Spirabiliibacterium mucosae
s__JAQULM01 sp028718605
s__JAKAHE01 sp021815285
s__RUG14130 sp017395065
s__Collinsella sp958348985
s__Syner-03 sp002428495
s__Hydrogenisulfobacillus filiaventi
s__WRAC01 sp009780415
s__Falsiroseomonas frigidaquae
s__Ventrenecus sp947631895
s__VFJL01 sp947471695
s__UBA9973 sp001786835
s__Chitinophaga barathri
s__Nocardioides dongkuii
s__2-12-FULL-36-22 sp018660415
s__Psychroserpens sp947492715
s__Parapedobacter tibetensis
s__Prevotella sp900547085
s__JASHPB01 sp030038355
s__XYA12-FULL-58-9 sp001798605
s__UBA4421 sp002704325
s__Agreia sp001422485
s__BM521 sp018646705
s__Halonatronomonas betaini
s__UMGS1668 sp017991935
s__JAADGZ01 sp015491815
s__CALVVN01 sp944350305
s__JADIYM01 sp016705245
s__Chryseomicrobium hominis
s__Neobacillus rubiinfantis
s__Rhodococcus sp027158005
s__CAJPQU01 sp905373705
s__Sphingomicrobium astaxanthinifaciens_A
s__Pseudomonas_E parasichuanensis
s__Terrisporobacter mayombei
s__Pseudomonas_E sp026723825
s__Otoolea sp900547735
s__Puniceispirillum sp018668795
s__Chamaesiphon sp025351825
s__Fibrobacter sp937891805
s__UBA2804 sp900768635
s__Cephaloticoccus sp002367815
s__Collinsella sp900557455
s__Streptomyces monomycini
s__KM106-2 sp023434365
s__JAQCEJ01 sp027618475
s__Sphaerisporangium krabiense
s__Streptomyces olivoreticuli
s__Lachnospira sp945939115
s__Modicisalibacter sp001039575
s__Beduini sp027676805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944322925
s__UBA3637 sp002372315
s__UBA2943 sp902764915
s__UMGS1994 sp944386155
s__Corallococcus sp020037015
s__Nitrosospira briensis
s__Quinella sp947302675
s__DYSN01 sp013166655
s__QNZR01 sp027057185
s__Variovorax beijingensis
s__UBA952 sp945860065
s__Anaerostipes sp028697725
s__Paenacidovorax sp021286965
s__Prevotella sp000424185
s__Tenebribacter sp023137125
s__JAGQGZ01 sp020432105
s__Sellimonas sp904393575
s__JAGORO01 sp018062785
s__HY158 sp009660225
s__GCA-016699145 sp943349825
s__Lentimicrobium sp002412885
s__RBC034 sp902826835
s__Rhodanobacter glycinis_A
s__Thermosipho_A sp017656335
s__DTU086 sp001513335
s__UBA4417 sp903879715
s__UBA2991 sp026702615
s__2-01-FULL-40-13 sp001789745
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AE
s__Chromobacterium haemolyticum_A
s__JALWEZ01 sp947311515
s__Microbacterium sp001423615
s__Devosia ureilytica
s__UMGS1590 sp934229395
s__Planococcus halotolerans
s__Flavobacterium sp903879875
s__Nanosynbacter sp900556885
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017454335
s__Siminovitchia acidinfaciens
s__DYFA01 sp020725425
s__RQCD01 sp008668455
s__AG-422-B15 sp902521655
s__Pseudomonas multiresinivorans
s__Flavobacterium sp943329165
s__JAKEEP01 sp022616475
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_M
s__Limnohabitans sp009925585
s__JAAVYD01 sp022790955
s__Collinsella sp900762345
s__Palsa-187 sp003170295
s__UBA3792 sp902789675
s__Marinobacterium_D lacunae
s__Mt11 sp001282665
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017521285
s__Kangiella profundi
s__JADKCZ01 sp021806645
s__Allorhizobium taibaishanense
s__RUG591 sp902782915
s__Xanthomonas_A campestris_A
s__JAJYRX01 sp021793875
s__Psychrobacter luti
s__Sulfoacidibacillus ferrooxidans
s__SAR86A sp902516285
s__Alistipes sp017938765
s__Limnobacter litoralis
s__Prevotella sp002363695
s__Pelagibacter sp902577525
s__JANWWI01 sp025056355
s__Gp6-AA40 sp001767195
s__Ch130 sp013177945
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp017533505
s__Aquimonas sp002352135
s__JAMDDL01 sp023487035
s__Paracoccus sediminis
s__CALXWF01 sp944392285
s__JAOLAV01 sp028101095
s__UBA10364 sp003455605
s__Amycolatopsis balhimycina
s__JALTLT01 sp027001815
s__Companilactobacillus nantensis
s__Rhizobium grahamii_A
s__Pseudolabrys sp001464835
s__JAJZWH01 sp021777375
s__Duganella vulcania
s__UBA6857 sp017425745
s__WFWF01 sp015491275
s__Sphingomicrobium sp013812805
s__Streptococcus mitis_BJ
s__JAAYDK01 sp012729295
s__Helicobacter_E labacensis
s__JACKHV01 sp020638835
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp018822105
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007116585
s__Limimorpha sp905233445
s__UBA3907 sp018052475
s__Sodaliphilus sp017478265
s__Parenemella sanctibonifatiensis
s__Luteitalea sp001464065
s__UBA10649 sp903940375
s__1-14-0-10-47-16 sp002773395
s__Pseudofrankia saprophytica
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389505
s__UBA6256 sp024653485
s__RGIG7332 sp934646115
s__Ruminococcus_C sp947176075
s__Clostridium_Y paradoxum
s__SURF-52 sp021817645
s__UBA11490 sp944381145
s__Bacillus_A sp900116295
s__Chordicoccus sp002371465
s__C7867-001 sp002429325
s__Limimorpha sp017630195
s__HGM12713 sp904501715
s__Deinococcus fonticola
s__Flavobacterium sp003497625
s__B33-G16 sp020348625
s__UBA954 sp018970545
s__CAG-877 sp944329395
s__Desulfolinea nitratireducens
s__JAHDCG01 sp020629965
s__Aquabacterium_A sp937864045
s__Vescimonas sp946412355
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003696305
s__Oerskovia paurometabola
s__Solimicrobium sp903862415
s__Enterenecus sp949916125
s__CALUXS01 sp944324725
s__SZUA-444 sp023395435
s__LD21 sp016715075
s__FB2012 sp900104495
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002288445
s__JACOSY01 sp016178595
s__C7867-001 sp018823385
s__JAENYX01 sp016841565
s__Glaesserella australis
s__SXYR01 sp947463665
s__Shewanella sp006494715
s__SCQP01 sp027451805
s__HGM04593 sp017522915
s__PHOS-HE28 sp963169595
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_A
s__Streptococcus mitis_F
s__RGIG5612 sp017441295
s__JARIHM01 sp029288275
s__CAKVNM01 sp934747255
s__Bog-752 sp003164655
s__Eubacterium_R sp934561735
s__SW10 sp002172625
s__Anaerobiospirillum_A sp029258325
s__UBA1711 sp002309955
s__JAGWAZ01 sp021296135
s__GUT77 sp009786575
s__Botrimarina mediterranea
s__RKRQ01 sp022822065
s__JAADFF01 sp027063755
s__Acidocella sp021826425
s__RGIG8773 sp947177695
s__20CM-4-69-16 sp003220935
s__QAND01 sp003150225
s__Myxococcus eversor
s__UBA3951 sp012842685
s__CALWPT01 sp944383495
s__UBA3263 sp947176925
s__RYN-182 sp025965515
s__Woeseia oceani
s__JAJZQG01 sp021847645
s__GCA-2721545 sp905612245
s__Tannerella sp031265585
s__Sideroxyarcus sp018820925
s__Aveggerthella stercoripullorum
s__Flavonifractor sp017811815
s__UMGS1613 sp900553395
s__Fimenecus sp946041635
s__Cellulomonas sp023388235
s__UBA8079 sp002727315
s__UMGS1883 sp900768005
s__Psychrobacter sp000586475
s__CATZCM01 sp958417225
s__Erysipelothrix inopinata
s__Alteribacter populi
s__Lysobacter_C ciconiae
s__Epulopiscium_C sp001994995
s__VAYN01 sp025936755
s__Rhodoferax sp028715765
s__MVRV01 sp903907985
s__Geomobilibacter sp021849045
s__WFVT01 sp030950365
s__CF-96 sp005889515
s__RAAP-2 sp009701115
s__Chlorobium sp903904495
s__Virgibacillus_B alimentarius
s__Flavobacterium alvei
s__Shinella kummerowiae
s__HLUCCA01 sp020832235
s__JACXUG01 sp024762585
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp945906765
s__JAGBWK01 sp947177325
s__Thiohalocapsa sp021736785
s__Microcella sp026625045
s__CALIBK01 sp938045955
s__PUML01 sp007131125
s__Azophilus sp028820495
s__Labedella gwakjiensis
s__Bin16 sp028874795
s__STD2-154 sp028693645
s__Collinsella sp900761155
s__Vibrio ishigakensis
s__Centipeda periodontii
s__JANXSV01 sp025356505
s__Propioniciclava tarda
s__GCA-003244245 sp003244245
s__JAAYJK01 sp016841425
s__Flavobacterium sp004339525
s__NIES-981 sp007135755
s__UBA6984 sp002450015
s__Paracoccus zeaxanthinifaciens
s__ACE-ARM1 sp019454105
s__Flagellimonas alvinocaridis
s__JAJYVN01 sp021791995
s__Rubrivivax sp001295865
s__JAKSCF01 sp022360735
s__Bostrichicola ureolyticus_A
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002286815
s__Ga0077548 sp019454205
s__Azoarcus indigens
s__JAGMBS01 sp023129575
s__Stutzerimonas marianensis
s__ASP10-05a sp905182895
s__Luteipulveratus sp029439465
s__UBA2868 sp016281675
s__RUG369 sp902772705
s__CAG-791 sp900313745
s__Roseinatronobacter calidilacus
s__Variovorax sp019207085
s__Alistipes senegalensis_A
s__Nocardia jiangxiensis
s__Bin107 sp022828125
s__VSOB01 sp947574055
s__UBA11358 sp903936645
s__RUG11257 sp017446775
s__UBA2391 sp002343825
s__Aequorivita vitellina
s__UBA1672 sp023141075
s__Oceanobacillus sojae
s__JAFGPF01 sp023135135
s__Henriciella pelagia
s__UBA6944 sp002721305
s__RGIG5270 sp017456285
s__Limenecus sp944323275
s__Collinsella sp905215225
s__Wujia sp015057555
s__JAHDSC01 sp018432925
s__Limibacillus halophilus
s__CAZU01 sp944391695
s__Petrimonas sp002069095
s__JAHJFT01 sp018824325
s__Acidocella sp018971565
s__PWLA01 sp007129525
s__JAHFIV01 sp023246225
s__Brevundimonas sp027487935
s__JAGLWB01 sp023133655
s__Agathobacter sp949740385
s__Sediminibacterium sp004297075
s__Clostridium_E sp002397665
s__Cupriavidus lacunae
s__CAIJNA01 sp015663165
s__UBA1258 sp902772805
s__Marinobacter subterrani
s__RGIG7179 sp022793795
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BT
s__Tolypothrix_B sp002368235
s__Saprospira grandis_C
s__Treponema_D sp017421145
s__Salinicola lusitanus
s__Defluviilinea sp016223135
s__Nanosynbacter sp022819345
s__UBA3210 sp015059045
s__Frankia gtarii
s__Atopococcus tabaci
s__Prevotella sp018065185
s__HIMB59 sp002169365
s__Streptomyces sp026627445
s__S146-64 sp015492515
s__JACYLU01 sp015272325
s__Perlabentimonas sp028680705
s__Weissella minor
s__UBA2227 sp030694975
s__Altererythrobacter_D sp004282995
s__CAMCNU01 sp945876385
s__Clostridium_AM magnum
s__JAKACU01 sp021821185
s__PXAS01 sp020831625
s__Clostridium sartagoforme_A
s__UBA5206 sp016931855
s__UBA2219 sp021802685
s__JAQBXN01 sp027625095
s__Marinoscillum sp030425425
s__Brevundimonas mediterranea
s__Moorella stamsii
s__Pusillimonas_B lactea
s__CAIMVM01 sp903844895
s__UBA11096 sp025057245
s__VBDM01 sp005881575
s__Novosphingopyxis baekryungensis
s__Agromyces sp001620055
s__Caballeronia sp018408855
s__JAICKM01 sp025927935
s__Udaeobacter sp003221195
s__DMER01 sp003451645
s__Haemophilus_D sp019423025
s__JACRCG01 sp903958085
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944381345
s__Pseudomonas_F resinovorans_C
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio indicus
s__RUG11224 sp946630315
s__Paenibacillus sinensis
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli_A
s__JAFDFH01 sp019309945
s__Bordetella_C sp002119725
s__Paenibacillus_AH cisolokensis
s__UBA2450 sp902769185
s__ZC4RG25 sp023416575
s__S143-136 sp015489595
s__Lepagella sp014800245
s__JALGVU01 sp025774545
s__CAKPSH01 sp948745425
s__JAQVAZ01 sp028690585
s__Longilinea sp026645875
s__Limosilactobacillus sp022651205
s__Mycobacterium pulveris
s__JAJZQO01 sp021810725
s__Nitrosospira multiformis_E
s__CAISDR01 sp903884125
s__Caccovivens sp949077035
s__UBA5169 sp002429485
s__CAG-272 sp017552165
s__Kribbella sandramycini
s__Promicromonospora citrea
s__CADBNZ01 sp905233775
s__Dorea_A sp022769185
s__Eubacterium_R sp944380545
s__Stenotrophomonas sp004348115
s__SMWK01 sp004356895
s__HGM04593 sp017547585
s__Streptococcus sp001553685
s__2-12-FULL-37-12 sp001769655
s__Leptospira_B inadai
s__Flavobacterium croceum
s__RGIG7300 sp017398145
s__JANWVE01 sp938028625
s__JAEWAH01 sp023436585
s__Glycomyces algeriensis
s__2-01-FULL-52-15 sp001818365
s__GCA-2729495 sp024229935
s__OLB19 sp002377025
s__Hymenobacter sp023101345
s__CALXXL01 sp023459755
s__Vibrio sp007124475
s__Hominimerdicola sp002391065
s__Pullichristensenella avicola
s__Pararhodobacter sp001691415
s__Faecousia sp004556205
s__Salinicola salarius_A
s__Variovorax sp030317035
s__CALVGN01 sp944327105
s__Cryobacterium sinapicolor
s__Caballeronia sp940588625
s__Alloprevotella sp900752815
s__CAG-492 sp905215935
s__Saccharofermentans sp902787975
s__Nostoc paludosum
s__SLAU01 sp007126675
s__Dysosmobacter sp900770295
s__STC-113 sp028689205
s__Ghiorsea sp027080505
s__Granulicatella sp001071995
s__Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus_B
s__Hydrogenophaga taeniospiralis
s__JAFDYH01 sp018267535
s__Arthrobacter_D zhaoguopingii
s__4572-104 sp002084435
s__Stercorousia sp944326635
s__Helcococcus sueciensis
s__Paraprevotella sp944320775
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp005878095
s__UBA2903 sp002393065
s__Microvirga flocculans
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209795
s__JAGLUH01 sp023134875
s__GWA2-41-24 sp001775055
s__Pseudoxanthomonas broegbernensis
s__UBA2185 sp017885225
s__Treponema_D sp017392945
s__MED-G78 sp905181955
s__Bog-105 sp019239585
s__UBA1213 sp902766305
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947179325
s__GCA-002793235 sp002790175
s__Scatovivens sp947426305
s__Nocardioides sp020636915
s__Desulfotomaculum aquiferis
s__UBA6013 sp002428105
s__Pseudomonas_E argentinensis
s__Tepidiphilus sp028684345
s__Methylacidiphilum infernorum
s__Planktomarina sp016780825
s__Purcelliella pentastirinorum_A
s__Vibrio splendidus_F
s__Pelagibacter sp902546765
s__JAFAEM01 sp023411775
s__UBA7451 sp913049815
s__CG10-46-32 sp001889965
s__L227-S17 sp013390565
s__Cohnella sp023460795
s__Ruminococcus sp029062165
s__1109 sp001028815
s__CAG-1252 sp002368735
s__NHYN01 sp947177485
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018066125
s__Desulfacinum sp014359885
s__Bulleidia sp030525525
s__Pseudomonas_F lalkuanensis
s__JAJZWH01 sp021790005
s__Ruminococcus sp017513795
s__Bact-08 sp030695025
s__Micromonospora tropica
s__PLanc-01 sp012719085
s__Neoroseomonas bogorensis_C
s__GWC2-42-12 sp001778055
s__Cycloclasticus sp018066825
s__JAFNGF01 sp017885385
s__Thiovibrio sp013791995
s__CALYZD01 sp945607565
s__UBA964 sp947459825
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902773185
s__Agromyces badenianii
s__PXAI01 sp003567135
s__UMGS1613 sp910584085
s__Sphaerisporangium siamense
s__Hoyosella altamirensis
s__UBA4572 sp027314645
s__LD21 sp003520925
s__GCA-2699445 sp022599915
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903932865
s__JADGBG01 sp015231605
s__Cellulomonas marina
s__Apilactobacillus apinorum
s__Hominicoprocola sp002437735
s__CAG-269 sp934155625
s__Lepagella sp947178175
s__Aquiluna sp009704945
s__Albidovulum sp020637635
s__UBA2289 sp002419505
s__Elizabethkingia sp003058195
s__UBA1096 sp002299785
s__Onthocola_B sp934085825
s__PUPG01 sp007124575
s__JAFAFE01 sp023423655
s__JACKPQ01 sp024233435
s__Bulleidia sp903789495
s__JAJRUK01 sp022561255
s__CAACVY01 sp938010045
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_W
s__UBA2979 sp002725365
s__UBA1267 sp902803485
s__CAG-266 sp949287345
s__Aminobacter anthyllidis
s__Streptomyces capitiformicae
s__Prevotella sp902771155
s__UBA6663 sp016789175
s__JARRBX01 sp029982245
s__Oribacterium sp000424445
s__Enterenecus sp004560375
s__28-YEA-48 sp947380915
s__RGIG3102 sp944386045
s__UBA7623 sp002484105
s__Sphingobium phenoxybenzoativorans
s__JAKAEA01 sp021818465
s__DTJG01 sp023819255
s__Sphingomonas japonica
s__Sphingomonas sp024666595
s__UBA5905 sp021640185
s__Lentilitoribacter sp900537175
s__Rubripirellula obstinata
s__Abiotrophia sp938010525
s__Treponema_D sp947174385
s__WGA-3G sp026702755
s__Peribacter sp028703445
s__Billgrantia pellis
s__Magnetospirillum sp903941095
s__Melaminivora_A suipulveris
s__Azospira_A danicus
s__Streptomyces yatensis
s__JAIMAT01 sp023511835
s__UBA1752 sp017501055
s__Flavobacterium haoranii
s__Ezakiella sp022778715
s__Leptotrichia_A sp000469505
s__Fimenecus sp017624735
s__SIG673 sp015064245
s__RUG12783 sp016291895
s__JAJYSO01 sp021793535
s__Methylobacter_C sp947454605
s__UBA8401 sp003456055
s__Reyranella sp010032545
s__CALXEL01 sp944387315
s__CHH4-2 sp002899675
s__Streptomyces tsukubensis_B
s__SZUA-584 sp023412005
s__Arenimonas composti
s__CALKGK01 sp029238785
s__JALXCH01 sp026991005
s__UBA10649 sp937902285
s__Ferruginibacter sp947452875
s__Zth2 sp024225035
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944383895
s__UBA1712 sp017540355
s__RUG410 sp900320035
s__Schaedlerella sp934435195
s__Paludibacterium yongneupense
s__MED727 sp902587145
s__Bartonella vinsonii
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021806125
s__Porticoccus sp018066715
s__Rhodopirellula sp020966775
s__Lepagella sp023662865
s__Thalassotalea_B piscium
s__SYFN01 sp021299035
s__JAJCYL01 sp027592755
s__S139-169 sp015491055
s__GCA-2401725 sp015491935
s__Enterenecus sp021768085
s__RGIG8762 sp944342055
s__GWF2-38-69 sp001803205
s__JAAXTX01 sp013334575
s__Streptosporangium subroseum
s__JACDHN01 sp030857495
s__Sphingosinicella sp013911755
s__JAQVCM01 sp947450325
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017477505
s__Photobacterium sanctipauli
s__Micromonospora echinofusca
s__JADFRC01 sp022561985
s__RUG658 sp902761395
s__Marinobacter orientalis
s__Borreliella lanei
s__Avimuribaculum sp944320595
s__Cytomitobacter primus
s__UBA1248 sp902797235
s__UBA8337 sp002721725
s__Phaeospirillum sp903901915
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp943788515
s__JAQWCN01 sp028705955
s__Crenobacter luteus
s__GCA-002733185 sp015490835
s__SLDT01 sp007125125
s__Weissella diestrammenae
s__UBA3402 sp022796015
s__Arenibacter amylolyticus
s__Pseudolabrys sp003133345
s__Zobellia amurskyensis
s__UBA4055 sp028702975
s__Mesorhizobium sp001425625
s__UBA8592 sp002341185
s__Jannaschia sp019655435
s__SG8-41 sp029863175
s__CAG-177 sp002451755
s__CAJWLW01 sp030754995
s__JALXBP01 sp026991395
s__Prevotella sp900769275
s__UBA1174 sp002311025
s__Pauljensenia culturomici
s__JADJEK01 sp016709145
s__Microbacterium sp001426925
s__UBA2645 sp903898475
s__JAJBSZ01 sp021201355
s__S139-169 sp015485505
s__Marinisoma sp028140795
s__JARGPN01 sp018067045
s__Yersinia nurmii
s__JAAYIB01 sp012744295
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp904420525
s__Streptacidiphilus jiangxiensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902600205
s__Bin98 sp002238905
s__Dietzia aurantiaca
s__UBA1847 sp947259985
s__JAQVEM01 sp028696435
s__Streptococcus mitis_AH
s__JABDCD01 sp028873525
s__UBA1081 sp900321595
s__Zoogloea ramigera
s__JANWVO01 sp025056865
s__CAZU01 sp944389095
s__Alistipes sp944321965
s__Collinsella sp003487125
s__Lachnoclostridium_A sp944383765
s__Malacoplasma sp029050415
s__Caminibacter sp027062285
s__UBA2394 sp002343335
s__JAGVKL01 sp026399195
s__Endozoicomonas sp024509075
s__Acetatifactor sp023663505
s__Flavobacterium hydatis
s__Neiella marina
s__Halobacillus yeomjeoni
s__CAG-170 sp934613505
s__Vibrio sp001635455
s__Paraburkholderia sp001922345
s__RGIG2000 sp017625915
s__Niabella sp028485475
s__Acetatifactor sp934402315
s__Bacteroides sp947176775
s__Villigracilis sp001567105
s__Archangium gephyra
s__OLB17 sp023391155
s__PALSA-926 sp018971405
s__Streptomyces sp000373585
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902583445
s__Pelagibacter sp902636025
s__Roseibium aquae
s__RGIG1899 sp017397005
s__UBA1412 sp017557085
s__Lentimonas sp029252625
s__Actinomyces sp900323545
s__Sinorhizobium sp030124375
s__Alteraurantiacibacter arachoides
s__Paracoccus halophilus
s__CAG-269 sp934149075
s__Dysosmobacter sp904393855
s__Pelagibacter sp902596975
s__Mariniblastus sp938036435
s__JAGOSP01 sp017983435
s__C7867-001 sp001189075
s__TMP-24 sp945952025
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946999645
s__JAFAXD01 sp019241285
s__TH-plancto1 sp003669575
s__WYBL01 sp011526565
s__RBG-16-49-21 sp022704585
s__Avidehalobacter sp017397935
s__Prevotella sp947177775
s__Gillisia sp900104765
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila_E
s__OCS116 sp013214705
s__JACPWU01 sp016196885
s__JAICWP01 sp025934735
s__Agreia bicolorata
s__Magnetaquicoccus sp002753135
s__JAGUWR01 sp020062265
s__Duganella alba
s__Villigracilis sp030583885
s__CAG-1031 sp014802445
s__Nitrosomonas sp030682075
s__Parabacteroides sp905196875
s__JAABRD01 sp022729575
s__CAG-873 sp029059965
s__Caccovivens sp944349535
s__Gracilibacillus massiliensis
s__Bulleidia sp900554555
s__Gp1-AA122 sp003225055
s__UBA3384 sp002358935
s__Aphodocola sp944359725
s__Nocardioides dongxiaopingii
s__Aequorivita aquimaris
s__Sodaliphilus sp900317835
s__Draconibacterium sp027011835
s__WLMZ01 sp025463425
s__Devosia sp028290435
s__Streptomyces sp009832925
s__UBA5399 sp002407725
s__JAFZMK01 sp017444505
s__Lentihominibacter sp958448635
s__SIG673 sp944391815
s__Trichlorobacter sp021782545
s__HRBIN21 sp938084565
s__Yoonia sp938016515
s__Collinsella sp900541235
s__CACZRG01 sp902783485
s__PWJY01 sp007128085
s__RF16 sp902774075
s__Pseudomonas_E sp011752525
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900316385
s__Wujia sp900766925
s__Thermosulfurimonas_A sp015487645
s__HIMB11 sp009920815
s__Merdousia sp944391135
s__Pelethousia sp944336625
s__Brevundimonas sp016429195
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017443465
s__Arachnia sp947255005
s__JALEHC01 sp022763215
s__Achromobacter spanius_D
s__Plastoroseomonas sp028288785
s__Parageobacillus thermoglucosidasius_A
s__Desulfosarcina sp002352605
s__Zag111 sp934692625
s__UBA10066 sp905480225
s__Profundibacter sp002732995
s__Geoalkalibacter ferrihydriticus
s__UBA5976 sp947452755
s__Cloacimonas sp029565535
s__HGM04593 sp017536765
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp022448485
s__UBA1752 sp017434845
s__UBA953 sp009924535
s__Bradyrhizobium sp025960445
s__RGIG3566 sp017445385
s__Sutterella sp905197905
s__UBA4334 sp017507385
s__Pristimantibacillus harenae_A
s__JAQGMR01 sp028292265
s__HY038 sp025449335
s__Streptomyces capoamus
s__BOG-930 sp021780035
s__Pelagibacter sp902538495
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AO
s__RUG591 sp934119955
s__SIG589 sp015065875
s__QPIN01 sp021647145
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016281015
s__Enterousia sp904502245
s__Chitinophaga nivalis
s__SYLG01 sp945868575
s__Thermonema rossianum
s__Hydrogenimonas sp015494675
s__Clostridium hominis
s__WTFV01 sp021296515
s__Luteolibacter sp021298895
s__CAIOTO01 sp903861255
s__Corynebacterium hansenii
s__JAACFB01 sp945787435
s__OLB17 sp001567505
s__UBA8958 sp029561465
s__Collinsella sp902466285
s__Allorhizobium sp020621905
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000376845
s__Mogibacterium sp916438645
s__EhC02 sp001650895
s__Onthocola_B sp944363825
s__Nodularia sp015207755
s__Proteiniborus sp002376545
s__Gleimia sp012837655
s__Rhodoferax sp903856025
s__CAIKHN01 sp943358395
s__B18-G4 sp023132505
s__Phytoplasma sp000012225
s__Flavobacterium sp003096795
s__AC-69 sp005885325
s__Buchnera aphidicola_R
s__CAIKHN01 sp943350635
s__AU392 sp938011315
s__Flavobacterium noncentrifugens
s__JAGUVE01 sp020063075
s__UBA2287 sp002345675
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_CC
s__Streptococcus sp002871495
s__Avisuccinivibrio_A sp944389835
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A nasistruthionis
s__Hassallia byssoidea_A
s__JAGVNC01 sp020053475
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp902464405
s__Alistipes sp017465575
s__Goodfellowiella coeruleoviolacea
s__Prevotella sp902803455
s__CAG-873 sp902493335
s__CAJXSO01 sp913061505
s__Limnohabitans parapertussis_B
s__Anaerobutyricum sp934317185
s__Sediminibacterium sp002281575
s__Cellulomonas gilvus
s__Nostoc sp002246015
s__CALGLS01 sp937959375
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_W
s__Streptomyces aquilus
s__UBA3207 sp028723545
s__JAGPFE01 sp018056705
s__42-54-T18 sp002162955
s__Planktophila sp903839585
s__JAIPEW01 sp021736985
s__Lichenicola sp903844135
s__Actinomyces howellii
s__JAGPKJ01 sp018053995
s__AG-414-E02 sp913050185
s__Limivicinus sp902795885
s__Mariniflexile sp002848895
s__Devosia_A sp023430705
s__Limivicinus sp944385125
s__Dysgonomonas sp011039205
s__4572-13 sp937920485
s__Sodaliphilus sp902793405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060255
s__Lepagella sp001701075
s__Agrobacterium bohemicum
s__Acetatifactor sp947177445
s__MR-S7 sp000400995
s__Luteimonas_D sp001717465
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947577065
s__Enterousia sp944392535
s__Pseudovibrio sp000156235
s__G713 sp011192175
s__JACKFY01 sp020632235
s__Methylocystis sp016869555
s__Collinsella sp958421035
s__Prevotella sp900770025
s__Cupriavidus sp017814975
s__AG-422-B15 sp902519835
s__Prevotella sp902800595
s__Caccocola faecipullorum
s__Collinsella sp900546115
s__Actinomyces bowdenii
s__Arachnia sp943914565
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903885865
s__Corynebacterium falsenii_A
s__SZAS-3 sp018239815
s__4484-100 sp002049785
s__JACNKH01 sp014382155
s__UBA9145 sp943842505
s__UBA3465 sp020440935
s__UBA6935 sp002722705
s__Streptomyces pactum_A
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900320995
s__Acididesulfobacter sp021821565
s__Paramuribaculum sp947177595
s__CAG-103 sp905215475
s__OLB19 sp023898565
s__Nocardia wallacei_A
s__Saccharofermentans sp017612755
s__Delta-02 sp003506795
s__GCA-002793575 sp002774055
s__2-02-FULL-66-14 sp004298295
s__Ruminococcus sp017961625
s__WFXV01 sp015490435
s__GCA-002690875 sp902537615
s__Sulfurimonas sp023229105
s__Roseivirga seohaensis
s__Amycolatopsis sp030269325
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp948960675
s__Luteimonas_D sp023444765
s__Galloscillospira_B sp902474785
s__SXRM01 sp005792545
s__Coprenecus sp944326245
s__PEYH01 sp018900835
s__JAJZQD01 sp021847735
s__Sulfurimicrobium denitrificans_A
s__JAADJA01 sp021740645
s__Mesoaciditoga lauensis
s__Polaribacter sp943787375
s__JAJZFK01 sp027450145
s__Salinibacter sp913055845
s__Merdousia sp944389195
s__Acidithiobacillus sp027445725
s__Fen-1064 sp003153955
s__Limimorpha sp016281295
s__RGIG8482 sp949948835
s__Paenibacillus camerounensis
s__UBA2450 sp002392945
s__MED-G13 sp902626365
s__Ch115 sp013178415
s__Neolewinella marina
s__Luteimonas_D wenzhouensis
s__GWC1-37-10 sp001793825
s__Psychromonas arctica
s__SKZT01 sp011389745
s__Chitinophaga alhagiae
s__Nitrosomonas sp902826055
s__RGIG8482 sp948852375
s__JAHHTG01 sp944324155
s__SpSt-205 sp026003215
s__JAMCRD01 sp023380475
s__CSP1-2 sp001443445
s__Cloacibacillus sp023450745
s__Chryseobacterium sp913777465
s__Lepagella sp900555915
s__Mucilaginibacter sp010093045
s__Algihabitans sp028285215
s__JACKPL01 sp024233545
s__UBA1494 sp002706365
s__Petralouisia sp948470065
s__CAKPCJ01 sp934141575
s__Faecimorpha sp902493345
s__ZC4RG25 sp002919265
s__JAKEHO01 sp022614965
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944322565
s__Hominilimicola sp945876665
s__Nocardia sp009829325
s__UBA737 sp015066005
s__Vescimonas sp017412585
s__CAISCU01 sp023151275
s__Synechococcus_C sp002172935
s__Faecousia sp934565795
s__Lichenicola cladoniae
s__DQWO01 sp011042595
s__AG41 sp003222035
s__JAICWE01 sp025934955
s__Enterocloster sp001304855
s__CAIQWF01 sp903875455
s__Methylacidiphilum sp004421255
s__OLB17 sp019639115
s__Rubrivivax sp028868875
s__Chitiniphilus shinanonensis
s__HIMB59 sp902557145
s__GCA-2687015 sp019312665
s__Paracoccus aminovorans_B
s__Ohtaekwangia sp023417065
s__CALXRW01 sp944390965
s__JAKAQV01 sp027406905
s__UBA3015 sp002342345
s__Draconibacterium sediminis
s__Ruminococcus sp017543595
s__JJ008 sp014879565
s__WRNX01 sp009787115
s__CALCMJ01 sp938045585
s__JAGWJP01 sp028865725
s__Scatacola_A sp944392155
s__DTU087 sp001513495
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021778815
s__Ligilactobacillus ceti
s__Streptomyces sp028747205
s__Limivivens sp934393555
s__Aquirufa sp002454335
s__JAGLTR01 sp023135155
s__Actinotalea fermentans
s__Algibacter_B sp029245835
s__Protoclostridium sp944376015
s__ECS31B3 sp025698895
s__UBA6595 sp027621615
s__Pelagibacter sp003278065
s__JAQTMH01 sp028714495
s__RGIG8482 sp948468275
s__Lacrimispora indica
s__Bacillus_P sp004358755
s__IGN16 sp013112585
s__JADKFD01 sp024234055
s__UBA10364 sp003385605
s__UBA3222 sp017958565
s__SZUA-370 sp018816345
s__Rodentibacter mrazii
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944392705
s__OLB17 sp017983495
s__Actinosynnema texasense
s__CAG-302 sp944329195
s__Coprosoma sp944358725
s__JAHELU01 sp938002965
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881795
s__Lactobacillus johnsonii_A
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_J
s__GCA-2400975 sp002400975
s__Caccovivens sp934771475
s__AAA044-D11 sp903822245
s__Pelagibacterium sp031202305
s__RGIG9379 sp017632345
s__Puniceibacterium profundi
s__Phormidesmis_A priestleyi_B
s__Veillonella sp900556785
s__Methylobacter_C sp028712795
s__Alistipes sp944321185
s__Saccharofermentans sp902782985
s__Microbacterium foliorum_B
s__G0223898765 sp023898765
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp007116035
s__Helicobacter_D turcicus
s__Ruthia sp021730225
s__Fen-1137 sp003157775
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_N
s__CAG-590 sp023664535
s__Palsa-739 sp025929425
s__SPBW01 sp023132545
s__Pseudoduganella haloabia
s__AG-430-B22 sp003209955
s__Prevotella sp022783515
s__UBA4372 sp016286165
s__Enterenecus sp944385445
s__Cryptobacteroides sp029098505
s__JAHJOV01 sp018820085
s__Actinoplanes ferrugineus_A
s__Streptomyces justiciae
s__UBA1364 sp903842795
s__Mariniblastus sp937928215
s__GCA-2721365 sp002721365
s__JAGLON01 sp023138975
s__Acetatifactor sp946557105
s__CALZGC01 sp945786985
s__CAKMMH01 sp927798255
s__Enterousia sp947176385
s__Domibacillus tundrae
s__JAAXXJ01 sp013334545
s__Alloprevotella sp946060685
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp014799365
s__Hel1-33-131 sp905181825
s__MGBC162267 sp910585915
s__Neisseria perflava_B
s__Pontixanthobacter sp017812015
s__Streptomyces ambofaciens
s__Streptococcus sp013277415
s__1-14-2-50-31-20 sp947311785
s__JAICQQ01 sp025937785
s__NK4A144 sp024682575
s__SURF-40 sp003599745
s__Kluyvera sichuanensis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404935
s__Streptomyces sp002551245
s__Collinsella sp900541805
s__Lepagella sp029051525
s__ELB16-189 sp013414665
s__Prevotella sp945830055
s__GCA-2707915 sp902630715
s__Gluconobacter cerevisiae
s__RFYP01 sp009921175
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021805275
s__Bin127 sp009838175
s__Patiriisocius marinus
s__CALUTH01 sp944326905
s__Allosphingosinicella sp028293055
s__Nitratiruptor sp015494715
s__UBA3855 sp002449585
s__Oceaniferula sp018676385
s__Shewanella aestuarii
s__Enterococcus_B wittei
s__Polynucleobacter sp009923575
s__Enterosoma sp002404995
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_C
s__Alloprevotella sp947167835
s__Desulfovibrio sp902477725
s__MMGLQ5-1 sp022484805
s__UBA5348 sp028708005
s__UBA9579 sp001784615
s__Pelagibacter sp902552035
s__Desulfomarina sp019306075
s__Desulfobacula toluolica
s__Neptunomonas qingdaonensis
s__B118-G9 sp003645845
s__Sinomicrobium weinanense
s__66-26 sp026646875
s__UBA7446 sp017856205
s__Gp22-AA3 sp003223135
s__Eubacterium_R sp029052085
s__Vibrio palustris
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AO
s__JANXAZ01 sp025054575
s__CAZU01 sp017452885
s__S014-63 sp027028625
s__Streptococcus infantis_J
s__Arthrobacter sp006715165
s__Asaia bogorensis_B
s__Nocardioides terrigena
s__PRS1 sp003709165
s__Fictibacillus barbaricus
s__CALINB01 sp938045325
s__JADMIL01 sp015478645
s__Vescimonas sp934574095
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp025060075
s__RBG-13-36-15 sp011050465
s__Luminiphilus sp938085095
s__SKWO01 sp007128895
s__JASGMB01 sp030156665
s__DRQE01 sp015492245
s__Mesobacillus jeotgali
s__Pukyongia sp905479745
s__Faecousia sp022786965
s__Kryptonium mobile
s__Bradymonas sediminis
s__Runella sp009905605
s__RXOA01 sp003979035
s__Brenneria roseae
s__JACRDC01 sp020216625
s__Hydrogenophaga sp019264445
s__Comamonas sp000410635
s__PHOS-HE28 sp019912395
s__PGXB01 sp003641425
s__UBA7067 sp024433635
s__Sedimentibacter sp002316225
s__Marivivens aquimaris
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp004283035
s__Marinobacterium_E sp949499045
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A wuyuanensis
s__Streptomyces atriruber
s__UBA4722 sp013287025
s__JAKIZO01 sp022707965
s__JACKPB01 sp024233875
s__Winslowiella toletana
s__Sebaldella termitidis
s__JACNIV01 sp023133395
s__UBA868 sp002346525
s__CAILIB01 sp903834195
s__Sediminibacterium sp000515315
s__JAEULC01 sp023150455
s__SURF-21 sp003598015
s__SIG220 sp017617775
s__Ga0077530 sp001464655
s__Nocardia takedensis
s__UBA5893 sp945937975
s__Abyssibacter profundi
s__Clostridium sp026168755
s__Nocardioides pantholopis
s__SKYL01 sp007121755
s__Luteimonas_D terrae
s__JAAYNR01 sp012520735
s__Intestinibacter bartlettii_A
s__UBA10364 sp013911625
s__CAIYOL01 sp028714855
s__WRGU01 sp009787015
s__F0422 sp003992315
s__Parabacteroides distasonis_B
s__HGM12619 sp015067305
s__Granulicella sp021778845
s__RUG11783 sp017513135
s__Rifleibacterium sp002839445
s__Fournierella excrementigallinarum
s__Desulfomarina profundi
s__Streptomyces sp001011035
s__Nocardia veterana
s__Streptococcus sp013277455
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023416275
s__Lepagella sp029057985
s__Nitrospira_D sp002435325
s__Lepagella sp947174305
s__WFXV01 sp026984675
s__RUG12438 sp934153675
s__Gemella sp018866345
s__UBA1020 sp000503915
s__Treponema_D sp017622055
s__Albitalea sp005882155
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021792555
s__UBA5905 sp002431285
s__Prevotella sp022764085
s__Chlamydophila ibidis
s__Amphritea pacifica
s__RFTU01 sp009918225
s__Gp1-AA145 sp003224755
s__JAQBXN01 sp030740295
s__Aquimarina sp947500845
s__JAJYTI01 sp021793135
s__Competibacter sp029624815
s__Mycobacterium sediminis
s__Eubacterium_I sp934358495
s__Ignatzschineria ureiclastica
s__UBA1723 sp002317115
s__JAJXTA01 sp021784265
s__UBA965 sp002292925
s__Anaerotardibacter sp905214325
s__Sphingobium amiense
s__Prevotella sp905215655
s__Loosdrechtia sp900696655
s__JAQWAC01 sp028707875
s__Acidovorax kalamii
s__RACS-045 sp949290515
s__Quinella sp905233325
s__YE71 sp902781565
s__UBA1740 sp904501765
s__Lysobacter antibioticus_B
s__T1SED10-78 sp018400895
s__DSSB01 sp020853015
s__Polaribacter atrinae
s__JAHDHW01 sp937921595
s__Luteimonas_D excrementigallinarum
s__Rhodococcus sp001040705
s__UMGS1498 sp934153945
s__Eperythrozoon_B haemohominis
s__Collinsella sp900768265
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021809525
s__CF-54 sp005881025
s__Peptoniphilus_B sp902488455
s__UBA952 sp016866255
s__Baaleninema simplex
s__Limivicinus sp902789835
s__Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus
s__Chryseobacterium aquaticum
s__Phycisphaera mikurensis
s__SoEE sp002933335
s__PNAI01 sp003169835
s__Methylomirabilis sp028870115
s__Ruthia endofausta
s__Rothia sp030454085
s__UBA4421 sp002336645
s__Coprocola sp000364165
s__WS-11 sp016178725
s__Centipeda sp000286455
s__Arthrobacter_D cheniae
s__QNZR01 sp026988515
s__Actinoplanes octamycinicus
s__Bact-11 sp905235995
s__S141-128 sp015491205
s__Thermodesulfobacterium sp025062245
s__BA4 sp937925455
s__Bacteroides sp945831575
s__CG2-30-60-27 sp001873115
s__UBA7657 sp900696495
s__PXAS01 sp020831635
s__UMGS1976 sp900769535
s__F23-D06 sp902786595
s__JAUZRK01 sp030950485
s__Corynebacterium lizhenjunii
s__SHLQ01 sp004282895
s__Paenibacillus_S doosanensis
s__PN-J185 sp018971415
s__Onthousia sp944351375
s__Pseudophaeobacter_A sp014884385
s__Campylobacter_D ornithocola
s__Microbacterium oxydans_A
s__Streptomyces sp000373565
s__CALVJJ01 sp944332185
s__PUXY01 sp009659955
s__UBA2428 sp002343545
s__Prevotella oryzae
s__Planosporangium mesophilum
s__PNOJ01 sp016719645
s__QNBC01 sp015486655
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021790375
s__Wolbachia sp013365435
s__Celerinatantimonas diazotrophica
s__BA12 sp014879465
s__WQVC01 sp009788055
s__CAIKAF01 sp027621385
s__MED-G13 sp902604715
s__JANWWQ01 sp025055635
s__CAILAD01 sp903832035
s__Tyrphobacter sp030041225
s__Anaeroplasma sp934216145
s__Nocardioides campestrisoli
s__Accumulibacter sp023806625
s__JAACUH01 sp009993005
s__Halomarinibacterium sp002694465
s__Dormibacter sp003244185
s__Ventricola sp945928315
s__UBA2093 sp903934195
s__Fulvimarina manganoxydans
s__UBA5578 sp944350495
s__Limivicinus sp946061515
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_K
s__Prevotella sp002361655
s__Aristaeella sp017427165
s__Streptomyces roseifaciens
s__Microcoleus bourrellyi
s__Tharpella sp021161425
s__Coprovivens sp934086145
s__Hydrothermus pacificus
s__Collinsella sp938011935
s__Sulfitobacter maritimus
s__Thauera aromatica
s__UBA5951 sp902520885
s__4484-95 sp002085375
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp024235395
s__Muribaculum sp029051885
s__Bradyrhizobium campsiandrae
s__RACS-045 sp947174325
s__SIG673 sp944393415
s__Aquitaenariimonas noxiae
s__Bacillus_AZ maritimus
s__C7867-002 sp001822575
s__Pseudoteredinibacter sp947502065
s__UBA6126 sp002428295
s__Microbacterium sp003095395
s__CAG-465 sp944387375
s__CALEWY01 sp937976305
s__3-1-20CM-3-53-8 sp001920415
s__UWMA-0277 sp018664745
s__UBA6894 sp002451275
s__T1SED10-84 sp003553485
s__HIMB30 sp002731015
s__Secundilactobacillus angelensis
s__Nocardia beijingensis
s__Wujia sp002369325
s__Ruminococcus sp947178575
s__Granulicoccus phenolivorans
s__LD21 sp025350595
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947170465
s__Burkholderia sp003853645
s__Rodentibacter rarus
s__Lutibacter sp021647265
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp030684215
s__UBA2466 sp016875135
s__Clostridium sp012519155
s__Streptomyces scopuliridis
s__TMED88 sp002171515
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902577575
s__Gloeocapsopsis dulcis
s__Flavobacterium sp900129795
s__Profundibacter sp947311455
s__Corynebacterium pacaense
s__Maritalea myrionectae
s__Murdochiella vaginalis
s__CAG-269 sp944386145
s__Desulfobulbus sp017998195
s__JAAEPF01 sp024222295
s__Gordonia mangrovi
s__CADEFQ01 sp019634915
s__BM519 sp002869235
s__PFJX01 sp903883985
s__Tagaea sp017308135
s__Streptomyces sp900091995
s__Sphingomonas sp002292295
s__Bog-257 sp003160215
s__SXTU01 sp009922615
s__Azospirillum sp003115975
s__Streptomyces olivochromogenes
s__Rivihabitans sp002002905
s__HIMB59 sp902543855
s__Saccharibacillus endophyticus
s__UBA4363 sp017446585
s__Faecalibacterium sp934501115
s__HGM04593 sp900770665
s__WS-7 sp005893165
s__Vibrio tasmaniensis
s__Thalassotalea_A sp002162925
s__Prevotella sp902776935
s__Eubacterium_F xylanophilum
s__QNYZ01 sp003973265
s__Agreia pratensis
s__CAIKAF01 sp903837495
s__B30-G6 sp003647375
s__Clostridioides difficile_F
s__Corynebacterium phocae
s__Polaribacter sp000981625
s__JACKPC01 sp024233835
s__Erythrobacter dokdonensis
s__Methylomonas koyamae_B
s__CAKVNM01 sp934777505
s__JACOSH01 sp016178945
s__Coprosoma sp944329465
s__Alkalihalobacterium alkalinitrilicum
s__UBA1756 sp017962845
s__Thiobacillus sp001899775
s__UBA8515 sp003155695
s__Hepatobacter penaei
s__Thiomonas sp021808405
s__JACPRY01 sp016193565
s__UBA2834 sp017540545
s__Villigracilis sp020634895
s__Qipengyuania huizhouensis
s__Bin87 sp009837355
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp005883355
s__Vibrio paucivorans
s__Cytobacillus dafuensis
s__Saccharicenans sp024653405
s__JAGLTZ01 sp023135015
s__GWF2-38-85 sp028705495
s__UBA10988 sp002409445
s__Micromonospora salmantinae
s__RGIG4097 sp017461985
s__NIES-981 sp945901765
s__Glaciecola punicea
s__EC70 sp018675395
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_G
s__Streptococcus gallinaceus
s__Geoalkalibacter halelectricus
s__RUG14106 sp017552595
s__Collinsella sp900766165
s__UBA1179 sp902760965
s__Clostridium_H homopropionicum
s__Sediminibacterium sp903944755
s__UBA9294 sp023132915
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944324875
s__Pelomonas puraquae
s__Eikenella shayeganii
s__Thermorudis peleae
s__Flavobacterium bernardetii
s__67-14 sp019694145
s__Stenotrophomonas koreensis
s__CAG-269 sp944386165
s__Limimorpha sp002396205
s__Thermohalobaculum sp022573605
s__Limimorpha sp018065885
s__Sphingomonas_N sp903871605
s__Bradyrhizobium nitroreducens
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944388955
s__Gilliamella apicola_G
s__Nocardia nova_B
s__Sphingopyxis sp003609815
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017635675
s__JADHLI01 sp030835985
s__GCA-012562765 sp012570745
s__DRBW01 sp021158525
s__Prevotella melaninogenica_A
s__UBA737 sp945875045
s__Kibdelosporangium phytohabitans
s__Commensalibacter intestini
s__Sulfurovum sp011048515
s__SLDB01 sp007125475
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947177525
s__JAHDQI01 sp937868095
s__MB11C04 sp029251885
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944323935
s__Rubrimentiphilum sp003151115
s__JAKAGE01 sp021801885
s__GCA-2861595 sp002861595
s__VXPW01 sp028824295
s__Colwellia sp026196955
s__Choladousia sp022776305
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_Q
s__UBA1179 sp002309915
s__Ruania rhizosphaerae
s__UBA4665 sp002413835
s__DT-111 sp913060855
s__Hel1-33-131 sp018608705
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900767405
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389985
s__RF16 sp017446455
s__Rhodoluna lacicola
s__JAFDZO01 sp018266845
s__Streptomyces sp003287935
s__Photorhabdus australis
s__JAAVFS01 sp947173955
s__SKYB106 sp025061835
s__Micromonospora sp027497355
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021816625
s__Pseudonocardia asaccharolytica
s__Paracoccus sp009696685
s__Halomonas salina_B
s__UBA5070 sp016699655
s__Pelagibacter sp902519695
s__CAIQQQ01 sp903823665
s__Fimenecus sp904501895
s__HGM13862 sp900760825
s__2-02-FULL-62-14 sp001805245
s__JAIRNJ01 sp031265435
s__Prevotella sp022775105
s__Billgrantia stercoripullorum
s__NK3A76 sp902780505
s__Desulfobacula sp030611305
s__CASQEL01 sp949427775
s__MWDF01 sp002070415
s__JABEVD01 sp021802655
s__WGAL01 sp015493615
s__UBA1258 sp017651385
s__Antarcticirhabdus aurantiaca
s__Defluviilinea sp022181005
s__Streptobacillus felis
s__Treponema_D sp947165895
s__Merdicola sp900759015
s__Streptomyces sp026341035
s__UBA1179 sp024398665
s__Collinsella sp902494175
s__Pseudomonas_E huaxiensis
s__Lithacetigena glycinireducens
s__Marinobacterium stanieri
s__Caldicellulosiruptor morganii
s__Ideonella alba
s__Limenecus sp944323685
s__UBA10518 sp022837185
s__UBA974 sp002339135
s__Stella humosa
s__Subteraquimicrobium carltonvillense
s__UBA1067 sp017520845
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902555185
s__CAJIYG01 sp905181585
s__UBA4575 sp905479295
s__Allobacillus salarius
s__Mediterraneibacter colneyensis
s__Nocardia cyriacigeorgica_C
s__JAHZIV01 sp022601255
s__GCA-002840015 sp002782905
s__12-FULL-44-12b sp001823695
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp937905835
s__Brevundimonas sp015234495
s__MPNP01 sp022822495
s__UBA10103 sp943359705
s__Rhodoferax sp018061265
s__Faecousia sp029225225
s__Pelagibacter sp902545555
s__Methylotenera sp029549705
s__Diaphorobacter_A sp002331385
s__UBA2177 sp022840695
s__UBA8316 sp002711215
s__JACIWR01 sp024653325
s__RGVZ01 sp945865565
s__GCA-2717285 sp938092065
s__HGM20899 sp944393045
s__CAIUEN01 sp903898185
s__CADCBS01 sp902799715
s__Amoebophilus sp001897825
s__RYN-84 sp025464095
s__UBA2589 sp002390225
s__Ferruginibacter sp014377975
s__CAG-273 sp022797215
s__EC70 sp902591645
s__JAJVHZ01 sp022072255
s__JAGPDB01 sp018057765
s__JAJEFO01 sp009838075
s__Microbacterium sp010634855
s__JAAZMU01 sp028690275
s__Fusobacterium massiliense
s__Alicyclobacillus_J cellulosilyticus
s__Prevotella sp902798425
s__Rhodoferax_C saidenbachensis
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031278895
s__CAIXWQ01 sp021783935
s__Acetatifactor sp948496895
s__UBA1067 sp002371135
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni_D
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017620335
s__HGM16780 sp944393695
s__Prevotella ruminicola_D
s__Haemophilus_D sp001679485
s__JAJYIE01 sp021790255
s__AG-337-I02 sp002938205
s__Tidjanibacter sp017935385
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323845
s__Acidovorax sp005405905
s__UBA6987 sp902793995
s__JANJTB01 sp019637995
s__CAG-266 sp944390935
s__GWC2-42-11 sp001797495
s__Vulcanococcus sp014217875
s__Streptomyces pilosus
s__UBA956 sp027487435
s__67-14 sp018883025
s__Pleionea sp013373545
s__CAIQQB01 sp903873805
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902798835
s__Porcipelethomonas sp934463345
s__CAITNM01 sp903874955
s__Phocoenobacter uteri
s__JAUWHZ01 sp030605615
s__Amycolatopsis taiwanensis
s__UBA12077 sp028282785
s__Epilinea brevis
s__Micromonospora mooreana
s__Argonema sp949128025
s__Luteolibacter sp913063525
s__CW01 sp018267705
s__CASICS01 sp902525735
s__Enterococcus_B faecalis_A
s__Maribacter cobaltidurans
s__WFTH01 sp015485595
s__CAG-269 sp022794055
s__Ga0077553 sp001464575
s__Methylobacter_C sp903873165
s__Marinobacter confluentis
s__CAJUPY01 sp947175645
s__GCA-2722175 sp002722175
s__Dyella jiangningensis
s__Quisquiliibacterium transsilvanicum
s__Lysobacter_B tolerans
s__Nanopelagicus sp000378865
s__GCA-2737125 sp009700485
s__Prevotella sp944319915
s__Fen-1137 sp003153015
s__CAITYL01 sp903896595
s__Collinsella sp900556205
s__Selenomonas_A sp000702005
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902774145
s__GCA-2716065 sp002716065
s__Mycobacterium seoulense
s__GCA-002733105 sp905181885
s__CAMYIK01 sp029861485
s__Aerococcus urinaehominis
s__Tagaea sp027532905
s__UBA1254 sp002372275
s__UBA890 sp002731215
s__Rubinisphaera sp015487825
s__Roseburia sp947088345
s__Undibacterium squillarum
s__JABDJB01 sp029862165
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp958399925
s__CAIRSA01 sp903881085
s__Aeromonas diversa
s__Vibrio sp018223135
s__JACNJF01 sp024763185
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_Z
s__CAKSDR01 sp934446095
s__CAIUKX01 sp947474675
s__Methylobacterium currus
s__G023898385 sp023898385
s__UMGS775 sp944372565
s__Roseibium alexandrii
s__Prevotella sp946402275
s__JACCUC01 sp030447905
s__Collinsella sp905209765
s__Paraburkholderia sp013409255
s__Ruminococcus sp024403965
s__Lutispora sp028709965
s__JAAYHE01 sp012735505
s__Bog-105 sp019233375
s__GCA-002700125 sp002727435
s__Larsenimonas rhizosphaerae
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017556795
s__CAJXZL01 sp913063165
s__Sphingomonas koreensis_A
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278735
s__Collinsella sp900551365
s__JAGOUY01 sp018061025
s__Limosilactobacillus gorillae
s__FEN-1143 sp903911905
s__UBA3077 sp002746395
s__UBA1672 sp023140905
s__Arcticimaribacter sp905478905
s__Desulfobulbus propionicus
s__Austwickia chelonae
s__Thalassospira profundimaris_D
s__Endomicrobium sp009778965
s__Mycobacterium sp020172665
s__Methylophaga sp014762585
s__JAJTYH01 sp021463465
s__UBA1067 sp017418445
s__Nitrospirillum amazonense_A
s__CAIXZV01 sp021787395
s__CAITMJ01 sp903893545
s__RKRQ01 sp022827275
s__Cyanobium sp903882285
s__Streptomyces candidus
s__CAG-177 sp016280595
s__Amycolatopsis echigonensis
s__Kineococcus radiotolerans
s__Bacillus gobiensis
s__CAIWXH01 sp903916565
s__MED727 sp902596745
s__Angelakisella sp934524965
s__UBA737 sp015066445
s__Leptospira barantonii
s__Chlorobium_A phaeobacteroides_A
s__UBA1847 sp947259145
s__Nonomuraea coxensis
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AA
s__WVXK01 sp011773515
s__JAJZYS01 sp021797925
s__Treponema_D sp905372235
s__Idiomarina aquatica
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902776185
s__UBA4363 sp017646805
s__CAKUOV01 sp934623455
s__LZORAL124-64-63 sp002747875
s__Bacteroides_E sp030152865
s__Yuhushiella arida
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023387735
s__Paralactobacillus selangorensis
s__Methylobacterium oryzihabitans
s__Paenibacillus xylanexedens_B
s__Alicyclobacillus_H macrosporangiidus_B
s__UBA1067 sp902788415
s__RUG14515 sp902763555
s__Xanthomonas cassavae
s__Granulosicoccus sp023301725
s__Collinsella sp900550965
s__Collinsella sp900759565
s__RF16 sp024692565
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AQ
s__Sulfurovum xiamenensis
s__Yoonia sp947489445
s__Periweissella ghanensis
s__Clostridium_B kluyveri_B
s__Actinomyces wuliandei
s__MHEA01 sp001805085
s__Silvibacterium sp030039895
s__JAOULB01 sp029882235
s__DAOVJZ01 sp029882995
s__Acholeplasma hippikon
s__CAJLXD01 sp944393225
s__Novosphingobium percolationis
s__Flavobacterium granuli
s__Halospina utahensis
s__UBA11657 sp913040765
s__Enterousia sp944390125
s__Reyranella massiliensis_A
s__Jannaschia aquimarina
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp021732525
s__CALRHY01 sp943359495
s__Collinsella sp900763515
s__Clostridium sp021781745
s__Aegiribacteria sp016936235
s__LS-NOB sp014382285
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp001897835
s__Methylobacterium frigidaeris
s__Collinsella sp902479105
s__Phil12 sp900319595
s__Marivirga sp030503895
s__Methyloceanibacter sp020637815
s__Herpetosiphon aurantiacus
s__Pauljensenia polynesiensis
s__UBA7694 sp002482705
s__IMCC9063 sp000750175
s__Nocardia flavorosea_A
s__Gp6-AA40 sp003222635
s__Rhizobium chutanense
s__Ochrobactrum_A sp014397025
s__Collinsella sp905216145
s__RAAP-1 sp021778975
s__Pegaeibacterium caenilacustre
s__CAG-269 sp944388035
s__Savagea serpentis
s__UBA1783 sp012520255
s__CSBR16-224 sp007116755
s__Butyrivibrio sp002372465
s__ZC4RG36 sp003242205
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903835145
s__Prevotella sp902784755
s__Collinsella sp902461405
s__JACKBJ01 sp020634625
s__Streptomyces sp007595705
s__XYD1-FULL-40-9 sp001818015
s__Flexifilum sp937995825
s__Kocuria sp014698015
s__HyVt-337 sp011050235
s__Aestuariibaculum marinum
s__Microbacterium sp008271365
s__CAG-449 sp902493275
s__Roseburia sp944375975
s__SYHX01 sp009926245
s__Desulfocapsa sp016765495
s__Nocardioides cavernae
s__28-YEA-48 sp947498445
s__JACKOX01 sp024233975
s__PH2015 sp014654705
s__JAHHTG01 sp944326825
s__RF16 sp017509715
s__Methyloceanibacter sp018067145
s__JAUCGB01 sp030377865
s__Thermodesulfatator_A sp013153725
s__Prevotella sp946183415
s__Zhengella sp020637755
s__BD1 sp947503585
s__Oceanobacillus alkalisoli
s__51-20 sp944391335
s__Pelagibacter sp902611145
s__Wujia sp002476495
s__CAG-873 sp945829225
s__Pelobium aquae
s__Luteolibacter sp007126655
s__Amphirhobacter heronislandensis
s__Neobacillus salipaludis
s__Capillibacterium sp003511465
s__BM515 sp002869635
s__Caldithrix abyssi
s__Rhizobium sp003627795
s__UBA1067 sp900321255
s__JAHKAL01 sp018826545
s__Veillonella sp934183145
s__UMGS1766 sp959602365
s__Panacagrimonas perspica
s__Alloalcanivorax xiamenensis
s__CAKSKB01 sp934464705
s__Scybalousia sp022793565
s__Limivicinus sp902766405
s__UBA2103 sp002376865
s__JASLQF01 sp030744625
s__CAG-632 sp902464345
s__Sphingomonas taxi
s__DUUS01 sp028709545
s__Boudabousia liubingyangii
s__Cellulomonas sp001462455
s__SP4073 sp902524895
s__Fuscibacter sp013328815
s__Laedolimicola sp944375885
s__Streptomyces sp001280125
s__Sediminihabitans luteus
s__Streptococcus shenyangsis
s__Trabulsiella odontotermitis_A
s__Nocardioides sp001425025
s__Capillibacterium thermochitinicola
s__Allorhizobium vitis_F
s__Actinomyces qiguomingii
s__Halodesulfovibrio sp025210605
s__Peribacter sp028718905
s__UBA1723 sp016283095
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003248565
s__JAICWV01 sp025966365
s__Aliarcobacter sp017995775
s__Luminiphilus sp938084055
s__SLDE01 sp007125455
s__VGKH01 sp022703055
s__JAHBWV01 sp019636845
s__Dysosmobacter sp022797935
s__CAIMNN01 sp027364815
s__Microbulbifer variabilis
s__GWA1-54-10 sp021825025
s__Polynucleobacter sp003482545
s__UBA4951 sp944358895
s__Spirosoma utsteinense
s__JACMKV01 sp013695435
s__CANJMF01 sp947475895
s__Prochloron didemni
s__Pararheinheimera sp003543135
s__Ga0077555 sp001464755
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AK
s__UBA5420 sp012838305
s__Chryseobacterium scophthalmum
s__JAOXRX01 sp025800285
s__Paracoccus sp018860625
s__Enterenecus sp947383145
s__Oceanithermus sp026987375
s__SLNJ01 sp007133065
s__Collinsella sp905204415
s__Thiopontia autotrophica
s__UBA3282 sp947245585
s__Desulfobacca_B sp002049795
s__T1SED10-81 sp003551005
s__JALOAD01 sp023228995
s__ELB16-189 sp002345965
s__CAG-269 sp950059165
s__REEB52 sp018968815
s__Chlorobium sp903942355
s__Faecisoma sp944371305
s__Levilactobacillus yiduensis
s__UBA10806 sp003520965
s__CAMYNL01 sp947259705
s__GCA-2715505 sp002715505
s__Tepidiforma bonchosmolovskayae
s__HGM16780 sp944390275
s__Melaminivora alkalimesophila
s__UMGS1696 sp017412675
s__UBA3900 sp029561955
s__JAADEQ01 sp027081355
s__Nocardioides luteus
s__Profundicola chukchiensis
s__CAMBRQ01 sp945870325
s__NAK19 sp025057645
s__Bhargavaea ginsengi
s__GCA-2732755 sp020639255
s__Enterococcus crotali
s__CFX2 sp020161935
s__UMGS1994 sp934149275
s__CAJBLF01 sp903904875
s__Spirillospora luteofluorescens
s__Chlorobium sp013334755
s__GCA-002862325 sp002683195
s__Actinopolymorpha cephalotaxi
s__Thermobrachium celere
s__Scatocola sp902778645
s__GN02-872 sp002761215
s__UBA6168 sp020636005
s__Nocardioides sp006715725
s__Mesorhizobium sp001427025
s__Parolsenella sp900552935
s__XYD2-FULL-41-16 sp023261485
s__QAKR01 sp944382895
s__Sulfurospirillum multivorans
s__Sabulitectum sp003646025
s__Cellulomonas shaoxiangyii
s__Agromyces terreus
s__Streptomyces sp026343335
s__JAEYKI01 sp023408315
s__CAIQNR01 sp903873255
s__Pseudomonas_E oleovorans_B
s__Borkfalkia sp944359365
s__Phyllobacterium zundukense
s__QAKD01 sp022793975
s__Tsukamurella strandjordii
s__Thalassotalea_G loyana
s__Rhizobium lusitanum_D
s__JANWWX01 sp025057195
s__Spyradocola sp948468595
s__Litoribacter ruber
s__Dysgonomonas massiliensis
s__Faecimonas sp944358945
s__Helicobacter pylori_CM
s__JAIOSM01 sp023143455
s__Prevotella sp937863835
s__Pelagibacter sp003216235
s__Desulfovibrio sp900547595
s__Erythrobacter sp023260985
s__Luteimonas_D chenhongjianii
s__Blautia_A sp934394595
s__CAIVND01 sp903845085
s__UBA5195 sp903854805
s__Microbacterium sp900155915
s__Oricola cellulosilytica
s__NORP240 sp024234395
s__Microbacterium sp014171575
s__Microbacterium paludicola_A
s__Planococcus salinarum
s__CAG-791 sp900320335
s__SYLY01 sp005808475
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp017853375
s__Urinicoccus sp001299455
s__Robertmurraya andreesenii
s__Metamycoplasma anseris
s__Tenuifilum thalassicum
s__Aphodousia sp900554675
s__RI-106 sp020634035
s__JAQUWY01 sp028692655
s__Limenecus sp944322935
s__UBA1756 sp016290715
s__Alloprevotella sp945788445
s__JAJXYN01 sp021780535
s__UBA1367 sp002305995
s__Paracoccus aestuarii
s__JAIOSM01 sp023140455
s__Pelagibacter sp014653385
s__Faecousia sp934630495
s__Bacillus_A sp900112415
s__Liberibacter europaeus
s__Brevibacillus reuszeri_A
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_N
s__Weimeria bifida
s__Ga0077548 sp019752575
s__Pacificispira sp002696645
s__Xanthomonas campestris_B
s__CAG-269 sp948441945
s__Pseudomonas_F resinovorans_D
s__PMG-095 sp025937835
s__Collinsella sp900543045
s__XYB1-40-15 sp001783185
s__UBA3478 sp002381155
s__Limenecus sp944322975
s__JAJDTQ01 sp028818775
s__Geomonas paludis
s__Phaeodactylibacter luteus
s__UBA1174 sp017534965
s__CATKEA01 sp947569245
s__WRDF01 sp009783565
s__Actinoplanes rectilineatus
s__UBA9554 sp009922885
s__Anaeromusa sp009929485
s__Collinsella sp900544095
s__Lacticaseibacillus thailandensis
s__Merdiplasma sp900770325
s__UBA4975 sp012727415
s__ZOR0006 sp000798955
s__UBA1179 sp902799685
s__Dyella marensis
s__Duganella sp019752915
s__JAQVDW01 sp028698185
s__Celeribacter sp011806455
s__Cytophaga hutchinsonii
s__Collinsella sp900547765
s__Fictibacillus phosphorivorans_D
s__Thermus caliditerrae
s__CAG-475 sp002476605
s__Hominilimicola sp944390495
s__CAG-302 sp934182615
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp944371785
s__JAEMPZ01 sp021814355
s__UBA4372 sp017526905
s__CALFUQ01 sp937929885
s__Spyradomonas sp944322685
s__JAAFHG01 sp947378615
s__Bifidobacterium sp022649135
s__JJ008 sp001464625
s__Sphingobium sp016000085
s__Polynucleobacter sp018500155
s__AG-414-E02 sp003214615
s__Kitasatospora sp900199205
s__JAHJAM01 sp018814025
s__Thermus parvatiensis
s__Collinsella sp900541135
s__Hyphococcus sp028280115
s__Micromonospora hortensis
s__Sulfurimonas sp021732045
s__Rudanella sp004292855
s__Streptococcus sp900546335
s__JAEYVS01 sp020635255
s__BM522 sp016931615
s__RACS-045 sp947176265
s__UWMA-0117 sp012963895
s__JANEMG01 sp024511045
s__Ponticaulis sp002173095
s__Vicinibacter sp020848995
s__Lactiplantibacillus plantarum_A
s__ZJ450 sp009755725
s__Chlamydiifrater volucris
s__Avilachnospira sp944377405
s__Paenibacillus_A aceti
s__Proteiniphilum sp012839475
s__Vibrio nitrifigilis
s__Breznakibacter xylanolyticus
s__Excrementavichristensenella intestinipullorum
s__Arcicella sp014376355
s__SZUA-37 sp027076325
s__JAHIOM01 sp018895235
s__JAILEN01 sp024694625
s__GCA-2720195 sp902632305
s__Collinsella sp902470815
s__Paenisporosarcina sp000411295
s__GCA-002720895 sp002717245
s__Pelagibacter sp011526385
s__JAKAZS01 sp027371815
s__Choladousia sp021200475
s__Saccharofermentans sp947165785
s__UBA647 sp002299555
s__CAKZUP01 sp937922945
s__Paraglaciecola sp030730205
s__Collinsella sp900540895
s__Collinsella sp900541715
s__UBA4479 sp017640505
s__CAAHEQ01 sp934203105
s__Bulleidia sp902766005
s__Aequorivita sp002375695
s__Kaistia dalseonensis
s__Tatlockia brunensis
s__QYQG01 sp005793645
s__Mesonia sp012964435
s__UBA10281 sp902797515
s__Stappia taiwanensis
s__Floricoccus penangensis
s__Dysosmobacter sp951800675
s__RUG410 sp934270475
s__UBA3738 sp002372505
s__Flagellimonas maritima
s__Flavobacterium coralii
s__Methylotenera sp005777825
s__Fusobacterium_A necrogenes
s__Methylopumilus_A sp903870165
s__Treponema_D sp018385395
s__UBA4416 sp016711805
s__JADFPB01 sp022562515
s__Sporosarcina luteola_C
s__Saccharofermentans sp002371375
s__Lactococcus sp021781855
s__UBA11996 sp002722155
s__Pelagimonas sp947498515
s__Nocardioides carbamazepini
s__Myxococcus fallax
s__Sneathiella sp002414755
s__Pelagibacter sp902555435
s__UBA7185 sp017547685
s__Onthousia sp934148995
s__Viridibacillus arvi
s__CAG-245 sp934130025
s__Gemella sp900766305
s__JAEWAH01 sp023459275
s__2-01-FULL-40-13 sp001789635
s__Tenacibaculum haliotis
s__SCMT01 sp005502915
s__Isoptericola variabilis_A
s__Photorhabdus asymbiotica
s__HGM11808 sp944380405
s__2-02-FULL-52-16 sp001787535
s__Chlorobium sp903908555
s__CAG-196 sp947364235
s__Pontiella sp021734345
s__Piscinibacter defluvii
s__UBA7937 sp003453555
s__Nitrosospira multiformis_B
s__Peribacillus cavernae
s__Streptomyces sp002224125
s__UBA7173 sp934555895
s__JAFAZE01 sp019239975
s__Silanimonas sp018334015
s__Merdivicinus sp934869045
s__Zag111 sp944324395
s__Pluralincolimonas sp903889135
s__Collinsella sp900758885
s__Acetatifactor sp949948715
s__Campylobacter sp017646085
s__UBA1259 sp900769565
s__AP-15 sp021812165
s__Pseudovibrio axinellae
s__JAIWNK01 sp020216845
s__Streptomyces hyaluromycini
s__UBA7584 sp944383275
s__Methylotenera sp013141075
s__YE71 sp900119155
s__T3SED10-47 sp003562845
s__RUG023 sp028722305
s__CG2-30-40-21 sp018814245
s__CATLOR01 sp950054255
s__CAG-313 sp023665755
s__Collinsella sp905211615
s__Erythrobacter sp013822025
s__Apilactobacillus bombintestini
s__Syntrophorhabdus sp002067165
s__UBA12420 sp001795385
s__JACKII01 sp938084065
s__UBA10103 sp001781175
s__Sphingomonas sp001421805
s__Hydrococcus sp000317025
s__JAKALX01 sp021823905
s__JABCZS01 sp013289085
s__Neorhizobium straminoryzae
s__CALZKB01 sp029862975
s__Caenibius tardaugens
s__JACKQE01 sp024233005
s__JANYFH01 sp025362705
s__Emergencia sp900551775
s__Desulfomicrobium sp012729655
s__UMGS1781 sp944392385
s__Limnocylindrus sp009919005
s__Sulfurovum sp004377245
s__SURF-3 sp014237465
s__Faecalibacterium sp934503275
s__Collinsella sp900545165
s__Veillonella sp900765235
s__Bartonella_A sp945277285
s__HGM04593 sp900769765
s__Nocardioides sp009780515
s__WRDF01 sp944415565
s__Blautia_A wexlerae_C
s__Aristaeella lactis
s__UBA5018 sp002396505
s__Brevundimonas sp018820205
s__Micromonospora echinaurantiaca
s__Thomasclavelia sp944324745
s__Microbacterium dextranolyticum
s__Cellulomonas sp001429255
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021838065
s__Xaviernesmea oryzae
s__Gilliamella sp946480175
s__UBA1930 sp019695015
s__Kushneria phosphatilytica
s__Roseivivax halotolerans
s__CALXSR01 sp944391215
s__JAFUYI01 sp902761715
s__CAIYGI01 sp903925685
s__Microsaccharimonas sp003545655
s__RUG572 sp902779865
s__CALRBH01 sp943354165
s__Novosphingobium aromaticivorans
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_G
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944327085
s__Coproplasma sp947175325
s__UBA955 sp002347985
s__Croceicoccus mobilis
s__Levilactobacillus suantsaii
s__Sphingomonas_B horti
s__Sodaliphilus sp946410125
s__JAKAQB01 sp021846485
s__RI-211 sp905339235
s__GCA-2748055 sp023137255
s__Campylobacter_D sp944323605
s__UBA9214 sp947258945
s__Polaribacter sp023555495
s__JANWYT01 sp938022205
s__Skermanella aerolata
s__Ruminococcus sp947173865
s__Treponema_D sp002350445
s__2-01-FULL-44-21 sp001777655
s__Thermoclostridium sp001513105
s__UMGS1490 sp900548185
s__Paratractidigestivibacter sp002440065
s__UMGS1477 sp944322675
s__Neisseria sp001809325
s__Succinimonas amylolytica
s__B30-G16 sp003645115
s__Polaribacter sp007997085
s__GCA-003244245 sp019243635
s__JAEEOQ01 sp016284355
s__DYFM01 sp020725175
s__HGM11808 sp900757025
s__Aliiroseovarius sp023015885
s__Leucobacter sp014529985
s__Halopseudomonas oceani
s__Lentihominibacter sp946555345
s__Pelagibacter_A sp003282835
s__Methylomonas sp018335995
s__JADJYF01 sp945873015
s__UBA2210 sp002327865
s__UBA8515 sp943356675
s__UBA2334 sp903928495
s__Akkermansia sp015062005
s__ChocPot-Mid sp003731675
s__Cytobacillus sp002272225
s__Rhodococcus sp004795915
s__Pelagibacter sp003215055
s__Asanoa ishikariensis
s__UBA11606 sp029247365
s__E44-bin88 sp022865485
s__Thiopseudomonas sp023228985
s__CAG-873 sp902475285
s__JAQGMF01 sp028292505
s__Dialister sp002297935
s__JAEWAH01 sp023415145
s__M50B103 sp028699915
s__Streptococcus australis_D
s__Basilea psittacipulmonis
s__SFMI01 sp017532155
s__CF-163 sp005882985
s__JAGLYP01 sp023142915
s__Thioglobus_B perditus
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016651105
s__UBA1930 sp002337145
s__Limimorpha sp900321315
s__Gemella sp900555985
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp015485155
s__Collinsella sp900545605
s__JAGNKE01 sp020638365
s__S141-3 sp015490875
s__UBA6808 sp002383665
s__Saccharibacillus kuerlensis
s__Fen-1326 sp003157295
s__UBA8481 sp002780065
s__SXIK01 sp005772855
s__Prevotella sp017550455
s__SBBV01 sp016792765
s__Flavicella sp029238425
s__Nitratiruptor sp015494535
s__Carbobacillus altaicus
s__RUG11257 sp902767355
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902519635
s__UBA6136 sp005792805
s__Mobilitalea sp023414875
s__Brevibacterium sp030230605
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp949300515
s__Parazoarcus communis_B
s__SpSt-205 sp937995505
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp900771195
s__UBA3291 sp002361595
s__Flavimobilis marinus
s__UBA12471 sp001768735
s__Rhodoferax_C sp016719405
s__Nitrosomonas sp020852615
s__IGN2 sp026193755
s__Streptomyces radiopugnans
s__Limnoraphis robusta_A
s__Oceanitalea nanhaiensis
s__JAHILY01 sp018896815
s__Borkfalkia sp944368775
s__Aeromonas lacus
s__JADMJV01 sp019637395
s__UMGS687 sp934747765
s__Collinsella sp900549455
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324095
s__Nodosilinea tenuis
s__Coprovivens sp002362595
s__Sediminibacterium sp003509845
s__Planococcus antarcticus
s__Palauibacter sp022820995
s__Microcoleus sp003003725
s__Onthovicinus sp900555545
s__Brevundimonas sp003248455
s__JAHDFB01 sp943788055
s__Rhodoferax sp903929815
s__Collinsella sp934643145
s__CALXOJ01 sp944388995
s__2-01-FULL-42-20 sp001785965
s__Limnohabitans sp947371915
s__UBA9320 sp022425465
s__Enterousia sp902774305
s__CADDZP01 sp019243595
s__UBA11358 sp003139955
s__Novosphingobium sp018241045
s__GWF2-38-85 sp001797275
s__Acinetobacter baretiae
s__Vibrio mangrovi
s__Pseudovibrio sp001310715
s__Mucilaginibacter daejeonensis
s__UBA2779 sp900608495
s__Croceibacterium sp001897135
s__RCIO01 sp017640615
s__Bradyrhizobium sp900176205
s__CAIXPS01 sp903921365
s__Coproplasma sp029066845
s__NCEH01 sp002304505
s__Caulobacter sp001425745
s__RUG12817 sp017441925
s__T3SED10-47 sp003566155
s__Rothia nasimurium_B
s__Planktophila sp002284875
s__Limadaptatus sp944332815
s__Limnohabitans sp903933115
s__Acidovorax sp000238595
s__Flavobacterium lutivivi
s__Tropicibacter alexandrii
s__IMCC26207 sp945888825
s__UBA1740 sp017533565
s__Sediminibacterium sp017537025
s__Microbulbifer zhoushanensis
s__UBA6244 sp002771745
s__Parasulfuritortus sp028714735
s__COE1 sp029067805
s__UBA4581 sp002386905
s__Prochlorococcus sp003279445
s__Pyramidobacter sp902489135
s__JdFR-80 sp003648765
s__JAJZYI01 sp021798135
s__VBCG01 sp016716425
s__M50B103 sp018400915
s__Psychrobacter urativorans_B
s__RUG240 sp900316875
s__Amphibacillus xylanus
s__RUG099 sp902778585
s__Alteraurantiacibacter gangjinensis
s__Afipia sp017308595
s__CACEUX01 sp002167345
s__Onishia taeanensis_B
s__Desulfolutivibrio sulfoxidireducens
s__Rhodococcus sp012726195
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017445755
s__FS08-3 sp027100635
s__Micromonospora sp029581275
s__Accumulibacter sp003538495
s__Donghicola mangrovi
s__Xanthomonas campestris_C
s__Chordicoccus sp902803245
s__Faecousia sp934589225
s__HGM12619 sp904502105
s__67-14 sp020438345
s__Croceicoccus sp020985305
s__Collinsella sp937925715
s__Evansella alkalicola
s__RAAP-1 sp903909505
s__Litorilituus sediminis
s__Membranihabitans marinus_A
s__WFSI01 sp015486015
s__Rathayibacter sp009834225
s__Brevibacterium sp006489205
s__Anaerotardibacter sp902464295
s__Peribacillus simplex_B
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp020636505
s__JABWAZ01 sp013360775
s__Cruoricaptor ignavus
s__Phocaeicola_A sp944321015
s__JAAZPT01 sp023396045
s__Bulleidia sp947087645
s__Bacillus_A sp002571225
s__Nostoc calcicola
s__Planktophila sp903904665
s__Bact-11 sp002309795
s__JAPDNP01 sp030385785
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326355
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902593905
s__Muriicola sp945786965
s__NK4A136 sp017437785
s__Desulfoluna spongiiphila
s__UBA9959 sp021811185
s__UBA11957 sp016301965
s__Porcipelethomonas sp023664445
s__SLFX01 sp007124045
s__Paenibacillus_J dauci
s__Bremerella marina_B
s__Lancefieldella sp938036925
s__Bacillus_A clarus
s__Microvirga tunisiensis
s__UBA9926 sp002697205
s__SCSIO-75732 sp030406755
s__Collinsella sp900547345
s__Neokomagataea tanensis
s__DUEZ01 sp030605795
s__Flavobacterium agri
s__Bacteriovorax sp947446575
s__Apilactobacillus kunkeei_C
s__CAIVQB01 sp947454005
s__Pedobacter hiemivivus
s__BACL21 sp009921505
s__T78 sp012797215
s__Thiobacillus sp030692355
s__Nitratiruptor sp009659925
s__Mesosutterella sp022134585
s__GCA-2862585 sp016779935
s__Prevotella sp900322175
s__Paucibacter_A sp025717675
s__UBA3796 sp902773295
s__Streptococcus macacae
s__Pseudidiomarina donghaiensis
s__Secundilactobacillus similis
s__DTDR01 sp025060715
s__Pseudovibrio brasiliensis
s__Baekduia sp025964055
s__MGBC108787 sp947600335
s__Faecousia sp016292255
s__SMWC01 sp004357505
s__Accumulibacter affinis
s__Bulleidia sp016291725
s__Pseudothioglobus singularis_A
s__Butyricicoccus sp944381005
s__Roseovarius aestuarii
s__Corynebacterium bouchesdurhonense
s__Pelagibacter sp003212275
s__S009-33 sp027013285
s__Methylohalobius crimeensis
s__2-02-FULL-62-17 sp903859155
s__Cellulomonas telluris
s__Anaeroplasma sp017524905
s__UBA9973 sp943350445
s__UBA5066 sp016719485
s__PUKZ01 sp003550725
s__JACPZM01 sp016195485
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903912435
s__Rubripirellula sp002690925
s__MB11C04 sp002171765
s__JAFDHO01 sp019308745
s__Treponema_D sp902766345
s__JAJEFO01 sp022819605
s__Blastococcus sp016612865
s__Methylobacterium sp001542815
s__SZUA-185 sp022561355
s__CAIOAK01 sp903855945
s__UBA2212 sp021847325
s__Curtobacterium sp015350975
s__Clostridium_J punense
s__Saccharopolyspora pogona
s__Duncaniella sp029056055
s__Orenia marismortui
s__Aestuariirhabdus haliotis
s__Aquirufa sp903933935
s__SIG644 sp015064805
s__GCA-2728255 sp002728255
s__UBA12088 sp000998045
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900767375
s__CAG-196 sp944323615
s__WGA-3G sp009845545
s__Vibrio fortis
s__UBA9973 sp001785865
s__QYQD01 sp031082315
s__Marinobacter panjinensis
s__CAIZDL01 sp903856295
s__Ruminococcus_C sp934463425
s__Sulfuritalea sp006218025
s__RGIG4074 sp944376455
s__Erythrobacter sp947499705
s__Halanaerobium saccharolyticum_B
s__GCA-002050365 sp020200095
s__DTU068 sp012840405
s__CAG-882 sp945836135
s__J014 sp025054715
s__Snodgrassella gandavensis
s__Cryobacterium algoricola
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp000253295
s__Hominilimicola sp001941225
s__Halobacillus litoralis_A
s__MSJ-34 sp018918005
s__Aceticella autotrophica
s__Zhongshania antarctica
s__UMGS1002 sp012727435
s__SLMS01 sp007133495
s__Terrihabitans sp001464335
s__40-19 sp001898075
s__Erysipelothrix sp940143175
s__Flavobacterium sp947450355
s__JACKFB01 sp020632695
s__UBA1740 sp934434925
s__Scatocola sp944393175
s__JAAFJH01 sp947489925
s__UBA10103 sp003545515
s__RGIG5057 sp028684095
s__JAADFJ01 sp913009315
s__SCN-70-22 sp027346425
s__Pelagibacter_A sp003283025
s__Luteimonas_D sp023395465
s__Marortus luteolus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016281315
s__Edaphobacter sp025462645
s__Exilispira sp012797605
s__Thiobacillus sp001897685
s__Nitratiruptor sp016629565
s__Igneacidithiobacillus taiwanensis
s__JAGLOZ01 sp023132875
s__GCA-002718515 sp014381555
s__JAGWBD01 sp021296065
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A citelli
s__Pectinatus haikarae
s__UBA1254 sp002308495
s__Actinacidiphila oryziradicis
s__Alcaligenes parafaecalis
s__Streptomyces sp019090165
s__Eubacterium_R sp944385025
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947489315
s__Prosthecobacter sp021733925
s__Reyranella sp945957355
s__Treponema_D paredis
s__Kocuria soli
s__Butyrivibrio sp000702265
s__SIG263 sp015058185
s__Niveispirillum cyanobacteriorum
s__Vibrio ruber
s__JAOUNS01 sp029880855
s__CALREA01 sp943355055
s__Demequina sp020447105
s__UBA737 sp900554525
s__JJ008 sp016706055
s__Gleimia europaea_B
s__Stigmatella aurantiaca
s__UBA3012 sp903902965
s__CTSOIL-112 sp021287185
s__AG-430-B22 sp002726005
s__Desulfobacula sp023144585
s__CAG-873 sp947573135
s__MWDT01 sp021780625
s__Dinoroseobacter sp030425945
s__CAIQQQ01 sp903924855
s__UBA6100 sp021850085
s__Micromonospora sp000158815
s__Maribacter_C sp937936275
s__RUG806 sp015065425
s__Paceibacter sp001872265
s__Corticimicrobacter populi
s__CAIXZV01 sp021802825
s__UBA4096 sp947461175
s__GLR113 sp013139935
s__JAHILT01 sp021799965
s__Mycobacterium arosiense_A
s__Luminiphilus sp913045375
s__SKNW01 sp007120305
s__JAEZGP01 sp020027875
s__Polaribacter sp002471825
s__CAG-873 sp947175205
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp003561495
s__RGEC01 sp947459165
s__Enterenecus sp949841465
s__Demequina sp023432235
s__Cloacimonas sp023227825
s__CAG-115 sp947175385
s__Microcella frigidaquae
s__Regnicoccus sp024345415
s__JACZTW01 sp022573485
s__Pseudomonas panipatensis
s__UBA11540 sp003445125
s__JdFR-80 sp011042725
s__Stenotrophomonas sp913775725
s__Blautia sp944380235
s__Nanosynbacter sp013100825
s__Williamsoniiplasma somnilux
s__Pontibacter actiniarum
s__Nevskia sp023229645
s__Acetobacter malorum_A
s__Versatilivorator sp009841055
s__Ga0077546 sp018062085
s__Roseibium hamelinense
s__Liquorilactobacillus sp030400225
s__Luteimonas_D cellulosilyticus
s__Veillonella parvula_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902617415
s__2-12-FULL-67-15 sp009693905
s__Hydrogenophaga sp021166755
s__Neobacillus vireti
s__CAIVPW01 sp903907895
s__Neobacillus drentensis
s__Sphingopyxis microcysteis
s__Acidoferrum sp018268785
s__Peribacillus huizhouensis
s__BP-133 sp025923175
s__CF-118 sp005879985
s__Chryseobacterium sp004119455
s__JAGLPU01 sp023137175
s__Pelagibacter sp902591755
s__JAJVIJ01 sp022072095
s__Dysosmobacter sp900115635
s__Paenibacillus ihbetae
s__Pedobacter kyonggii
s__UBA5364 sp028684735
s__UBA1668 sp002717655
s__JAJZEL01 sp021828575
s__CAILNN01 sp903896505
s__Faecalicoccus sp944327125
s__UBA1067 sp904502135
s__Acetobacterium bakii
s__UBA6601 sp002433485
s__Algoriphagus sp027594545
s__Alteromonas macleodii_A
s__RGIG4076 sp934667575
s__Microbacterium natoriense
s__UBA2918 sp900313715
s__UBA11654 sp002718375
s__Enterococcus termitis
s__JADJEF01 sp016702335
s__UBA1711 sp937884485
s__QNFC01 sp003645395
s__Aminivibrio pyruvatiphilus
s__Enterousia sp944392815
s__RKRQ01 sp026709745
s__Streptomyces flavidovirens
s__Leptospira_A jelokensis
s__Onthomorpha sp944320415
s__Vicingus sp020635825
s__CAIVSY01 sp903908715
s__CACCCN01 sp028412835
s__Plantactinospora sp003030345
s__Caldilinea sp002391565
s__Pauljensenia sp916719935
s__Pelagibacter sp003210015
s__Pararhodobacter sp020637595
s__Vibrio sp030248535
s__Polaribacter_A sp029238315
s__RGIG982 sp017390595
s__Actinoallomurus sp024055715
s__JAUXWC01 sp016718405
s__JAAUSQ01 sp012033195
s__Sandarakinorhabdus cyanobacteriorum
s__MS024-2A sp023263685
s__AA32 sp003223555
s__Prevotella sp902779455
s__CAG-177 sp017517665
s__WRBG01 sp009784635
s__Photobacterium halotolerans_A
s__Gallionella sp003153155
s__Scatomorpha sp944385765
s__Treponema_D sp016287815
s__RUG14156 sp944326675
s__RFZI01 sp023254495
s__Gimesia chilikensis
s__Barnesiella_A sp944321085
s__Fuerstiella sp024230215
s__Arachnia propionica_C
s__Mycobacterium gastri
s__Streptomyces sp028736035
s__Lacticaseibacillus sp022651245
s__AG-337-I02 sp902602515
s__Nocardia wallacei_B
s__Aquiluna sp913775595
s__Flagellimonas sp018449435
s__Silvimonas sp030035605
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp022800215
s__Bifidobacterium aquikefiri
s__Pseudotabrizicola sediminis
s__Synechococcus_C sp002687115
s__Qingrenia sp022009895
s__Burkholderia sp902832955
s__Corynebacterium sp943913165
s__Pedobacter sp920984665
s__Vicinibacter sp016712145
s__Comamonas tsuruhatensis_A
s__RQZE01 sp030528645
s__Pseudomaricurvus alcaniphilus
s__CALUNA01 sp944321895
s__Spyradenecus sp944391085
s__WTJO01 sp011524805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029836165
s__Fen-1039 sp003141455
s__Enterenecus sp910584285
s__JABEUT01 sp013288205
s__Pedobacter zeae
s__Polynucleobacter sp947373615
s__CAJAXB01 sp943354005
s__RUG13038 sp017515795
s__UBA8316 sp002336305
s__Oribacterium sp015258095
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp020161505
s__Borkfalkia sp944376445
s__CAMZNU01 sp947313885
s__RCC1774 sp937951315
s__JALEKO01 sp022769085
s__Alkalibacterium sp002500855
s__Tatlockia sp900640175
s__Flavobacterium geliluteum
s__Johnsonella ignava
s__CAJJDF01 sp023255335
s__JADJWH01 sp020845975
s__Planococcus sp947493585
s__Faecousia sp017425545
s__RUG11942 sp017964755
s__HGM11412 sp934248055
s__SIG230 sp015058845
s__Microbacterium ihumii
s__Ureaplasma diversum
s__JAHJRV01 sp018830725
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007695345
s__Lenti-01 sp012514035
s__C7867-001 sp011052355
s__Cognatazoarcus sp024235635
s__Azoarcus_F sp030604735
s__Tyrphobacter sp021807065
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323345
s__UMGS1279 sp902797875
s__Leptospira_A sp016742255
s__Bin125 sp002239025
s__Gallionella sp903858965
s__Gemella sp013415425
s__Actinoallomurus iriomotensis
s__TMED14 sp003451355
s__UBA11051 sp029821145
s__Bog-1340 sp903850545
s__CALUZH01 sp944325255
s__UBA8202 sp003521565
s__Mucilaginibacter myungsuensis
s__JAJQCI01 sp021201395
s__HTCC2207 sp905478725
s__DTU010 sp012521335
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp949878745
s__JALSTN01 sp027080725
s__Sphingomicrobium sp013817375
s__UBA8898 sp002402755
s__Vitreimonas sp016703335
s__GCA-016699895 sp016699895
s__JAEYRA01 sp023410875
s__JAAYZB01 sp016935515
s__UBA1067 sp002449695
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005889275
s__Tamlana_A sp030548465
s__Merdousia sp944389215
s__JAGLSM01 sp023135745
s__Lactobacillus sp029392855
s__Ezakiella sp947293975
s__CAIVJW01 sp903906315
s__JAJZUD01 sp947476405
s__JACWAO01 sp027448785
s__TMED48 sp003509025
s__Vagococcus bubulae
s__Desulfobacula sp003647385
s__Rhodomicrobium lacus
s__Ectothiorhodospira sp001632845
s__Malonomonas sp945787335
s__Palsa-465 sp019239375
s__Malacoplasma_A sp947176435
s__Pararhizobium antarcticum
s__UBA1752 sp017447445
s__UBA2383 sp024235035
s__Actinoplanes brasiliensis
s__Curtobacterium sp913774725
s__Sinorhizobium sp020193655
s__Streptomyces endophytica
s__Bulleidia sp024693325
s__CAIPTA01 sp903867855
s__Bipolaricaulis sp020062805
s__JAGLQA01 sp023135565
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_S
s__Ignavibacterium sp025056745
s__Flavobacterium sp001874325
s__Paenibacillus albilobatus
s__JADHUC01 sp016784735
s__UBA4720 sp003223425
s__Mycobacterium scrofulaceum_C
s__CANJWD01 sp947478475
s__Pelotalea sp012556225
s__HTCC2207 sp004211905
s__UBA1859 sp002691095
s__Alangreenwoodia gallinarii
s__Agitococcus sp006546595
s__Amphritriteisimkania sp021734805
s__PNKF01 sp016871915
s__GWA2-32-17 sp903837285
s__Prevotella illustrans
s__Mycosynbacter sp001003725
s__Anaerococcus sp022770135
s__Streptococcus sp000411475
s__HA3dbin3 sp015231175
s__Ruminococcus sp947176685
s__DUBZ01 sp022563535
s__Actinokineospora fastidiosa
s__Collinsella sp900544895
s__Schlegelella_A sp003152055
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_A
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp001464285
s__Wolbachia sp028803175
s__JACZTE01 sp022570885
s__Flavipsychrobacter stenotrophus_C
s__Fulvimarina pelagi
s__TMP-24 sp018240425
s__JACZSY01 sp022573975
s__Mycobacterium frederiksbergense
s__4484-190-2 sp030589225
s__JABMMZ01 sp945888525
s__Gp1-AA142 sp003224855
s__Actinoplanes italicus
s__UBA2212 sp903919545
s__Bowmanella yangjiangensis
s__Pseudoroseomonas vastitatis
s__Scatosoma sp904501815
s__Streptomyces lomondensis
s__Mesorhizobium sp000824805
s__COE1 sp947175175
s__Dormibacter sp016464825
s__Collimonas humicola
s__CF-72 sp019239775
s__HA3dbin3 sp002753495
s__Planktophila lacus_C
s__Brotaphodocola sp021202925
s__Sphingomicrobium aestuariivivum
s__UBA1181 sp017962085
s__Pelagibacter sp902611265
s__Bulleidia sp012516665
s__UBA5619 sp030654195
s__Marinomonas spartinae
s__Oliverpabstia sp022764165
s__Lactobacillus sp014522325
s__Avimonas sp003519645
s__Moheibacter sp002359055
s__Petrotoga mexicana
s__JAFBIY01 sp021531975
s__UBA10103 sp001781105
s__Hippea sp015486955
s__Faecimonas sp944358705
s__AK92 sp003399765
s__Oxalobacter vibrioformis
s__Flavobacterium injenense
s__CAG-873 sp947175495
s__Luteimonas_D composti
s__Noviherbaspirillum massiliense
s__Chlorobium masyuteum
s__Collinsella sp900541185
s__Fructobacillus papyriferae
s__UBA1189 sp017520935
s__CF-39 sp005889405
s__CAIZWN01 sp903857665
s__Fluviicola sp902168135
s__SICM01 sp009694805
s__JACDDX01 sp013812695
s__AC2028 sp002373975
s__UBA4372 sp021204865
s__Methylocystis sp023253795
s__DYNR01 sp020720945
s__UBA3824 sp017535325
s__Leucobacter sp000633415
s__SURF-25 sp003598135
s__Parabacteroides sp017481945
s__Enteromonas sp949293175
s__WGAL01 sp020726285
s__Aquirufa sp002479785
s__DYNO01 sp020721025
s__Mogibacterium diversum_A
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944392735
s__Rhodoglobus sp004118935
s__Planktomarina sp022425445
s__Planococcus sp030413615
s__CAIWMF01 sp008932965
s__Methylobacterium persicinum
s__UBA6233 sp028713155
s__Ferruginibacter sp016721725
s__Neorhizobium endolithicum
s__Vreelandella boliviensis
s__JACKGO01 sp020631975
s__TMED23 sp016777585
s__Lawsonibacter sp944383195
s__Luteolibacter sp945870855
s__MD308 sp946558695
s__Kitasatospora phosalacinea_A
s__Fimbriimonas sp029866005
s__SCUT-3 sp014083985
s__13-2-20CM-68-14 sp005884005
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947427985
s__Nocardia tenerifensis
s__TMED123 sp002170165
s__JAGOTT01 sp021821305
s__Sinorhizobium mexicanum
s__Aquabacterium sp002339015
s__MED-G14 sp902554655
s__Fimihabitans sp937944975
s__Perlabentimonas sp028708425
s__ATZT02 sp016463095
s__Enemella dayhoffiae
s__Polaromonas sp023259235
s__DRYI01 sp025062195
s__RUG306 sp900317755
s__Pantoea rodasii
s__GCA-2753565 sp002753565
s__RGIG3159 sp938049125
s__Nitrospira_D sp005116965
s__Kurthia huakuii
s__Streptococcus sp029691405
s__Desulfovibrio kirbyi
s__Sulfidibacterium sp015493525
s__Microbacterium sp900163665
s__RGIG3925 sp017612655
s__UBA3855 sp900316885
s__Pelagibacter sp902544135
s__Allorhizobium sp900466945
s__Marinobacter sp018402255
s__Draconibacterium sp011799805
s__SXYR01 sp947463105
s__TMED14 sp003444795
s__CALYPF01 sp945271245
s__CAG-267 sp944392865
s__JAJYSQ01 sp021793495
s__DTU078 sp002397345
s__JAAWPK01 sp944386135
s__Ruthia sp016592615
s__Collinsella sp902492185
s__JAHIEN01 sp018814825
s__JAGNHN01 sp018001695
s__JAAYAE01 sp029004715
s__Azospirillum sp003119115
s__GWC2-37-13 sp000991135
s__Alicyclobacillus_K tolerans
s__Methyloceanibacter sp029287395
s__Rheinheimera maricola
s__Vibrio ezurae
s__Taishania sp002409405
s__GCA-2691245 sp902522465
s__Nitrosomonas sp024282035
s__CALXXW01 sp944392785
s__Sphingobacterium sp000783305
s__Collinsella sp934647195
s__Lepagella sp947176285
s__Enterousia sp944389555
s__Nonomuraea wenchangensis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945874815
s__JAHDBF01 sp020627785
s__Protofrankia sp920888515
s__GCA-2400975 sp012965955
s__Rariloculus versatilis
s__LH-M37 sp023136715
s__Flavobacterium sp947463515
s__JACWAD01 sp023489275
s__Faecalibacterium sp934524985
s__Pleomorphomonas diazotrophica
s__Thermogemmatispora aurantia
s__Mycobacterium sp001953975
s__CALRAY01 sp943353705
s__SIG607 sp904501755
s__Occallatibacter sp003151985
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_O
s__Pelagibacter sp902595405
s__Cobetia sp016495405
s__Alistipes sp017623505
s__Paenalcaligenes faecalis
s__DYSU01 sp020726335
s__Bullifex sp944392695
s__UBA12489 sp028707415
s__UBA6539 sp002687175
s__Planococcus sp020023385
s__Gp1-AA145 sp025936825
s__CSP1-6 sp016179965
s__Megaera typhi_B
s__JAAVLZ01 sp028704415
s__JAMOAD01 sp023621955
s__QHVT01 sp019244185
s__CAIXZV01 sp021815005
s__JAILLW01 sp024403415
s__Deinococcus radiophilus
s__ISDg sp902795625
s__GCA-2705445 sp002705445
s__Palsa-461 sp021791895
s__4572-112 sp003648395
s__Pelagibacter sp902612575
s__Nocardioides sp000015265
s__Chromatocurvus halotolerans
s__Periweissella fabaria
s__Neisseria sp943181435
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323295
s__Enterobacter cloacae_Q
s__JAGLNJ01 sp023139575
s__Oribacterium sp937927445
s__PWNQ01 sp021738505
s__Sulfurimonas sp030949825
s__UBA5435 sp002426645
s__B33-G16 sp019310725
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp947175335
s__Corynebacterium sp001807265
s__Microvirga sp025460805
s__Serinicoccus sp004322775
s__JAGORY01 sp943357915
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000938305
s__Limivicinus sp902793285
s__Udaeobacter sp003218475
s__Pantoea latae
s__Sediminibacterium sp947461125
s__JAJXZT01 sp021779935
s__Roseovarius sp024742835
s__Hymenobacter sp020711255
s__42-11 sp025060595
s__JACRHJ01 sp016212105
s__Methylacidithermus pantelleriae
s__VGWZ01 sp029883145
s__SHND01 sp022072245
s__NK4A136 sp015057055
s__Epulopiscium_B sp000171335
s__Vreelandella zhaodongensis
s__Eubacterium_Q sp002371025
s__Faecousia sp016302005
s__Anaerovibrio sp934196075
s__JAJYVM01 sp021792015
s__Pseudoroseomonas cervicalis
s__Phnomibacter sp025455245
s__UBA9933 sp001793945
s__Collinsella sp958413765
s__Paraprevotella sp944319925
s__Anaerotardibacter sp958431815
s__PWYM01 sp007693855
s__UBA4334 sp902803605
s__Aureimonas altamirensis_B
s__Streptomyces griseoruber
s__Limnohabitans_A sp945901045
s__Sphingobium sp006226685
s__Planococcus sp947502505
s__Lancefieldella sp938028565
s__Thalassotalea_C sp001913705
s__Flavobacterium sp002715085
s__Parafilimonas sp013285855
s__Thermodesulfobium acidiphilum
s__UBA1067 sp017405115
s__Nocardia mexicana
s__Cyanobacterium sp002813895
s__JAJTZA01 sp021463905
s__CAKQMD01 sp934254925
s__Rikenella sp029054535
s__JAADJA01 sp016783885
s__Methylobacterium organophilum
s__UBA3282 sp947176065
s__Agathobacter sp934307695
s__Arthrobacter sp030209745
s__Egerieousia sp934717185
s__Acetatifactor sp945929965
s__UBA11358 sp903870815
s__Roseburia sp947567625
s__S146-70 sp015492395
s__Sphingobacterium sp002354335
s__UBA877 sp903884265
s__Brevundimonas sp019746095
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017624025
s__Colwellia sp002733765
s__UBA5026 sp947089915
s__Roslinia sp019419865
s__JASEER01 sp030019475
s__UBA7584 sp002477805
s__JACCTU01 sp025929895
s__AV69 sp003219925
s__UBA9410 sp014237715
s__JAICJC01 sp025928655
s__Bifidobacterium sp959020145
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra_E
s__UBA3824 sp017541145
s__JARFUG01 sp029289095
s__Effusibacillus lacus
s__Flavihumibacter sp000814325
s__ER46 sp947474365
s__JACKMZ01 sp024235135
s__Nitrosomonas sp016710135
s__SCTV01 sp943350765
s__UBA12077 sp001768565
s__UBA952 sp009926905
s__Bacillus_BB sp001884825
s__Buchnera aphidicola_J
s__Sulfitobacter indolifex
s__Limnohabitans sp002347905
s__2-02-FULL-50-9b sp943349075
s__GWA1-48-11 sp001003475
s__Nitrospira_D sp002083565
s__Emergencia sp022767945
s__CAZU01 sp944393665
s__Vibrio quintilis
s__Collinsella sp938005465
s__Methylobacterium aerolatum
s__Leeuwenhoekiella sp002710685
s__UBA738 sp017540645
s__VMGU01 sp007376745
s__MHLP01 sp001821395
s__Cupriavidus sp900115455
s__Streptomyces solincola
s__UBA10183 sp003485765
s__Pelagibacter sp003279715
s__CAG-269 sp945949485
s__Vibrio rhodolitus
s__Fimicola sp944379995
s__Parasynechococcus sp000515235
s__Dokdonia sp913060645
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014851765
s__Aureispira sp000724545
s__Peptoniphilus indolicus
s__PWXP01 sp007127495
s__Helcococcus sp947253305
s__Merdiplasma sp905207905
s__Canibacter zhoujuaniae
s__UBA3006 sp945900735
s__Azospira_A sp022705165
s__CAG-877 sp944358435
s__Eubacterium_O aggregans
s__Parasynechococcus sp003209165
s__Blastopirellula sediminis
s__Palsa-343 sp030041955
s__Geothrix sp003158505
s__UBA3663 sp902770595
s__Treponema_F sp944389965
s__SHXO01 sp023430065
s__JAGLOS01 sp023137615
s__VBDM01 sp005883665
s__Palauibacter scopulicola
s__Prevotella sp902778535
s__Brevibacillus_B laterosporus_E
s__Borreliella mayonii
s__CAG-605 sp934095825
s__Enterousia sp947053455
s__JAAUOP01 sp938017515
s__RGEC01 sp947463125
s__DTU059 sp023411795
s__UBA3207 sp002363735
s__SFLA01 sp017625615
s__Bacillus_A sp002975175
s__Vescimonas sp945915065
s__Occallatibacter sp003165005
s__S143-34 sp015489365
s__Psychrobacter arcticus
s__Prevotella albensis
s__JANXDG01 sp025059805
s__Collinsella sp031296755
s__JAIPGI01 sp021734395
s__Nocardioides sp013778305
s__Microbacterium_A fandaimingii
s__Aliiroseovarius marinus
s__Chitinophaga pendula
s__UBA5893 sp944384385
s__JACKNG01 sp024235015
s__Snodgrassella alvi_C
s__Sulfurospirillum_A sp016744795
s__NZ13-RE01 sp025060475
s__Nanchangia anserum
s__WGA-3G sp009845505
s__JAGLUZ01 sp023134165
s__Staphylococcus lutrae
s__Luminiphilus sp008081075
s__Lysinibacillus sp030348505
s__CATJSX01 sp949743265
s__Neptunomonas concharum
s__Legionella_C busanensis
s__ATZT02 sp005789325
s__Arthrobacter bambusae_B
s__Clostridium_AM scatologenes
s__GCF-002259525 sp020881075
s__Spongiisocius sp028820935
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017458265
s__Streptococcus sp020089495
s__Pseudopontixanthobacter vadosimaris
s__Corallococcus carmarthensis
s__Promineifilum sp019454405
s__Sunxiuqinia sp028282195
s__Trichococcus palustris
s__UBA1212 sp017959965
s__Methylocystis bryophila
s__Moritella sp015082335
s__Curtobacterium sp001424385
s__UBA6136 sp903835265
s__Streptomyces sp007050945
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio fibrisolvens_A
s__JAEZPW01 sp023410055
s__QNYK01 sp014240375
s__Egerieimonas intestinavium
s__UBA4334 sp902768125
s__Macrococcus bovicus
s__Pseudohongiella acticola
s__Coproplasma sp944368065
s__UMGS363 sp934465295
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902635225
s__MB11C04 sp002726435
s__Akkermansia sp904501975
s__Limnohabitans sp903887655
s__Caccovivens sp946612575
s__JAJYKN01 sp021788515
s__UBA10649 sp017849335
s__Nannocystis sp016714285
s__Mixta theicola
s__Bog-1340 sp018968925
s__Geothrix sp903840385
s__Streptomyces abyssomicinicus
s__UBA4951 sp944376605
s__Alicyclobacillus_G herbarius
s__UBA5976 sp009923495
s__SXTU01 sp016871445
s__JAGMEA01 sp023128415
s__CAG-465 sp947361355
s__UBA9145 sp002700775
s__Pelagibacter sp003213015
s__UMGS1052 sp944375955
s__Coprosoma sp944329545
s__WQXH01 sp009784425
s__Borkfalkia sp944328405
s__Udaeobacter sp025935755
s__UBA6263 sp903943625
s__Collinsella sp900550735
s__Terrabacter sp001428505
s__Pseudidiomarina planktonica
s__UBA11704 sp903875555
s__UBA3210 sp002363635
s__RGIG7114 sp015068365
s__Mariniradius saccharolyticus
s__Prevotella sp945834405
s__Onthocola_B sp944331835
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp945885475
s__CF-75 sp005880445
s__UBA1425 sp902790325
s__ELB16-189 sp018267215
s__UBA969 sp005786805
s__Novacetimonas maltaceti
s__MED727 sp002689245
s__JALZUU01 sp937921555
s__JACNJR01 sp014382495
s__JAGLHV01 sp023143305
s__UBA1049 sp003452915
s__Actinoplanes utahensis
s__CAG-269 sp934184665
s__Sneathiella aquimaris
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp023431725
s__Robiginitalea sp006227965
s__Enterovibrio baiacui
s__Marinacidobacterium sp022820545
s__Solibacter sp003136215
s__SXUL01 sp945907755
s__Choladousia intestinipullorum
s__RGVZ01 sp947445775
s__Palsa-881 sp903870555
s__Fen731 sp003155275
s__Aquabacterium sp001770725
s__Exiguobacterium himgiriensis
s__Thiohalorhabdus denitrificans
s__Occallatibacter sp030041045
s__UBA8515 sp018061145
s__UBA1174 sp944324675
s__Nitrosomonas sp900100485
s__Hydrogenophaga crocea
s__JALGVA01 sp029820295
s__Necropsobacter massiliensis_B
s__JACOUC01 sp016178055
s__Aggregicoccus sp009659535
s__Cognatishimia activa
s__JAHIIS01 sp018899075
s__Methylophaga nitratireducenticrescens
s__13-1-40CM-70-15 sp003223415
s__JAABPW01 sp903934155
s__JAKAJD01 sp021813945
s__Pelagibacter sp902586495
s__Weissella ceti
s__UBA4372 sp947176655
s__Duncaniella sp029054785
s__HGM16780 sp944391315
s__Pelagibacter sp902525355
s__CAG-448 sp904501865
s__2-01-FULL-50-28 sp001816585
s__Pelagibacter sp902589725
s__QWPN01 sp945869735
s__34-128 sp018903015
s__JAJTFA01 sp947457395
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944326485
s__Marinobacter halophilus
s__Sphaerotilus natans
s__Methylobacterium crusticola
s__Microbulbifer sp009903625
s__Billgrantia kenyensis
s__Spiro-02 sp001604275
s__Malacoplasma_A sp949527715
s__Wujia sp017459135
s__Mycobacterium sp001665575
s__Phenylobacterium sp013911965
s__Gallimonas sp944354535
s__Microbacterium imperiale
s__Saccharimonas sp905371595
s__Lepagella sp014800525
s__UBA11320 sp016199985
s__HRBIN30 sp937925685
s__Collinsella sp958421275
s__Veillonella sp959608595
s__2-01-FULL-41-22 sp001789805
s__Palsa-875 sp003244045
s__Fibrobacter sp900142475
s__Pararhodobacter aggregans
s__JAFDMD01 sp019306065
s__Streptococcus mitis_BO
s__CAZU01 sp944393685
s__Skermania piniformis
s__Chordicoccus sp002308255
s__Cellvibrio sp002007605
s__UBA737 sp934486705
s__RGIG9041 sp902492505
s__UBA738 sp018065965
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944326365
s__Actinomyces radicidentis
s__UBA4372 sp947166305
s__B16-G9 sp015493215
s__UBA5454 sp002426555
s__Chlorobium sp903887845
s__Butyrivibrio sp015056585
s__UBA2364 sp017303715
s__Collinsella sp902492935
s__Sulfurisoma sediminicola
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AE
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324635
s__UBA963 sp947450345
s__Aromatoleum bremense
s__CAG-273 sp934121885
s__2-12-FULL-52-36 sp001828545
s__Streptococcus sp004570525
s__Rhodoluna sp945896925
s__O2-02-FULL-42-17 sp001786095
s__Mycobacterium angelicum
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_S
s__CALWZA01 sp944385905
s__Ponticoccus alexandrii
s__Croceimicrobium sp950073045
s__Photorhabdus noenieputensis
s__UBA1162 sp003142375
s__Palsa-465 sp021846845
s__Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum_E
s__CALLQB01 sp938038815
s__Dendrosporobacter quercicolus
s__Aliarcobacter vandammei
s__Sodaliphilus sp902777835
s__JAANAU01 sp015231775
s__UBA964 sp009926865
s__Aliishimia sp938038825
s__JAUVJO01 sp030592345
s__UBA2316 sp013359135
s__Kocuria tytonicola
s__S016-27 sp029821235
s__Paracoccus thiocyanatus
s__UBA2383 sp024234995
s__Streptomyces achromogenes
s__Pararoseburia sp945836255
s__JAFEBO01 sp017303555
s__UBA3207 sp002393905
s__JAGOUJ01 sp018061325
s__Thermodesulfovibrio aggregans
s__Helicobacter_A sp029257755
s__LB-PLM-3 sp003389325
s__Nosocomiicoccus stercorigallinarum
s__Collinsella sp937995345
s__Psychrobacter sp001921745
s__JABEVK01 sp021782055
s__Prevotella sp900314195
s__Coproplasma sp029054485
s__Streptococcus viridans_A
s__SIAQ01 sp945861245
s__JAKAFF01 sp021818045
s__Novosphingobium taihuense
s__SMXQ01 sp004356985
s__PWLA01 sp003562075
s__UBA2591 sp002339755
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp002305575
s__Pelagibacter sp902553465
s__JAUNAV01 sp030528125
s__Pantoea mediterraneensis
s__Caulobacter sp001896875
s__Merdiplasma sp902802515
s__2-01-FULL-53-15 sp001772335
s__CAJAQL01 sp903944135
s__CAIVVG01 sp903909295
s__Pelistega suis
s__Burkholderia sp902833225
s__LD21 sp003157015
s__JAAZLA01 sp023398165
s__UBA9312 sp018895675
s__Onthousia sp944363735
s__Acetobacterium tundrae
s__PTKB01 sp027624955
s__Cytobacillus sp018613035
s__UBA2450 sp016302705
s__GRL18 sp028571885
s__UBA4124 sp903862255
s__Streptomyces longispororuber
s__UBA1147 sp022616595
s__GCA-002694895 sp913045935
s__CAKUIA01 sp934613415
s__JAEWZT01 sp023458375
s__Flavobacterium xanthum
s__SFEL01 sp016292635
s__GWA2-66-18 sp021783355
s__Sedimentibacter sp002399975
s__TMED13 sp002167825
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003504055
s__LC3-1 sp016781735
s__JAGLNE01 sp023139655
s__Puia sp003136915
s__Chlorobium limicola
s__Ruminococcus_E sp020625635
s__Ruminococcus sp017624895
s__Desulfovibrio sp947176055
s__Undibacterium parvum
s__Nitratiruptor sp013153715
s__Phenylobacterium sp020402585
s__CALTTS01 sp003449195
s__Acetatifactor sp947177885
s__Clostridium sp900317445
s__Phocaeicola_A sp947581855
s__Azonexus limneticus_A
s__Acinetobacter chinensis
s__SYAR01 sp009925685
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282515
s__Pseudomonas knackmussii
s__UBA4334 sp905234125
s__JAAYBQ01 sp012730035
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp944380095
s__JAFAEM01 sp023412975
s__Algibacter_E mikhailovii
s__JAAUOP01 sp012034805
s__Actinoplanes lutulentus
s__Arenimonas sp017987065
s__Limnoglobus sp016795225
s__IIICB1 sp010672865
s__Pseudomonas_E mandelii_B
s__GWB1-45-9 sp001793855
s__Collinsella sp900550785
s__Pseudorhodobacter antarcticus
s__Bacteroides sp900755095
s__Granulicella sp002413385
s__Photobacterium piscicola
s__Palsa-872 sp005880945
s__Sphingopyxis sp005503215
s__S010-53 sp947311765
s__JALGWA01 sp025774425
s__Eubacterium_R sp947176035
s__QWHO01 sp021404945
s__Rhizobium multihospitium
s__JACOTA01 sp016178585
s__SXWH01 sp903929475
s__WQXQ01 sp009787285
s__Collinsella sp900543615
s__UBA1259 sp904502225
s__Cetobacterium_A sp947072685
s__Paraburkholderia azotifigens
s__Lysobacter_H maris
s__GCA-2794595 sp002794595
s__Collinsella sp900544865
s__CAG-793 sp930980675
s__DREG01 sp011040895
s__Bog-105 sp003163855
s__JAGLWT01 sp023144005
s__Shewanella fidelis
s__Winogradskyella sp002722255
s__F23-D06 sp900317715
s__Sulfuricystis sp024709955
s__CAJATL01 sp903944895
s__Bradyrhizobium shewense
s__SIG578 sp934488695
s__UBA4421 sp902631405
s__Howiella sp022791355
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323805
s__DTSZ01 sp012965045
s__Veillonella sp900549805
s__Acidaminococcus sp900314165
s__CACNXK01 sp902541365
s__JANYHY01 sp947473045
s__QNES01 sp023143415
s__UMGS1865 sp017613355
s__Angelakisella sp023451415
s__Prevotella sp002353295
s__Parvibaculum sp913057645
s__Treponema_D sp017449265
s__XYB1-FULL-42-16 sp001823055
s__TMED48 sp002338445
s__Galloscillospira_B sp944376235
s__Telluria sp024703915
s__Urechidicola sp947311835
s__Sulfurovum sp027081395
s__Occallatibacter sp021781495
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385695
s__Flavobacterium sp009707955
s__Streptomyces sp900091725
s__JAFGBH01 sp016933215
s__CAG-269 sp944388765
s__JAKDMF01 sp030452455
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp905181705
s__UBA4417 sp016707785
s__UBA12402 sp001801305
s__Aristaeella sp017433675
s__Aquidulcibacter sp021299265
s__Pedobacter sp029269825
s__Pseudidiomarina tainanensis
s__PGYT01 sp002839805
s__Cypionkella sp009773375
s__Rhizobium sp012641405
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_B
s__Collinsella sp900543025
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris_B
s__Faecousia sp017436955
s__Didemnitutus sp903885525
s__2-02-FULL-49-16 sp002772605
s__Pelagibacter sp003215185
s__14-2 sp934434905
s__Aquirufa sp903907915
s__CAG-411 sp017393285
s__UBA2170 sp020632295
s__Hominiventricola sp944381625
s__JAAVFS01 sp947175245
s__Tyloplasma sp947313745
s__Collinsella sp900541065
s__UBA12481 sp903919065
s__Amarobacillus elongatus
s__UBA4665 sp002413755
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510805
s__Limosilactobacillus panis
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902619675
s__Faecousia sp017540945
s__Paenibacillus uliginis
s__Thauera phenolivorans
s__JACPYM01 sp016196035
s__BOG-1370 sp021827715
s__JAMCQZ01 sp023380305
s__BM002 sp030613915
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903889605
s__Vagococcus_D intermedius
s__SIBK01 sp945861565
s__CAJFPI01 sp904420435
s__Mediterraneibacter sp900120155
s__B18-G4 sp013202965
s__CAG-791 sp002358875
s__Nitrobacter sp001897285
s__Reyranella sp945905835
s__Pirellula staleyi
s__Maricaulis maris
s__Desulfobacter sp028768545
s__CAG-791 sp003447895
s__Onthomonas sp946546815
s__Rubrobacter_D sp013698525
s__Krumholzibacterium zodletonense
s__Sphingomonas desiccabilis
s__CAG-267 sp900551865
s__Bog-950 sp903919075
s__40CM-4-69-5 sp001917535
s__Pectobacterium sp021907015
s__Saccharomonospora xinjiangensis
s__Paramuribaculum sp900760855
s__Pleomorphomonas carboxyditropha
s__Prevotella sp946188165
s__Vescimonas sp002438575
s__Casp-alpha2 sp014382345
s__UBA5195 sp025056175
s__JAHJTW01 sp002790835
s__Corynebacterium lipophilum
s__CAG-582 sp934098345
s__CANIZL01 sp947471985
s__Profundibacter sp015494385
s__Collinsella sp900542555
s__Microsaccharimonas sp913775275
s__WQXQ01 sp009787795
s__Lutibacter sp947493565
s__JAAYBF01 sp013812005
s__Lutibacter oceani
s__JAAOIL01 sp015163825
s__Stenotrophomonas rhizophila_C
s__4484-107 sp002059205
s__MGBC139354 sp022791215
s__JADGAO01 sp015231995
s__Thermomonospora amylolytica
s__Mucilaginibacter sp900110415
s__WARW01 sp028704635
s__RGIG4607 sp017473265
s__JACKAF01 sp020635235
s__CAJYAN01 sp913064945
s__Prevotella sp947167845
s__Prolixibacter denitrificans
s__Sulfobacillus_B sp021820165
s__Lutispora sp003527145
s__Thermomonas sp023953935
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902521995
s__Chlorobium sp903917955
s__RUG369 sp946541595
s__Lactiplantibacillus fabifermentans
s__Stenotrophomonas sp026107455
s__Brevefilum sp016841525
s__Thermoclostridium_A sp012518025
s__JAGQJA01 sp020430845
s__Onthousia sp944363745
s__HRBIN12 sp002898915
s__JALOBO01 sp023228225
s__CAIOLM01 sp903859205
s__Streptococcus mitis_BA
s__Pradoshia sp001183965
s__JAGNKE01 sp016699735
s__Trichormus sp001548375
s__JAQUAH01 sp028687345
s__Collinsella sp900761085
s__UBA2450 sp902800025
s__QYPT01 sp903822425
s__JAJZCL01 sp021846165
s__Hypnocyclicus sp020063625
s__JAJZRJ01 sp021802775
s__JAQSVC01 sp029603165
s__Limnohabitans sp945882755
s__JADZCR01 sp020851465
s__Dyadobacter sediminis
s__Laterigemmans baculatus
s__Pelagibacter sp902571915
s__Frateuria_A terrea
s__Bacteroides sp900766195
s__JAFAVN01 sp019242435
s__Rhodoglobus sp015864665
s__Collinsella sp900760905
s__Pontixanthobacter luteolus
s__CAIWHR01 sp010365205
s__UMGS1388 sp900551345
s__UBA952 sp024643725
s__Kaistella sp002454815
s__Pelagibacter sp902543375
s__JANXDC01 sp025998875
s__Arenimonas sp029560515
s__SICN01 sp943350395
s__UBA1784 sp015061865
s__SZUA-117 sp027621915
s__Xenorhabdus budapestensis
s__Lenti-01 sp002347655
s__Streptococcus sp001182825
s__Lepagella sp947178505
s__UBA1711 sp947168665
s__JABDMI01 sp905479875
s__Comamonas sp031277805
s__Pararhizobium sp001426685
s__Gottfriedia acidiceleris
s__Acetobacterium sp018903255
s__UBA1786 sp024398475
s__Arenimonas oryziterrae
s__UBA11869 sp014239225
s__MS024-2A sp905181895
s__Sabulitectum sp023136985
s__Nocardia pulmonis
s__JAGNPU01 sp017987415
s__Berkiella sp001898235
s__DUPH01 sp028684935
s__JACKPA01 sp024233865
s__Daejeonella sp030831705
s__CAG-115 sp934481355
s__Paraprevotella sp944321365
s__Tissierella pigra
s__CASDZP01 sp947176715
s__Demequina lutea
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp003987725
s__2-12-FULL-67-15 sp016872535
s__RUG841 sp934754505
s__Flexifilum sp013360465
s__Aureimonas jatrophae
s__Micromonospora terminaliae
s__Aquimarina sp938011245
s__Coprosoma sp944329365
s__Thermomonas sp021821195
s__Bariatricus sp934320645
s__UBA2995 sp014529675
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AC
s__Gemmiger sp934561205
s__RUG14130 sp017518705
s__Terrimesophilobacter sp012274275
s__Microvirga pakistanensis
s__JAGOLJ01 sp017994125
s__Prevotella sp902779745
s__UBA952 sp945897565
s__CALXDZ01 sp944387205
s__FEN-1250 sp003142495
s__PUPC01 sp003559755
s__Lepagella sp014801985
s__Flavobacterium dinanensis
s__JAAYYZ01 sp012515115
s__JAFGDI01 sp016932145
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233455
s__JAETTH01 sp021769225
s__GCA-002723415 sp002721445
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp018335195
s__Leeuwenhoekiella marinoflava
s__Flavobacterium frigidimaris
s__RGIG9041 sp944385895
s__JAJXTN01 sp021783725
s__UBA12068 sp003507445
s__Alistipes sp017621455
s__Brooklawnia sp012517115
s__UBA5976 sp903951185
s__JAFDKD01 sp019307165
s__Pseudodonghicola xiamenensis
s__UKL13-3 sp001602415
s__Defluviilinea sp025966435
s__Allofrancisella frigidaquae
s__Brevundimonas sp002426005
s__Fen731 sp002068775
s__Pauljensenia pyogenes_A
s__Collinsella sp900764415
s__Bacillus_BV luteolus
s__JASMLW01 sp030748485
s__Sorangium sp025924095
s__Cyclonatronum sp020832405
s__Crenobacter cavernae
s__Dysgonomonas hofstadii
s__SCN-70-22 sp016704465
s__UBA12014 sp002167845
s__JAFIEW01 sp020832375
s__Allobacillus sp937958375
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947503685
s__Collinsella sp900548935
s__Gemmobacter_B aquarius
s__Fructobacillus pseudoficulneus
s__Tenderia electrophaga
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389975
s__Caccovivens sp946496065
s__CAG-194 sp002441865
s__Streptomyces sp026339935
s__Limivicinus sp017432615
s__M2005 sp027002405
s__JADLGL01 sp026126065
s__Microlunatus phosphovorus
s__UBA3636 sp902761575
s__Slackia faecicanis
s__Bacillus pumilus_G
s__Fen-1174 sp003153935
s__S012-47 sp015487695
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp027532775
s__Stercorousia sp950096985
s__UBA8498 sp001773385
s__UBA8087 sp002709755
s__Prochlorococcus_C sp030741055
s__Ventrenecus sp948432605
s__28-YEA-48 sp947452455
s__HK1 sp000583135
s__Pyrinomonas methylaliphatogenes
s__Curvibacter lanceolatus
s__Selenomonas_A sp945494195
s__SXON01 sp947445035
s__Blochmannia sp023585685
s__Gp6-AA38 sp003223835
s__Roseovarius sp027019125
s__ELB16-189 sp002344795
s__Specibacter sp002929705
s__Mahella sp030156435
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389145
s__EW11 sp023428905
s__Actinomarina sp902533795
s__JABFXX01 sp013812655
s__UBA11612 sp002712165
s__JAUJNH01 sp030448245
s__JACKFK01 sp020632515
s__Bartonella sp944801835
s__B10-G9 sp003648195
s__Thermoleptolyngbya sp001548395
s__Marinomonas sp013373235
s__Streptomyces hirsutus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323245
s__UBA1067 sp002392765
s__Fervidobacterium gondwanense
s__Prevotella sp016281815
s__DAOVQB01 sp023128935
s__Onthousia sp944363755
s__Galbibacter mesophilus
s__CAKPSH01 sp948471115
s__Streptomyces fulvoviolaceus
s__Zag111 sp900551965
s__Janthinobacterium sp009208735
s__Pseudobutyricicoccus sp019420045
s__Parvibaculum sp903889655
s__Chryseobacterium sp913778085
s__UBA3402 sp949879025
s__UBA2365 sp002344345
s__Collinsella sp937937635
s__Brotaphodocola sp022794255
s__Corynebacterium ciconiae
s__Gracilibacillus salitolerans
s__Luteolibacter sp004294095
s__Sulfurovum sp027082955
s__AE-B3A sp005223095
s__JACOTW01 sp016178135
s__Reyranella sp019235415
s__QAMH01 sp959608885
s__GCA-2400775 sp013151045
s__RFNG01 sp009927275
s__UBA1188 sp937907585
s__UBA10428 sp016938235
s__Thermophilibacter pullistercoris
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp004025585
s__Inhella inkyongensis
s__Fimimonas sp023667435
s__Streptomyces sp020982545
s__CAJXII01 sp023138835
s__F0058 sp905372135
s__Limnobaculum allomyrinae
s__CAIJXJ01 sp903824575
s__Scatosoma sp017626135
s__F1-60-MAGs140 sp903908015
s__JABWCE01 sp945897885
s__Entomoplasma ellychniae
s__Centipeda massiliensis
s__Acetobacter sicerae
s__CAITQP01 sp903869975
s__Flavobacterium sp014145665
s__REEB77 sp019075865
s__Actinoplanes cyaneus
s__DP-3 sp005888095
s__UBA2813 sp902774905
s__S144-45 sp015494035
s__CAG-590 sp947178445
s__JAQUAE01 sp028687395
s__Hydrogenothermus sp012961365
s__Belnapia rosea
s__Limenecus sp944326545
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_V
s__Collinsella sp023441725
s__Pelotomaculum thermopropionicum
s__ZJ293 sp011751725
s__Xenorhabdus poinarii
s__NBLK01 sp016937865
s__Limivicinus sp905233785
s__Chelonobacter oris
s__Telluria psychrophila
s__Neokomagataea thailandica
s__Flavobacterium aquidurense
s__WM01 sp004570605
s__TMED48 sp002692165
s__Georgenia yuyongxinii
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002080045
s__Bartonella_A sp946479275
s__Devosia_A sp017307495
s__MGBC133411 sp944391475
s__JAKACW01 sp021821045
s__Planktophila sp009702965
s__Aristophania sp029433415
s__Poriferisocius sp026709815
s__JALTBU01 sp027038555
s__RUG472 sp902786465
s__Collinsella sp938023905
s__Pseudaquidulcibacter saccharophilus
s__Lightella neohaematopini_B
s__Rhodanobacter sp014200755
s__Alkalimonas delamerensis
s__JAAYXG01 sp025929585
s__Nocardioides_A massiliensis
s__Dyadobacter frigoris
s__CAIPAT01 sp903863035
s__SGZJ01 sp004213995
s__MLS-D sp023228425
s__Microvirga sp020697385
s__UBA1179 sp018065615
s__Blochmannia sp023586085
s__UBA7707 sp023416895
s__Flavobacterium oncorhynchi
s__JACNKV01 sp014381855
s__Rubrivivax sp020851615
s__Chlorobium sp013334435
s__GMQP-bins7 sp020029615
s__Streptococcus gallolyticus_C
s__JAVEDU01 sp030840805
s__JACDAU01 sp030446765
s__UBA1711 sp018064245
s__GWC2-37-13 sp002050095
s__JACWAD01 sp021787475
s__Oleibacter sp950066645
s__CAIWXQ01 sp903861045
s__Azonexus sp021782315
s__UBA1847 sp913063505
s__Solincola_B sp014360645
s__PALSA-600 sp903915545
s__Mediterraneibacter sp934309415
s__JAJYVT01 sp030039755
s__RCIO01 sp023435335
s__Parabacteroides sp934725305
s__Microcella sp001425665
s__Faecousia sp017519005
s__UMGS2037 sp934402515
s__Ahrensia kielensis
s__JAJZVV01 sp021845595
s__Saccharofermentans sp902795955
s__Rodentibacter haemolyticus
s__Bulleidia sp900314345
s__Gallalistipes sp944326945
s__Acinetobacter sp900766635
s__JADFGI01 sp027619975
s__BOG-931 sp021811945
s__Cognaticolwellia chukchiensis
s__Eubacterium_F sp934316925
s__JAFGXF01 sp016936755
s__Eubacterium_Q ruminantium_A
s__QNEE01 sp003645085
s__PALSA-926 sp021805245
s__CAG-269 sp944393395
s__Streptococcus oralis_BZ
s__Microcella pacifica
s__WKFI01 sp022763485
s__Shewanella zhangzhouensis
s__Khoudiadiopia massiliensis
s__Elioraea sp937927455
s__RUG440 sp902772085
s__Marinobacter piscensis
s__UBA4334 sp934271655
s__Dysgonomonas sp900556485
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030159255
s__Bellilinea sp004347695
s__Streptomyces syringius
s__J038 sp003696565
s__JALGSS01 sp029821745
s__UBA7868 sp934746185
s__Arthrobacter sp031179305
s__Heliomicrobium gestii
s__CAG-103 sp017411225
s__Sphingomonas glacialis
s__Spiribacter_A halobius
s__UBA8950 sp020719725
s__Collinsella sp902490405
s__Fen-1231 sp016194585
s__Specibacter sp013376095
s__JAGLYF01 sp023132435
s__Polaromonas sp002381615
s__Nostoc commune
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AB
s__VMSU01 sp013792005
s__Sphingopyxis sp002454115
s__Scatenecus sp944324225
s__Pelagibacter sp902613065
s__Faecousia sp017612935
s__Anaerobiospirillum sp944389615
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_Y
s__Palsa-1515 sp903970385
s__Eubacterium_R sp945224895
s__CACORA01 sp902629495
s__Aquabacterium_A sp016721465
s__ELB16-189 sp016178785
s__Leifsonia sp900114565
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944325435
s__Hymenobacter lutimineralis
s__Aliiglaciecola sp007197995
s__Janthinobacterium sp019443505
s__Aristaeella sp017433405
s__Pelagibacter sp902596045
s__UBA3282 sp947179245
s__Lachnospira sp002435585
s__Streptomyces sp014596525
s__Sutterella sp937923675
s__UBA1267 sp017959345
s__LD21 sp003141525
s__UBA4716 sp934476675
s__Alloalcanivorax sp009711585
s__DYSN01 sp020718205
s__CAG-411 sp947177415
s__PHOS-HE28 sp002360495
s__Desulfofundulus kuznetsovii
s__Novosphingobium marinum
s__Tsukamurella paurometabola
s__Marinobacterium iners
s__CALVVN01 sp944363885
s__Duganella sp024123915
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp005877705
s__Holdemanella sp934754935
s__Pararheinheimera mesophila
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902591665
s__JAADFN01 sp015493585
s__Actinoplanes ianthinogenes
s__Palsa-465 sp021820105
s__RBC074 sp016789605
s__Pantoea sp003236715
s__Marinobacter_A mangrovi
s__Collinsella sp900757595
s__PALSA-1006 sp903876625
s__Peptoniphilus_A sp022767005
s__Polaribacter vadi_A
s__Nanopelagicus sp009704285
s__Ehrlichia minasensis
s__UBA4923 sp001512945
s__VXNF01 sp021296415
s__E29-bin15 sp004377275
s__Bradyrhizobium sp019244115
s__JAHEJN01 sp024638845
s__Prevotella sp002298545
s__Quinella sp017534385
s__Pantoea haifensis
s__JJ008 sp947456825
s__JAGLOZ01 sp023137595
s__QS-5-72-10 sp003021615
s__Finegoldia magna_I
s__TMED131 sp002689905
s__UBA5078 sp024234325
s__UBA4459 sp002869465
s__Shewanella khirikhana
s__Oxalicibacterium faecigallinarum
s__Porphyromonas sp902489635
s__Limnohabitans sp009923345
s__JABSQK01 sp013215875
s__Advenella sp003533245
s__UBA4744 sp029863625
s__Flavobacterium sp947371275
s__Roseimaritima sp007124075
s__JACCRE01 sp013813775
s__Nitrospira_D sp002083405
s__JABEVD01 sp021845885
s__Helicobacter_B macacae
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030696285
s__RUG11257 sp017548725
s__Kineothrix sp021769135
s__Streptococcus thoraltensis
s__CAIQVS01 sp903875345
s__JAGLLT01 sp023140385
s__Salegentibacter salegens
s__Chryseobacterium fistulae
s__Sinomonas sp014656475
s__Canibacter zhuwentaonis
s__Ruminococcus sp015066875
s__DYOH01 sp020720625
s__Paramuribaculum sp029051965
s__Berkiella sp016191245
s__SXXK01 sp947463775
s__Pigmentiphaga sp019689535
s__Blattabacterium sp000233435
s__Allorhizobium sp000247475
s__Alteromonas lipolytica
s__Parvibaculum sp030694575
s__JAGORN01 sp018062805
s__UBA5794 sp002418265
s__Mesorhizobium norvegicum
s__JAFMDF01 sp937921525
s__JACCTL01 sp013698135
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021795355
s__Lolliginicoccus rhizosphaerae
s__JAJRYK01 sp023140215
s__UBA12420 sp001797255
s__JAAYVG01 sp012517285
s__Streptococcus sp013394695
s__Raoultibacter sp009782605
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017399905
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688495
s__Rothia sp024294905
s__Lacticaseibacillus songhuajiangensis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323505
s__CAIPYM01 sp903869345
s__Cellulomonas massiliensis
s__Paracoccus saliphilus
s__28-YEA-48 sp947478455
s__Thermus caldifontis
s__WMHbin3 sp002753185
s__Frigoribacterium sp001422285
s__UBA12445 sp003504275
s__CAG-266 sp003150755
s__Amycolatopsis alba
s__Telluria sp022701635
s__Pseudoduganella sp001425005
s__Aquirufa fluvialis_C
s__Pseudoruminococcus_B sp900543705
s__Lamprocystis purpurea
s__Sphingopyxis sp936933955
s__Pantoea cypripedii
s__JACKDX01 sp020633325
s__GWC2-70-10 sp001795345
s__Tidjanibacter sp017628305
s__VBDY01 sp005882775
s__Bartonella tribocorum_A
s__Crateriforma conspicua
s__Bin55 sp009840545
s__Streptomyces sp014596915
s__Arthrobacter_F crystallopoietes_B
s__Prevotella sp017554105
s__Borkfalkia sp944328445
s__Microbacterium_A chengjingii
s__JALTHG01 sp027004715
s__Mycobacterium neworleansense
s__SpSt-227 sp023391415
s__UBA1248 sp016280525
s__Vibrio sp000176715
s__CAG-433 sp900320735
s__Gulosibacter sp943914115
s__Erwinia typographi
s__CAMCQY01 sp026401075
s__UBA2316 sp002256935
s__Phytoplasma sp001623385
s__Spiroplasma_A clarkii
s__Shewanella waksmanii
s__GCA001735715 sp947503105
s__JACQEC01 sp016200765
s__Thalassospira indica
s__Cellvibrio sp008806975
s__Novosphingobium sp006874585
s__Collinsella sp905197385
s__Gallimonas sp944372525
s__Herbaspirillum sp013426985
s__JAQUMX01 sp028717885
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017527415
s__Chryseobacterium sp023426625
s__CAIPEB01 sp903863885
s__Fen-1262 sp003152875
s__CAIOSQ01 sp016869915
s__Aureibaculum sp003511845
s__SKKY01 sp009930175
s__Cohnella xylanilytica
s__JACMME01 sp013817545
s__CAIVND01 sp903907185
s__JAMCZK01 sp019637805
s__Flagellimonas amphidinii
s__Flavobacterium palustre
s__HGM11368 sp937880755
s__42-54-T18 sp002163245
s__Novosphingobium sp017302615
s__Diaphorobacter_A ruginosibacter
s__Collinsella sp902491915
s__SGZJ01 sp018674025
s__Methylobacterium sp001423085
s__PHOS-HE28 sp018266685
s__Ferranicluibacter sp001424045
s__JACDAL01 sp013695465
s__UBA1221 sp944327255
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021816775
s__AP-15 sp019244535
s__Corynebacterium yudongzhengii
s__Planococcus sp018283455
s__Veillonella_A sp010093125
s__Wolbachia sp003516275
s__Marinobacter denitrificans
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AF
s__UMGS1585 sp944324825
s__Meridianimarinicoccus sp014901205
s__Streptomyces spinosus
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_L
s__Leclercia adecarboxylata_B
s__SAR86A sp002721465
s__Paenibacillus sp001955925
s__JAGOSP01 sp018062205
s__UBA2377 sp017988885
s__XYC sp018606805
s__JANQMX01 sp028279885
s__CAG-115 sp023664705
s__Anaerotruncus sp944385965
s__JAGUYG01 sp020061465
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_X
s__JACCVC01 sp013698305
s__Roseovarius halotolerans
s__CAG-590 sp947178475
s__UBA5352 sp003566775
s__GCA-002701455 sp902629125
s__CG03 sp013791675
s__SKNL01 sp007133995
s__Saccharofermentans sp024691135
s__Thermodesulfatator atlanticus
s__YN15 sp023391955
s__JACCXJ01 sp013697045
s__Ferruginibacter sp003534175
s__Photorhabdus antumapuensis
s__B1 sp027488905
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp009703925
s__Herbaspirillum chlorophenolicum
s__CANHWS01 sp947464365
s__JAGLSF01 sp023136305
s__JAJYKH01 sp021788685
s__CAIYRG01 sp903862715
s__Anaeroplasma sp900770055
s__Microbacterium binotii
s__JALNXB01 sp029548585
s__Enterousia sp002373935
s__Treponema_D zioleckii
s__Thomasclavelia saccharogumia
s__MEDG-81 sp902540995
s__Acidovorax_F monticola
s__Buttiauxella gaviniae
s__JAQVHQ01 sp028696165
s__Lacticaseibacillus suibinensis
s__Lancefieldella sp937997345
s__Acuticoccus sediminis
s__UMGS1883 sp017441965
s__Halopseudomonas salina
s__JAGMDC01 sp023128895
s__Onthocola_B sp944363815
s__JAGTTR01 sp944381745
s__Ga0077560 sp001464275
s__UBA1603 sp002322035
s__CALXJM01 sp944388625
s__Mycoplasma_L sp947039545
s__SXYR01 sp945871875
s__S141-50 sp015490695
s__Palsa-739 sp003152275
s__LS-NOB sp012961055
s__Acinetobacter pullicarnis
s__Lepagella sp947175665
s__Microbacterium halimionae
s__Nocardia caishijiensis
s__Acidiphilium sp021829055
s__Caulobacter sp001426905
s__Aquariibacter lacus
s__Coproplasma sp029059705
s__Pseudothermotoga_A caldifontis
s__UBA5070 sp002414805
s__Prevotella sp017478025
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp002863005
s__UBA5266 sp002069895
s__Alloalcanivorax balearicus
s__AWVT01 sp916439735
s__Alistipes sp017629035
s__Hassallia sp949127635
s__Paraoerskovia marina
s__Lutibacter sp002733285
s__UBA1179 sp017651315
s__JAUWMR01 sp030613055
s__Spirilliplanes yamanashiensis
s__Dulcicalothrix desertica
s__Mycetocola lacteus
s__Streptococcus mitis_AQ
s__Collinsella sp900547805
s__GCA-002697625 sp002696275
s__Aestuariivirga sp020029455
s__Onthovivens sp944336335
s__Prevotella sp946188395
s__Aurantimonas endophytica
s__JAJYPN01 sp021795395
s__SZUA-1055 sp015659815
s__RUG472 sp902802805
s__Metasolibacillus fluoroglycofenilyticus
s__Psychrobacter sp016464015
s__CAMDFR01 sp947464015
s__Brytella acorum
s__JABHMO01 sp018693855
s__Moorella thermoacetica_A
s__Oceanospirillum multiglobuliferum
s__Octadecabacter sp018861045
s__WFQU01 sp015486845
s__UBA12086 sp002792995
s__Collinsella sp958413455
s__GWF2-57-35 sp001804865
s__Trichococcus collinsii
s__Actinomyces oricola
s__LSCE01 sp020831845
s__UBA4372 sp017428785
s__Flexilinea sp002407845
s__JAHJDG01 sp018812265
s__B24-G6 sp003643835
s__CAG-1782 sp002439705
s__JAENIX01 sp016844415
s__UBA4615 sp903923345
s__UBA668 sp003455715
s__Petralouisia sp949879775
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra_G
s__FB2012 sp946533615
s__Pontibacter sp015686655
s__Sphingomicrobium ginsengisoli
s__UBA9673 sp003530255
s__UBA11358 sp903911825
s__Nocardioides yefusunii
s__GCA-002722245 sp002717515
s__WGBF01 sp015494485
s__UBA3031 sp027624715
s__Limenecus sp944325555
s__Corynebacterium anserum
s__Duodenibacillus sp900762555
s__Monoglobus sp900542675
s__UBA6055 sp022820665
s__Shewanella eurypsychrophilus
s__RUG11257 sp017429475
s__JACZSB01 sp022574435
s__Sphingopyxis solisilvae
s__Bog-756 sp003153575
s__Blastococcus sp900109665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944322585
s__UBA1765 sp017625775
s__RGIG4079 sp904502025
s__Natronospira sp007131825
s__TMED48 sp905181995
s__Streptomyces lydicamycinicus
s__Marinobacter vulgaris
s__Luteococcus avicola
s__Chryseobacterium sp001677955
s__Acinetobacter sp004331075
s__Naka2016 sp003731655
s__Streptomyces nitrosporeus
s__Fimisoma sp905214195
s__UBA791 sp934700335
s__JAHDHH01 sp938041445
s__Psychroflexus salarius
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp023430245
s__UBA2475 sp018057345
s__Phreatobacter oligotrophus
s__Anseongella ginsenosidimutans
s__Secundilactobacillus odoratitofui
s__HB2-32-21 sp003448675
s__Thermophilibacter mediterraneus
s__Methylobacterium sp001422885
s__OLB17 sp001464455
s__Eubacterium_T sp900318155
s__UBA8316 sp913052425
s__Epulopiscium_A sp001983455
s__RGIG4074 sp944372515
s__Macrococcus equipercicus
s__JAJQDI01 sp021202275
s__Lentzea albida
s__Streptococcus sp001811305
s__Brooklawnia sp022837595
s__Streptomyces sp003143855
s__Halomonas icarae
s__Neorickettsia findlayensis
s__NK4A144 sp902779445
s__JACKCB01 sp020634235
s__JAPPHA01 sp028874915
s__Centipeda sp000315545
s__Buchnera aphidicola_A
s__JAAYVR01 sp012517065
s__Parabacteroides sp944325335
s__Streptomyces melanogenes
s__Winogradskyella sp013042245
s__CAG-269 sp934148985
s__UBA1213 sp900316485
s__JAAZNO01 sp022707705
s__RUG440 sp902766445
s__UBA6211 sp012522985
s__Nitrosospira sp900142705
s__Limiplasma sp023404345
s__UBA2463 sp945862985
s__Mesorhizobium_I sp023953845
s__UBA8905 sp002402795
s__Prevotella sp900316445
s__UBA2868 sp003535955
s__Collinsella sp900554465
s__Acinetobacter idrijaensis
s__SY8519 sp902797015
s__Collinsella sp900541045
s__Aquabacterium sp028864885
s__Nitrospina gracilis
s__Vogesella sp017998615
s__Lysinibacillus mangiferihumi
s__RGIG1902 sp017421885
s__JAKAJX01 sp027364735
s__CAIYCZ01 sp903924805
s__Streptomyces sp031178505
s__UBA5195 sp002412925
s__Idiomarina piscisalsi_A
s__Caccovivens sp949296805
s__Actinopolyspora lacussalsi
s__Pseudobacillus wudalianchiensis
s__UBA636 sp017428765
s__Pseudoxanthomonas daejeonensis
s__LD21 sp016936435
s__Maribacter hydrothermalis
s__RGIG2945 sp017442445
s__UBA1535 sp002479485
s__UMGS363 sp022769565
s__CAG-873 sp947175605
s__JAJDTQ01 sp022823055
s__Prevotella sp002353205
s__Methylobacterium brachythecii
s__GCA-002748415 sp002748415
s__Haematobacter sp002196855
s__Aestuariivivens sediminis
s__Onthousia sp904420615
s__JAGOZV01 sp018064165
s__Solirubrobacter sp003344625
s__JAKAPT01 sp021806885
s__Streptomyces spongiicola
s__Thioalkalivibrio thiocyanoxidans
s__Hadersleviella danica
s__SKOZ01 sp007119795
s__Flavobacterium gilvum
s__Algibacter sp009796805
s__Pararhodobacter sp020637515
s__JABAYQ01 sp018608925
s__UBA9410 sp913030665
s__Novosphingobium indicum
s__2-12-FULL-69-37 sp016184445
s__Streptomyces sp004187715
s__UBA2862 sp902798105
s__Streptomyces acidicola
s__UBA1259 sp900320065
s__Erythrobacter sp900105095
s__JAFDEK01 sp019310385
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023412215
s__Suilimivivens sp014803415
s__Legionella shakespearei
s__Intestinibaculum sp900317015
s__Bacillus_AG koreensis_A
s__Corynebacterium testudinoris
s__Leifsonia xyli_C
s__Alloprevotella sp945828345
s__Cyanobium sp947442825
s__UBA6626 sp002716625
s__UMGS2037 sp945643825
s__Roseburia sp905206195
s__JAICJV01 sp025937135
s__RGIG446 sp949740445
s__JANLFM01 sp024655965
s__RUG099 sp900318105
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp944372665
s__CAISUE01 sp903888615
s__Williamsia arboriphila
s__MAAR01 sp002162765
s__XYD1-37-29 sp018656065
s__SHYY01 sp021784515
s__JACCSC01 sp013813215
s__RXIV01 sp020846135
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp022783665
s__Marinacidobacterium sp022828085
s__CAIQDA01 sp945875545
s__Spiroplasma_A turonicum
s__UBA2730 sp900319955
s__Bacteroides sp939791845
s__Sodaliphilus sp902772965
s__Sphingomonas_N chungangi
s__UBA6183 sp947459075
s__Streptomyces tubercidicus
s__Alloscillospira gallinarum
s__JAMCZK01 sp019637675
s__Alistipes sp017937125
s__UBA2995 sp014529615
s__JAJZVS01 sp021807785
s__Pullibacteroides sp947177315
s__Methylobacter_C sp002862125
s__RF16 sp017401985
s__JAJYOI01 sp021796275
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_S
s__Psychrobacter glacincola_B
s__Ureibacillus composti_A
s__JABFXX01 sp019637375
s__CAIZGN01 sp903932505
s__Mucilaginibacter aurantiaciroseus
s__UBA4421 sp016779425
s__Sedimentisphaera salicampi
s__PNC21 sp013112555
s__Winslowiella arboricola
s__CAG-269 sp904419095
s__WJMI01 sp014728015
s__CALCKW01 sp937941555
s__Corynebacterium sp945631445
s__Manganitrophus morganii
s__UBA11600 sp002717745
s__UBA4770 sp002403335
s__JAQTNP01 sp028713795
s__Clostridium_R aminophilum_A
s__Acinetobacter sp947493735
s__Cyclobacterium jeungdonense
s__Lutibacter sp030683995
s__Caminibacter sp027063075
s__Sherwoodlollariibacterium unditelluris
s__JACKPH01 sp024233675
s__QWPN01 sp018970605
s__Cellulomonas sp014763765
s__Kineosporia rhizophila
s__Shewanella litoralis
s__Microbacterium marinum
s__UBA3855 sp002393815
s__Halalkalibacter akibai
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007123785
s__JAAXGX01 sp021296485
s__UBA1845 sp002338715
s__RF16 sp017450685
s__CAG-1000 sp017428485
s__Bradyrhizobium cosmicum
s__Maribacter_A luteus
s__Neoroseomonas sp020250005
s__Brevundimonas sp943913355
s__Maritimibacter sp002695005
s__RGIG5556 sp944390645
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp947491935
s__CALXCQ01 sp944386835
s__Phil12 sp900315335
s__Salinicoccus cyprini
s__Methylobacillus flagellatus
s__Paucibacter sp018780645
s__UBA5633 sp028716905
s__Enterousia sp024402815
s__Leeia oryzae
s__CAKSUT01 sp934444485
s__UBA2170 sp018662075
s__GWC2-65-14 sp001797615
s__Actibacterium_B pelagium
s__JACCYJ01 sp013696015
s__PWEK01 sp003553445
s__JADFUZ01 sp015222295
s__JAKAIY01 sp025936795
s__TMED112 sp003213455
s__Cypionkella sp913062925
s__JADKAV01 sp025455985
s__JALWWO01 sp027078745
s__Mycobacterium gadium
s__Ruegeria lacuscaerulensis
s__T3Sed10-241 sp003565555
s__GCA-2706205 sp002706205
s__RGIG7926 sp905236705
s__CAKTFW01 sp934561175
s__Pediococcus stilesii
s__Maribacter_A sp023141835
s__Modicisalibacter xianhensis
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaligenes_A
s__NAK19 sp937928795
s__Microbacter sp021804525
s__JACKPN01 sp024233575
s__QWOP01 sp903949225
s__JALUBW01 sp027023425
s__SIG32 sp944325945
s__HIMB59 sp902524245
s__Streptomyces lateritius
s__RYN-111 sp025966295
s__CFX2 sp937922795
s__Streptomyces seoulensis_A
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra_A
s__Brevibacillus sp000282075
s__Thalassobius sp002708925
s__JABHOV01 sp027618255
s__B3-G13 sp003641555
s__Cryptobacteroides sp900320795
s__Lacinutrix sp947500605
s__Microbacterium suaedae
s__Prevotella sp002371715
s__Gp7-AA6 sp003222385
s__UMGS995 sp934130165
s__JACRMB01 sp021803005
s__Lysinibacillus sp028877475
s__Prevotella sp017467565
s__Marinirhabdus sp002337605
s__Tatlockia massiliensis
s__Micromonospora sp003434305
s__Blautia_A sp900764225
s__Pedobacter polysacchareus
s__CALWPI01 sp944383385
s__Cetobacterium ceti
s__S141-161 sp015491015
s__CAJCBL01 sp023443455
s__Ignavibacterium album_D
s__JAIPFY01 sp021736385
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis_D
s__JAGMCN01 sp023129235
s__UBA1479 sp002433335
s__Variovorax sp030316855
s__JACRLG01 sp021815525
s__Corallococcus soli
s__Bact-19 sp905233405
s__Anoxybacillus pushchinoensis
s__VXRD01 sp021295695
s__Lentihominibacter sp022773945
s__UBA5893 sp002431905
s__Aristaeella hokkaidonensis
s__JAKSCL01 sp022360615
s__SURF-55 sp003604985
s__Roseibacillus_B sp028821775
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020635675
s__Agrococcus pavilionensis
s__Streptomyces sp026341825
s__Terracoccus sp030452985
s__Stappia sp002722295
s__Cellulomonas denverensis
s__JAKAHE01 sp021789495
s__CAG-196 sp944324205
s__Anoxybacillus_A voinovskiensis
s__Sulfuricystis sp030682595
s__Amycolatopsis dendrobii
s__Paenibacillus_G chinjuensis
s__E44-bin46 sp004376105
s__Paraburkholderia dioscoreae
s__WO2-44-18 sp001817915
s__UM-FILTER-38-24 sp002792535
s__CAKPSH01 sp934183325
s__Rhodovibrio salinarum
s__Lysinibacillus macroides
s__Collinsella sp900761145
s__GCA-001735895 sp001735895
s__Phytoplasma ziziphi
s__Luteolibacter sp903930425
s__UBA3774 sp002369255
s__Cytobacillus praedii
s__Bifidobacterium sp022640935
s__Altibacter sp002696485
s__DUPQ01 sp002070475
s__Flavobacterium sp002862805
s__Pseudooceanicola antarcticus
s__Ruminococcus sp016303235
s__CAG-1024 sp017429985
s__Dysosmobacter sp022791135
s__CADEDH01 sp024227975
s__Akkermansia sp945831585
s__Algoriphagus zhangzhouensis
s__RGIG6720 sp017525225
s__Ancylobacter defluvii
s__Thermomonas sp014678725
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp903821395
s__Streptomyces capillispiralis
s__Dysosmobacter sp017410185
s__JAHJJA01 sp018822885
s__Eubacterium_Q sp002372545
s__Cybelea sp019235995
s__Dyadobacter beijingensis
s__QAKL01 sp003343815
s__AR19 sp003220595
s__CAIYEO01 sp903891235
s__VYFG01 sp937992195
s__CAADGN01 sp014584315
s__UBA2821 sp002351535
s__Kineothrix alysoides
s__Neisseria sp915066515
s__Prevotella sp900769055
s__Collinsella sp900545055
s__Methylobacterium adhaesivum
s__Aridibacter sp029862725
s__GCF-002259525 sp020881195
s__Aquiluna sp913057795
s__Erythrobacter aurantius
s__UBA2558 sp028693895
s__Mediterraneibacter sp019418195
s__Lonsdalea iberica
s__JAADCO01 sp013154385
s__Psychroserpens burtonensis
s__Agrilactobacillus composti
s__Nanosynbacter sp015257705
s__Hominimerdicola sp002368715
s__Peribacillus sp001510645
s__JAHELU01 sp937922805
s__Edaphobacter dinghuensis
s__COE1 sp910578795
s__Prevotella brevis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902491795
s__UBA1267 sp902796795
s__UBA8477 sp021734045
s__Ectothiorhodosinus mongolicus
s__S016-27 sp015486155
s__UBA6055 sp022824365
s__SKVJ01 sp003552125
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp027486415
s__OLB19 sp020632095
s__JACOUN01 sp023383815
s__UMGS1623 sp902492895
s__Collinsella sp959606065
s__Bizionia saleffrena
s__SCUS01 sp030652255
s__JAHJDR01 sp018812345
s__Prevotella ihumii
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000472925
s__UBA11358 sp903875465
s__Mariniblastus sp937944405
s__Aliiroseovarius halocynthiae
s__FEN-1139 sp003154095
s__4572-123 sp002084545
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp012518125
s__VXYK01 sp024421085
s__UBA7377 sp902625535
s__PC08-66 sp000830255
s__Neobacillus sp002567005
s__Lutibacillus vidarii
s__Siccirubricoccus soli
s__C7867-002 sp903868845
s__Johnsonella sp905373785
s__CAMLKC01 sp946480595
s__Halomonas sp024137965
s__VSOB01 sp947385955
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016717225
s__Bact-11 sp018064445
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp937773465
s__JAPUKM01 sp027295645
s__JABIAL01 sp018653315
s__CALQIT02 sp943330705
s__UBA3566 sp002376065
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp003136935
s__CAJJBL01 sp027625145
s__Bact-11 sp017544005
s__JAFDED01 sp019310535
s__Zgenome-0027 sp003854975
s__Roseburia sp944380515
s__C7867-001 sp021802705
s__UBA2214 sp029554865
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp913053885
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp030949705
s__Aromatoleum petrolei
s__PBB1 sp027490215
s__Aquabacterium sp016000265
s__Gallibacteroides sp017467745
s__2-01-FULL-40-13 sp001788015
s__Oryzomonas japonica
s__Clostridium_J ihumii
s__Agathobacter sp022772675
s__Pelagibacter sp902599105
s__CALUVH01 sp944324175
s__Pelistega ratti
s__Agathobaculum sp944380945
s__CAG-269 sp947575605
s__Dwaynesavagella sp017889345
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A indica
s__Gallimonas sp910586245
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_I
s__Quinella sp905233135
s__CAKPEZ01 sp934149465
s__Planktophila sp947457445
s__1-14-0-10-37-14 sp002778705
s__Bulleidia sp902795905
s__CAG-475 sp949432885
s__JAGLFH01 sp023144635
s__S016-85 sp015485995
s__Neptuniibacter pectenicola
s__JAGLUP01 sp023134715
s__Psychrobacter aquaticus
s__SZUA-378 sp028689715
s__Rhodoferax sp019973615
s__JABDQW01 sp013042055
s__HGM10611 sp900770645
s__UBA866 sp944386285
s__DAHUYF01 sp030037055
s__CAIVZM01 sp903910385
s__Prevotella sp003483565
s__UBA1147 sp024958995
s__RUG11130 sp017545225
s__Collinsella sp959606495
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902776375
s__Coproplasma sp021202395
s__Boseongicola sp013042895
s__Collimonas sp002325825
s__Enterenecus merdae
s__UBA1213 sp900315465
s__WYBA01 sp011526095
s__RF16 sp017450435
s__Cryptobacteroides sp022777205
s__JAJYHZ01 sp021796335
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp947253995
s__UBA11872 sp028874175
s__Alistipes sp947178025
s__QPIN01 sp003666325
s__UBA4732 sp002404095
s__Hominiventricola sp002491115
s__UBA952 sp947463385
s__Phenylobacterium sp001724985
s__Terrabacter sp024519435
s__Pseudolabrys sp903885555
s__Harryflintia sp022792175
s__Idiomarina sp002808045
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389025
s__Singulisphaera acidiphila
s__Litoreibacter sp947494645
s__Rhodoferax sp002786915
s__DTHP01 sp023818355
s__HGM16780 sp944390355
s__UBA1254 sp017645485
s__Idiomarina piscisalsi
s__Rickettsia australis
s__Aminivibrio sp016756745
s__UBA1367 sp017510875
s__UBA2231 sp019135865
s__RUG11857 sp902773225
s__YE71 sp902797535
s__JAHJGG01 sp018824545
s__UBA6984 sp002369055
s__Prevotella sp944320105
s__Anaerotruncus sp904398655
s__ISDg sp017613055
s__Chryseobacterium binzhouense
s__Bacteroides sp017621035
s__Kosakonia sp002886105
s__JADMIL01 sp021780225
s__Rhizobium paranaense
s__Bifidobacterium ramosum
s__Phocaeicola sp900556845
s__JAGMAN01 sp023130215
s__Micrococcus porci
s__JALGTR01 sp029821265
s__Enterousia sp900313285
s__Massilistercora sp902406105
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944324405
s__Lampropedia populi
s__JABSRG01 sp013215165
s__Paenibacillus solani
s__JANLFJ01 sp024655825
s__SpSt-77 sp025062415
s__Polaromonas sp000013865
s__Streptomyces albireticuli_B
s__Evtepia faecigallinarum
s__RGIG6374 sp017513445
s__UBA3738 sp902803725
s__Niveibacterium umoris
s__UBA10449 sp003446775
s__Exiguobacterium_A sibiricum_A
s__DUAL01 sp012960835
s__Aquimarina sp947497175
s__Selenomonas_A sp905233635
s__Pelagibacter sp902541745
s__FACHB-8 sp014695575
s__JANWZD01 sp023512725
s__Sphingomonas corticis
s__Amylibacter sp913043905
s__Lysinibacillus sp002237755
s__Brevibacterium jeotgali
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003279615
s__CASBRB01 sp949127975
s__Ga0077527 sp001464815
s__Sulfurimonas sp027448805
s__Sphingomonas sp022662305
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_W
s__Francisella halioticida
s__UBA9715 sp003452695
s__Erythrobacter sp947493165
s__CAG-1252 sp017615495
s__Brevundimonas sp031082345
s__UBA974 sp002693775
s__JAAUTN01 sp012031415
s__Paenalcaligenes sp021793095
s__Geomonas ferrireducens
s__Limimaricola cinnabarinus_B
s__Dietzia timorensis
s__UBA9076 sp022772735
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324965
s__YE71 sp902766335
s__JAIBJL01 sp020029545
s__Foliamicus sp026707445
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_S
s__Gemmatimonas sp002331565
s__Streptomyces sp007176755
s__JAMCSY01 sp023379125
s__Brevefilum sp002403205
s__QWPN01 sp027592945
s__DTKZ01 sp937991975
s__RF16 sp017480285
s__Crossiella sp023897065
s__CAG-269 sp944387425
s__Nitratireductor_D alexandrii
s__Acetatifactor sp934436435
s__UBA6345 sp944376785
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002392525
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902799325
s__Corynebacterium sp001815935
s__CSBR16-87 sp007117565
s__UBA9973 sp001787035
s__JACOTG01 sp016178505
s__Psychroflexus curvus
s__Gilliamella apicola_H
s__Pseudomonas_B sp913774235
s__Neisseria arctica
s__JAJNDL01 sp021156385
s__UMGS1312 sp934446065
s__Nanogingivalis sp015257755
s__CAJXLG01 sp913055885
s__CAMDMI01 sp947459175
s__Variovorax paradoxus_H
s__VGCF01 sp945888455
s__Pullibacteroides sp023667315
s__UBA2212 sp009773735
s__Leifsonia sp002105485
s__Phenylobacterium sp030651755
s__MED-G20 sp002686655
s__Coprosoma sp944358735
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902580565
s__Delta-02 sp002305765
s__JAJSZL01 sp021160485
s__PeH17 sp017525875
s__JAMLHH01 sp023957235
s__Croceibacterium atlanticum
s__Vreelandella sp024158715
s__Comamonas sp021044865
s__JAJFKB01 sp024234615
s__UBA6249 sp023229385
s__Dietzia natronolimnaea_A
s__Nitratiruptor sp027036935
s__Vibrio zhugei
s__Brevundimonas aveniformis
s__UBA8515 sp903929735
s__UBA11791 sp022451485
s__Megasphaera sp022641375
s__Pantoea sp021272205
s__C7867-002 sp018970245
s__UBA9732 sp900321635
s__JALNZU01 sp023396415
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A columboralis
s__Aquabacterium_A sp017999135
s__Dietzia intestinigallinarum
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947447245
s__Paenibacillus_E sp030817215
s__Sporosarcina sp029257255
s__UBA4334 sp905235525
s__CF-72 sp005883405
s__MnTg04 sp022572885
s__Wujia sp934309145
s__JANTHH01 sp024762485
s__JAHDBF01 sp937950315
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002964665
s__FACHB-1375 sp014696265
s__Bosea sp945956895
s__BN30871 sp028714675
s__Dokdonia sp947492535
s__CAG-590 sp029063085
s__Halocyntiibacter_A alkanivorans
s__Arthrobacter pascens
s__50-400-T64 sp002162815
s__JAGWBD01 sp026708325
s__Bifidobacterium sp947253155
s__Chlamydophila sp902705545
s__Thiovibrio sp021822005
s__Myxococcus macrosporus
s__JAHEFT01 sp937924405
s__CAG-269 sp934130975
s__JAAZVO01 sp018609045
s__HGM11416 sp934247855
s__Fen-1038 sp023484185
s__Borreliella californiensis
s__UBA4372 sp017535725
s__UBA9337 sp003507475
s__CAG-196 sp944324185
s__CAG-196 sp934757245
s__Zth2 sp017134815
s__Pandoraea iniqua
s__Maricaulis sp029251785
s__Nanopelagicus sp009705675
s__Soehngenia sp018434075
s__Streptomyces violascens
s__OLB10 sp018268195
s__Luteimonas_D yindakuii
s__Vespertiliibacter pulmonis
s__Curtobacterium herbarum
s__UBA4372 sp902799985
s__UBA1254 sp017445475
s__Paenibacillus_T xylaniclasticus
s__Egerieousia sp017959005
s__Flavobacterium sp017987725
s__UBA4334 sp904501945
s__Modicisalibacter zincidurans
s__Mariniblastus sp011087765
s__Xanthomonas_A theicola
s__Paraburkholderia fynbosensis
s__UBA2023 sp002335145
s__Marinobacter sp001858325
s__JABGQS01 sp018648645
s__MB11C04 sp002722545
s__Ventricola sp902781095
s__UBA1847 sp945787845
s__UBA6163 sp002422955
s__Sulfurivermis denitrificans_A
s__JAHDCO01 sp938035125
s__Hydrogenimonas sp027081015
s__Alloclostridium sp944380395
s__Collinsella sp900541145
s__Bacillus_A fungorum
s__Plasticicumulans sp003962905
s__Tidjanibacter gallistercoris
s__Cupriavidus basilensis_B
s__Clostridium_J sp900548455
s__Phil12 sp017469625
s__Aromatoleum tolulyticum
s__Acholeplasma laidlawii_A
s__QNFC01 sp913060775
s__Bifidobacterium imperatoris
s__Cognaticolwellia polaris
s__CAZU01 sp944393715
s__Streptomyces sp900105415
s__Saccharospirillum mangrovi
s__Fusibacter sp030446305
s__Sulfurovum sp026990595
s__Oliverpabstia sp004556655
s__JACKEA01 sp020633235
s__Geothrix rubra
s__CALZBJ01 sp945619025
s__Scatosoma sp015071005
s__Pseudomonas_E sp012935755
s__UBA2283 sp002345725
s__Kineothrix sp023443905
s__UBA974 sp015660615
s__Streptomyces sp000720135
s__UBA1140 sp027002665
s__Achromobacter sp002975275
s__Corallococcus silvisoli
s__Clostridium sp018372875
s__2-01-FULL-41-21 sp903830625
s__UBA2450 sp900314865
s__TMED14 sp913043005
s__Negativibacillus sp017439985
s__JAKCCC01 sp021838985
s__UBA952 sp009925805
s__2-02-FULL-38-15 sp001777055
s__Mycobacterium interjectum
s__Alsobacter sp945952055
s__Saccharicenans subterraneum
s__Microbacterium proteolyticum_A
s__Streptomyces radicis
s__Muiribacterium halophilum
s__Rariloculus sp022826245
s__JAGYID01 sp018606725
s__Streptomyces sp008973465
s__UBA4080 sp002381865
s__Buchnera aphidicola
s__AC2028 sp017544405
s__Bulleidia sp002372175
s__Phreatobacter sp000751295
s__Lancefieldella sp916438965
s__Exiguobacterium_A acetylicum_B
s__UBA6055 sp022825675
s__Georgfuchsia sp947478755
s__SKPH01 sp007119615
s__Craterilacuibacter sp023502145
s__Methylomonas lenta
s__JAHDEO01 sp938028705
s__E29-bin73 sp004375885
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_E
s__GCA-2704625 sp902580445
s__Rubinisphaera sp014584345
s__Anoxybacillus sp937139915
s__Nitrotoga sp021413765
s__JACPST01 sp016193105
s__M269 sp004353515
s__JAHITU01 sp023135835
s__Eubacterium_F sp002431395
s__Caccenecus sp947646115
s__C254 sp002797315
s__UBA9659 sp002454165
s__Winogradskyella epiphytica
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903853895
s__Pseudomonas_F sp029871235
s__Brooklawnia sp000413315
s__JAIVGV01 sp020200235
s__Nitrospira_D sp001464735
s__Anaeroferrophillus wilburensis
s__Arthrobacter sp019038615
s__UBA2253 sp002347755
s__UBA11524 sp017936765
s__CAIUMH01 sp903893955
s__Salirhabdus euzebyi
s__Mycobacterium bacteremicum
s__Streptococcus sp905221165
s__QGON01 sp003660235
s__GCA-002733105 sp003645385
s__Sulfurospirillum sp028684065
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002591815
s__Azospira inquinata
s__Dongia_A sp021792365
s__MED-G52 sp902631295
s__Fibrobacter sp002395745
s__Geothermincola_A secundus
s__Ruminococcus sp002362175
s__Bosea caraganae
s__Meiothermus luteus
s__Prevotella sp905216025
s__Micromonospora sp003027925
s__SYFY01 sp024234635
s__JAGMXM01 sp018006935
s__Agathobacter sp017623935
s__Streptomyces glaucescens
s__JADJJE01 sp020633075
s__Vibrio sp947488985
s__Gemmatimonas sp002483225
s__Nanosynbacter sp021222645
s__Methylobacter_C sp903866825
s__Chryseobacterium contaminans
s__CANHVK01 sp947446925
s__Pelagibacter sp902520335
s__Bact-11 sp016284265
s__Mycobacterium bourgelatii
s__Specibacter psychrochitiniphilus
s__RGIG4097 sp937885645
s__Mixta alhagi
s__Collinsella sp900548565
s__Wenyingzhuangia marina
s__Changpingibacter yushuensis
s__Hornefia sp945830395
s__CALXSC01 sp944391075
s__Mycobacterium alvei
s__Cyclonatronum sp003555145
s__Shewanella oneidensis
s__RACS-045 sp029060025
s__UMGS872 sp023665725
s__Collinsella sp900757465
s__UBA7377 sp002170285
s__CAG-115 sp947177735
s__Paracoccus seriniphilus
s__MD308 sp949916155
s__Streptomyces sp026342235
s__Acinetobacter sp002455755
s__C7867-001 sp018826405
s__FB2012 sp947177715
s__Sphingomicrobium lutaoense
s__Sphingobium sp946886075
s__38-11 sp001509345
s__Methylotenera_A oryzisoli_A
s__JAHBWW01 sp019636795
s__Carboxylicivirga sp025499625
s__RUG410 sp900318605
s__GCA-2730855 sp002730855
s__QPIN01 sp003666385
s__Streptomyces klenkii
s__WTFY01 sp009839635
s__Prevotella sp934203355
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_J
s__Salinicoccus merdavium
s__JAKLKB01 sp020632975
s__S145-28 sp015493385
s__Ureibacillus manganicus
s__GCA-2708265 sp002708265
s__GCA-2704625 sp902578935
s__UBA9628 sp903830945
s__CAKZQG01 sp937139605
s__Flavobacterium fryxellicola
s__Xenorhabdus miraniensis
s__Malaciobacter halophilus
s__AR12 sp003220335
s__Flavobacterium keumense
s__Chelativorans multitrophicus
s__RUG12372 sp946183785
s__JAFGVL01 sp016938015
s__SpSt-205 sp025059915
s__Shewanella polaris
s__Caccovivens sp944350275
s__Herbiconiux oxytropis
s__UBA737 sp900769375
s__Planktothrix sp014697575
s__Selenomonas_A sp008271295
s__Pelagibacter sp003279775
s__Neisseria flavescens_C
s__Microbacterium sp005774735
s__JAJYKY01 sp021788195
s__TMED108 sp002724735
s__Leptospira_B hartskeerlii
s__UBA7522 sp002476865
s__Polaribacter sp029248845
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_H
s__JACNLN01 sp014381485
s__Poriferisocius sp026705465
s__Pantoea rara
s__UMGS1668 sp016296485
s__JALGUG01 sp029820995
s__S012-138 sp015488215
s__Desulfovibrio sp944324525
s__Pelagibacter sp902615145
s__JAAFHV01 sp016720545
s__UBA2970 sp024761205
s__WVWW01 sp011773795
s__CAKZUP01 sp937923565
s__JAGLIM01 sp023142995
s__UBA6898 sp003252075
s__Xenorhabdus khoisanae
s__Cellulomonas_A sp012927595
s__Chelatococcus sp018398315
s__Accumulibacter sp029255125
s__Francisella persica
s__Fen-1137 sp003157315
s__Brachybacterium intestinipullorum
s__RUG11977 sp946403295
s__JABDNZ01 sp030618065
s__Collinsella sp905208975
s__Collinsella sp900554595
s__CAILAF01 sp903881425
s__UBA6985 sp002450035
s__Collinsella sp900549335
s__JASEJN01 sp030016385
s__Arthrobacter chlorophenolicus
s__Streptomyces subrutilus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp900315815
s__CSP1-8 sp003513855
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp016462055
s__Gallimonas sp029055875
s__RGAU01 sp030433075
s__VBWC01 sp006218035
s__UBA5486 sp002427045
s__Caccovivens sp944350115
s__CALZJI01 sp945787615
s__Pseudidiomarina marina
s__Pelomonas aquatica
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp938044705
s__Methylovulum miyakonense
s__Streptomyces alkaliphilus
s__Johnsonella sp916438835
s__UMGS1279 sp902490735
s__Halopseudomonas sabulinigri_A
s__Amphritea spongicola
s__UBA1466 sp002325605
s__Erwinia sp009738185
s__CAG-873 sp900759845
s__Mycobacterium sp009729205
s__Lachnospira sp934359185
s__Gabonibacter sp900543425
s__Acidithrix sp021819025
s__Thermus hydrothermalis
s__WRAY01 sp009787685
s__UBA11996 sp002728195
s__Ferruginibacter sp947472635
s__UMGS1696 sp017472105
s__WCHB1-27 sp002328485
s__Duncaniella sp947381945
s__UBA4719 sp012927555
s__JALCSJ01 sp022653215
s__Heliomarina sp018223035
s__Vagococcus fluvialis_A
s__GWA2-45-9 sp020059585
s__UBA11236 sp003455335
s__CAAEEV01 sp013185065
s__Enterovibrio paralichthyis
s__Desulfolithobacter dissulfuricans
s__Streptococcus mitis_CR
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp002383485
s__Blautia_A sp945864225
s__Novosphingobium sp028871475
s__WGFY01 sp015491995
s__Allorhizobium wuzhouense
s__Pauljensenia sp900554605
s__Flavobacterium enshiense
s__Citrobacter sp945906775
s__Robertkochia marina
s__UBA9145 sp026710425
s__CAG-557 sp948823415
s__Modicisalibacter sp947493865
s__Phytoplasma sacchari
s__JAFUYI01 sp900762565
s__Saccharicenans sp030017715
s__GCA-2729515 sp019310965
s__JADFVM01 sp015222555
s__Cohnella laeviribosi
s__JACJYE01 sp020636255
s__HTCC2207 sp943787675
s__Leadbetterella byssophila
s__Croceicoccus pelagius
s__JAKEEM01 sp022616535
s__F0422 sp900766245
s__Roseburia_B sp947647505
s__Aquimarina sp947496555
s__CALGNN01 sp937961455
s__Ancylobacter rudongensis
s__UBA629 sp900316665
s__JAGNRR01 sp938017685
s__Roseivirga sp002786855
s__Polynucleobacter sp947461335
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944325105
s__01-FULL-49-22b sp913054235
s__CALVJO01 sp944332225
s__Liberibacter americanus
s__Ottowia sp016702555
s__Photobacterium sp018199995
s__UBA5905 sp904501705
s__Wolbachia sp031266615
s__Allomeiothermus sp003226535
s__UBA12202 sp018701255
s__Rubripirellula sp913061385
s__JAEWAH01 sp023398575
s__JACPAU01 sp016180705
s__Mycetocola_A manganoxydans
s__Muricomes sp013911065
s__Dethiobacter alkaliphilus
s__JACPSQ01 sp016193175
s__Microbacterium sp002979415
s__UBA1557 sp001783255
s__Pelagibacter sp902581585
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans
s__Chryseobacterium vrystaatense
s__RFQD01 sp009704705
s__Rhabdochlamydia sp901000775
s__UBA3532 sp002376965
s__Caccovivens sp944363385
s__Alistipes sp017560425
s__UBA3900 sp017995405
s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans_B
s__Faecousia sp900762005
s__Anaerovibrio sp017390245
s__CAITJF01 sp028871775
s__Thauera sp009469595
s__Lentimicrobium sp016788045
s__Polaromonas sp947450695
s__BOG-931 sp030036975
s__Sideroxyarcus sp013140695
s__Pelagibacter sp003212925
s__UBA2868 sp002394535
s__UBA6857 sp900767015
s__CAKQKQ01 sp934249265
s__Desulfovibrio sp947177085
s__UBA10151 sp001776635
s__Anaerococcus pacaensis
s__Allokutzneria albata
s__UBA3282 sp934385475
s__Fen-999 sp018819515
s__Treponema_D sp017469785
s__Collinsella sp944321445
s__Thermochromatium vinosum
s__Anammoximicrobium sp903927685
s__Pelagibacter sp028222445
s__TMED54 sp003210115
s__JACNIV01 sp014382915
s__UBA6024 sp021849365
s__RACS-045 sp944376205
s__Halobacteriovorax_A sp002338505
s__Bosea sp900156025
s__Dysgonomonas sp001261735
s__ELB16-189 sp003504855
s__Parabacteroides distasonis_C
s__AB-137-C09 sp015488125
s__Micromonospora sp004307965
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_P
s__Aquimarina sp947498765
s__MGBC102946 sp947645535
s__JACKNK01 sp024234895
s__Acidovorax sp003060895
s__Nonomuraea phyllanthi
s__PUIC01 sp017418605
s__Aeromonas australiensis
s__CAG-196 sp944324215
s__Variovorax guangxiensis
s__Oribacterium sp934270345
s__Palsa-1315 sp002869885
s__JAAZNV01 sp018825365
s__Bullifex sp900769955
s__UBA854 sp002591705
s__JACKKN01 sp024236415
s__CAJBLF01 sp903953935
s__CALDTK01 sp937924035
s__Geothrix oryzae
s__Thiobacillus sp003510325
s__Onthocola_A sp944376975
s__Erysipelothrix aquatica
s__Kinetoplastibacterium crithidii_B
s__Limnohabitans parapertussis_C
s__Myxococcus xanthus_B
s__Psychrobacter frigidicola
s__Salipaludibacillus neizhouensis
s__Bog-756 sp903849265
s__JAHJIQ01 sp018823285
s__Caccovivens sp948442695
s__CAMYOU01 sp947283485
s__UBA1723 sp902782665
s__Asticcacaulis taihuensis
s__Cupriavidus necator_B
s__Prevotella sp017627765
s__UBA8316 sp027621505
s__Oribacterium sp900107835
s__Ruminococcus_E sp022779485
s__CAG-590 sp900313855
s__Bisgaardia hudsonensis
s__SYFN01 sp027484285
s__Desulfomicrobium macestii
s__DG-27 sp030605835
s__UBA10110 sp003524745
s__PXAP01 sp007119075
s__Paremcibacter congregatus
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_D
s__Paenibacillus_G sp024704175
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003279635
s__Pelagibacter sp902634455
s__Methylobacterium hispanicum
s__Sutcliffiella_A tianshenii
s__Streptantibioticus silvisoli
s__Zoogloea oleivorans
s__Prevotella sp024697405
s__63-22 sp900465915
s__Avimuribaculum sp944321685
s__Ferruginibacter sp002400445
s__Paramuribaculum sp029052015
s__JAHDCO01 sp020629835
s__CAG-632 sp023667695
s__CAKZPF01 sp937138625
s__UBA1177 sp002310995
s__CAIOYC01 sp903862425
s__HRBIN37 sp002898375
s__Micromonospora peucetia
s__Limosilactobacillus avistercoris
s__Streptomyces litmocidini
s__Methylopumilus_A universalis_B
s__JAIBBG01 sp943330925
s__B137-G9 sp003647825
s__UBA6382 sp017616915
s__UBA4720 sp003221805
s__Flavobacterium resistens
s__UBA932 sp009777095
s__JABDMD01 sp014075255
s__Streptomyces qinglanensis
s__CACNXK01 sp902605165
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AK
s__JACMLD01 sp004295245
s__Pedococcus sp029222705
s__Saliniramus fredricksonii
s__Cobetia crustatorum
s__BACL14 sp013205275
s__UBA3824 sp017964465
s__Prevotella sp002451555
s__DTU072 sp012838805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002440085
s__TMED48 sp002689135
s__UTPRO1 sp002050235
s__Rhizobium_E sp014158035
s__Treponema_D sp016282455
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AH
s__PXAP01 sp007133565
s__UBA12178 sp003641795
s__Ga0077553 sp019931245
s__UBA7445 sp002470925
s__Sediminibacterium sp943327245
s__Herbaspirillum sp014192645
s__GWA2-37-10 sp000992015
s__Pelagibacter sp902521005
s__SAAU01 sp009929265
s__CALHPK01 sp938036315
s__Gemella palaticanis
s__Shewanella ulleungensis
s__Aquibacillus_C koreensis
s__Aquitalea sp945957525
s__Geothrix sp013390615
s__RACS-047 sp013316045
s__UBA6055 sp022823945
s__Coproplasma sp947175515
s__Flavobacterium sp947466955
s__JABDJT01 sp937891465
s__JAFMDF01 sp937974625
s__UBA4877 sp002399285
s__Bifidobacterium cuniculi
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017634555
s__4484-190-2 sp030612945
s__JAKAJA01 sp021833665
s__Cellvibrio sp021323495
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_N
s__JAJZCX01 sp027306745
s__Oryzomicrobium terrae
s__PCC-6304 sp025370845
s__Sphingomonas sp001464615
s__CALRDJ01 sp943354875
s__UBA10199 sp001797365
s__JAAWTG01 sp022801925
s__Paenibacillus_E qinlingensis
s__Murdochiella massiliensis
s__Merdicola sp944392175
s__Desulfosporosinus sp030706025
s__Parasynechococcus sp002690325
s__Peribacillus frigoritolerans_A
s__JAKASW01 sp021789975
s__Collinsella sp900541855
s__UBA1685 sp017435905
s__Shewanella aquimarina
s__Fen-1342 sp003162245
s__UBA1479 sp913030825
s__Collinsella sp900765185
s__Keratinibaculum sp012728075
s__Microbacterium saperdae
s__Azospirillum oleiclasticum
s__RUG410 sp934254585
s__Lepagella sp902495075
s__Prevotella sp902778255
s__Pusillimonas_C sp020687695
s__Limimorpha sp905236635
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AS
s__Chryseobacterium sp021869765
s__Pelagibacter sp902559635
s__Paenibacillus_AB oceani
s__Carnobacterium_A mobile
s__UBA3789 sp946560065
s__Limenecus sp944325595
s__JAGMES01 sp023128035
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002709395
s__Comamonas koreensis
s__UBA2100 sp002401925
s__CAILHX01 sp903834185
s__GCA-002772825 sp024654625
s__Faecimonas sp944332465
s__Actinomarina sp027729925
s__CAJFPI01 sp944386975
s__Pseudaquidulcibacter sp002337085
s__Anaerococcus sp946893725
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp029066805
s__Bog-950 sp903889265
s__UMGS911 sp902491535
s__Winogradskyella ouciana
s__Nonlabens dokdonensis_B
s__Paenibacillus_E sp001426375
s__Bifidobacterium asteroides_J
s__UBA1140 sp002311915
s__CAG-238 sp934271235
s__CAMDWQ01 sp945877765
s__Frigidibacter sp002423245
s__Brotaphodocola sp004554205
s__DTU089 sp017626295
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944392935
s__Centipeda timonae
s__Corynebacterium liangguodongii
s__JAAWJJ01 sp022796875
s__MGBC133411 sp944390885
s__UBA724 sp902586905
s__CALUVH01 sp944324165
s__B18-G4 sp021107535
s__Flavobacterium hiemivividum
s__CAG-465 sp944386345
s__Faecivivens sp022770625
s__Limnohabitans_A sp001517545
s__AV69 sp003219125
s__Gp7-AA6 sp027307335
s__HGM04593 sp904502235
s__Methylacidiphilum sp004421185
s__Rossellomorea sp019334305
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_X
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902579115
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002344215
s__Pseudomonas_K sp004801855
s__Rs1 sp002163025
s__JAKAUH01 sp021818605
s__Rhodoferax sp023700745
s__Bin16 sp022820645
s__Helicobacter_G kayseriensis
s__Caldilinea sp016861025
s__Lutimaribacter pacificus
s__CF-113 sp005881995
s__JAMCQB01 sp023382175
s__CALVVX01 sp944351765
s__Algoriphagus aquaeductus
s__Mycoplasmopsis sp024834065
s__UBA8296 sp027621355
s__Raoultibacter sp009782615
s__Neobacillus_A sp030705745
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903866915
s__SbD1 sp021813685
s__Leifsonia sp001898805
s__Aphodousia sp905206345
s__UBA8687 sp022450865
s__Limnocylindrus sp903820655
s__Rhizobium aethiopicum
s__Halopolyspora algeriensis
s__NICIL-2 sp026003495
s__Fimenecus sp002437245
s__Gordonia sp023100845
s__UBA4417 sp903887815
s__2-12-FULL-68-20 sp001770655
s__Micromonospora pacifica
s__Staphylococcus simulans_A
s__JALTBU01 sp027023105
s__Alteromonas sp006538345
s__MED-G16 sp002457315
s__Pseudoscardovia radai
s__JACDDL01 sp013817045
s__Acutalibacter sp910574995
s__AG-337-I02 sp902582755
s__Actinacidiphila sp023701745
s__JAAZIY01 sp012800625
s__Polaromonas sp027491035
s__Sodaliphilus sp946186345
s__UBA1219 sp002309295
s__Desulfoferrobacter suflitae
s__CANFLJ01 sp947447815
s__Lachnoclostridium_B massiliensis_A
s__SXXK01 sp945861465
s__Bog-756 sp015478655
s__Robertmurraya massiliosenegalensis
s__Streptomyces griseocarneus
s__JAADCS01 sp015494805
s__Stutzerimonas sp900766265
s__Rhodoferax sp016708345
s__GWB1-40-14 sp000996085
s__Udaeobacter sp003219005
s__Pelagibacter sp902589315
s__Rhodoferax fermentans
s__JAABPS01 sp019309685
s__Dorea_A sp934294775
s__CALNBV01 sp937874515
s__Bradyrhizobium sp005937885
s__Holzapfeliella floricola
s__DAHWFB01 sp027326105
s__Faecalimonas sp900550235
s__Lysinibacillus sphaericus_B
s__CACIJG01 sp003331935
s__Collinsella sp900761995
s__Segeticoccus rhizosphaerae
s__Pseudomonas_H gallinarum
s__Thermophilibacter sp002159495
s__RUG842 sp900313775
s__Vreelandella sp011050415
s__GCA-003244245 sp019241525
s__Trichococcus ilyis
s__JADJVA01 sp016716765
s__Mobilitalea sp023395555
s__CALURL01 sp944323155
s__Paraburkholderia ginsengisoli
s__Rubripirellula sp002689655
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030040965
s__JAGMAB01 sp023131055
s__Jiangella alkaliphila
s__UBA1144 sp002311855
s__Desulfovibrio sp944327295
s__Prevotella sp003043945
s__Persicimonas caeni
s__RUG11257 sp017519185
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902585045
s__2-01-FULL-51-21 sp001781435
s__PWVB01 sp007125545
s__Oceanitalea wutianyii
s__Sinomicrobium oceani
s__Palsa-288 sp021851465
s__Brevundimonas sp018820665
s__Nocardioides sp000192415
s__Brachybacterium timonense
s__Pygmaiobacter sp028689835
s__Butyrivibrio sp000424285
s__Mucilaginibacter sp014200495
s__Arthrobacter nitrophenolicus
s__Xanthomonas_A hyacinthi
s__Romboutsia_D sedimentorum
s__Streptomyces himalayensis
s__Schaedlerella sp905203555
s__Anaerosphaera mikwangii
s__Rhodovulum kholense
s__Limimorpha sp017381865
s__UBA8260 sp003135255
s__Pararhizobium sp001424985
s__Bog-950 sp016715625
s__Flavobacterium sp017984835
s__CAG-488 sp902789095
s__Desulfonatronovibrio sp007121655
s__UBA1784 sp934663655
s__UBA5976 sp903892635
s__Saccharofermentans sp902767145
s__Christensenella massiliensis
s__Microbacterium yannicii
s__RGIG3091 sp934155645
s__Thermochromatium sp937923175
s__UBA3072 sp002215665
s__Enterocloster sp900770345
s__Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans
s__AP-15 sp030039815
s__Flavobacterium sp023251135
s__SM1-46 sp001304215
s__Shewanella dokdonensis
s__41-12-T18 sp002163115
s__Prevotella sp018054505
s__Pelagibacter sp902594675
s__UBA1217 sp902796265
s__Poriferisodalis sp022821985
s__Prevotella sp002490315
s__Enterousia sp950096895
s__Pannonibacter phragmitetus
s__Salinimicrobium sediminilitoris
s__UBA6024 sp903865775
s__SKVR01 sp007129355
s__UBA10001 sp003512705
s__Variovorax paradoxus_L
s__Campylobacter_A showae
s__JADLCM01 sp020847175
s__Thermocrispum agreste
s__UBA10566 sp028708845
s__Polynucleobacter sp027944005
s__CAG-273 sp022798895
s__RUG11272 sp017429265
s__UBA12454 sp001825675
s__Cryobacterium serini
s__CADEEN01 sp902825995
s__GCA-2684655 sp937906475
s__Bordetella_C sp002209485
s__UBA4811 sp002328075
s__JAGNSI01 sp017988135
s__Chlorobium sp013335405
s__Gilliamella sp019469185
s__CAG-307 sp945923475
s__Pantoea formicae
s__Gemmiger sp900772715
s__Burkholderia sp902833145
s__Coproplasma sp944354725
s__Nostoc sp020829585
s__CAG-269 sp934129785
s__Pseudomonas_E segetis
s__Dysgonomonas macrotermitis
s__Microvirga arsenatis
s__GCA-2704625 sp902569185
s__Parasutterella sp900554375
s__CALXZG01 sp944391735
s__CANIGN01 sp947467125
s__Collinsella sp900546455
s__Ruminococcus_C sp902464115
s__Lederbergia ruris
s__Propionivibrio sp029289235
s__Xanthobacter oligotrophicus
s__Avelusimicrobium sp015062115
s__Terrimonas sp002399735
s__UMGS687 sp016297845
s__Bog-1198 sp021785405
s__PUPG01 sp003559735
s__CALUVH01 sp944326465
s__Synechococcus_C sp001040845
s__Acinetobacter sp019038395
s__CABHON01 sp021848965
s__Flagellimonas chongwuensis
s__O2-FULL-52-10 sp001805645
s__RUG727 sp900321795
s__CALXQQ01 sp944390775
s__Prevotella sp017548525
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280515
s__C7867-001 sp018969385
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687735
s__JAMWBQ01 sp023819315
s__Collinsella sp900539735
s__JAIBAI01 sp019695235
s__SLTB01 sp007130155
s__Streptomyces kanamyceticus
s__Pumilibacter sp947089425
s__Corynebacterium camporealense
s__Litoreibacter sp938030665
s__GCA-016432625 sp016432625
s__Smithella sp017993615
s__JAGBWK01 sp947174635
s__JAKPMW01 sp029548715
s__UBA7326 sp002709155
s__UBA9216 sp016839055
s__GCA-002793355 sp002793355
s__RGIG3701 sp017408405
s__Parasynechococcus sp003210735
s__JAJEFO01 sp009843725
s__Runella limosa
s__Hyphomonas polymorpha
s__Pseudomonas sp000955805
s__Fournierella merdigallinarum
s__Hyphomonas jannaschiana
s__Leucobacter chromiiresistens
s__Collinsella sp900549345
s__Aquimarina sp947498815
s__Microbacterium halophytorum
s__Hydrogenophaga sp018903185
s__Mesorhizobium silamurunense
s__Pelagibacter_A sp003213555
s__SKKC01 sp007121695
s__RGIG1476 sp017413255
s__Trichodesmium sp010672385
s__Bradyrhizobium canariense
s__Acidithrix ferrooxidans
s__JADMIL01 sp021780755
s__Falsiruegeria mediterranea
s__Pseudomonas_K guangdongensis
s__Faecisoma sp934169415
s__UBA2912 sp902787905
s__Rhodopila sp027353465
s__SHYN01 sp009692785
s__JAAZBK01 sp016702505
s__CALUVN01 sp944324135
s__JAJZQZ01 sp021802965
s__UBA7185 sp902492275
s__BM524 sp002869365
s__Dyella japonica_C
s__T1SED10-26 sp003554145
s__UBA6055 sp026707225
s__Coproplasma sp947175485
s__CAKVNM01 sp934749845
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_AB
s__Collinsella sp900548515
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp905214175
s__Sphingomonas sp021732445
s__JAQUQO01 sp028716045
s__JACQBW01 sp016194305
s__Limisoma sp944321725
s__Sediminibacterium sp009924165
s__JAQUJQ01 sp028680875
s__WRGC01 sp009787385
s__2-02-FULL-35-15 sp001784585
s__Mycobacterium cookii
s__RUG11257 sp017529425
s__VSOB01 sp948472525
s__Planktophila sp003569265
s__Limimorpha sp947164955
s__FEB-35 sp003105225
s__Limiplasma sp022769795
s__Ureibacillus sinduriensis
s__UBA9611 sp002697005
s__Clostridium sartagoforme_B
s__Aquiluna sp028144365
s__Nocardia pseudobrasiliensis
s__Thermophilibacter sp944321005
s__Pseudonocardia thermophila
s__Enterousia sp944392565
s__Xanthomonas codiaei
s__Pullibacteroides sp947175635
s__Arcanobacterium wilhelmae
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium sp003510745
s__CAG-1000 sp934085595
s__Caballeronia crenata
s__UBA7109 sp948441955
s__RUG592 sp017418905
s__Paenibacillus durus_B
s__UBA1715 sp017618935
s__AG-337-I02 sp902603095
s__Lepagella sp947177015
s__Lentilactobacillus sunkii
s__HTCC2207 sp029254005
s__Mesorhizobium_G denitrificans
s__Palsa-883 sp003151425
s__UBA9848 sp003454065
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_A
s__UBA5072 sp016934055
s__UBA8260 sp003170875
s__Microbacterium sp003626735
s__Gloeomargarita sp927797885
s__GCA-002697625 sp002710495
s__Onthousia sp944331935
s__Methylobacter_C sp903873045
s__Ruthenibacterium sp014799685
s__CAG-964 sp902772795
s__Paraliobacillus_A quinghaiensis
s__Cellulophaga sp019278565
s__Nitrosomonas aestuarii
s__DAHUYF01 sp027315365
s__SXXK01 sp903921605
s__Gramella echinicola
s__UMGS1271 sp947570175
s__JAQUGH01 sp028684195
s__CAG-245 sp944386665
s__UMGS1820 sp900769795
s__UBA10015 sp016214285
s__Marinirhabdus sp002707745
s__Cryptobacteroides sp022774085
s__JABEVA01 sp021852275
s__Avilachnospira sp944381405
s__DUVM01 sp012520095
s__Rubrobacter_F sp030448125
s__Nostoc sp017115105
s__Sodalis_A praecaptivus
s__Prevotella sp905236165
s__Janibacter sp024362365
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002344525
s__Alteriqipengyuania lutimaris
s__UBA2392 sp003576915
s__Streptomyces sp000717915
s__Dysosmobacter sp900544955
s__GWC2-37-13 sp021789865
s__JADGAN01 sp015231955
s__Puia sp002413325
s__Metamycoplasma zalophi_A
s__Aquisediminimonas godavariana
s__Microbacterium ureisolvens_A
s__UBA1568 sp001784695
s__UBA10108 sp003545435
s__Brevundimonas vancanneytii_A
s__Psychrosphaera haliotis
s__Pedobacter suwonensis
s__CAG-269 sp934133175
s__Enterocola sp904502115
s__GCA-012562765 sp012570365
s__JACKPB01 sp947458405
s__Levilactobacillus brevis_B
s__Nitrospira_D sp002869855
s__QYQL01 sp020718585
s__CAG-568 sp002437105
s__UMGS1696 sp902761695
s__CALFPJ01 sp937919655
s__HIMB59 sp902575065
s__JAMLGR01 sp023957775
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900108875
s__Phenylobacterium sp001557235
s__Pediococcus acidilactici_A
s__CF-13 sp005880605
s__Clostridioides_A mangenotii_A
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030693335
s__WGBN01 sp027030635
s__Aquincola tertiaricarbonis_A
s__Aquicultor primus
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389075
s__Flagellimonas sp010993855
s__JAAWPK01 sp947575745
s__Microbacterium sp900156435
s__CALJXB01 sp937974415
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003060885
s__GCA-2719675 sp002719675
s__Aestuariimicrobium kwangyangense
s__Collinsella sp900760325
s__GCA-2724215 sp015660315
s__Scatousia sp944324285
s__PNNF01 sp013824085
s__SXKJ01 sp005778115
s__Onthovivens sp944358755
s__MEDG-81 sp902627595
s__VBDM01 sp005882235
s__Amycolatopsis rhizosphaerae
s__Bacteroides fragilis_B
s__Bacteroides sp944321495
s__DRJF01 sp011052375
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_X
s__Cellulomonas sp009779195
s__Dyella_B nitratireducens
s__Bartonella_B tamiae
s__Boseongicola sp905479635
s__Akkermansia sp904501955
s__Wagnerdoeblera megaterium
s__Pararhizobium sp900474095
s__Parvibaculum sp002694985
s__GCA-2862085 sp913058555
s__Zhengella sp020637775
s__Colwellia sp002162675
s__Bilophila sp023403845
s__AV69 sp003220155
s__Treponema_F sp017623685
s__Vibrio comitans
s__RUG806 sp017517135
s__UBA1188 sp900318975
s__Faecousia sp945877365
s__Neorhizobium sp900472395
s__UBA3774 sp017455435
s__Thermus thalpophilus
s__Pseudomonas_E sp005938045
s__Enterousia sp905234465
s__SKTG01 sp007121785
s__Butyrivibrio sp017940685
s__CAKTWY01 sp934630445
s__Brevibacillus_C massiliensis
s__Sneathiella sp024743055
s__JAAYUI01 sp017992555
s__2-01-FULL-49-10 sp001771275
s__Polaromonas sp030683705
s__UBA3747 sp017454915
s__Mycobacterium peregrinum_B
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324735
s__S144-34 sp015494165
s__Collinsella sp905197595
s__Desulfocapsa sp018817385
s__Nesterenkonia aurantiaca
s__Caccovivens sp944376495
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020635695
s__Sediminibacterium sp013205585
s__Rubrivivax gelatinosus
s__Bombella pluederhausensis
s__Propioniciclava massiliense
s__TMED96 sp002171475
s__Edaphocola sp001897155
s__WYBJ01 sp011525945
s__Micropruina sp027492755
s__Campylobacter_D sp020135845
s__UBA1550 sp001871765
s__UBA3282 sp947174705
s__GCA-2747955 sp023143935
s__DYRR01 sp020718605
s__Desulfoprunum benzoelyticum
s__Sphingomonas sp021043365
s__Prevotella sp947072805
s__Flavobacterium arcticum
s__RGIG4057 sp947177515
s__Fictibacillus phosphorivorans_C
s__Aeromicrobium piscarium
s__Deinococcus betulae
s__RUG11872 sp902773425
s__JASJEX01 sp030067705
s__DP16D-bin41 sp903896925
s__UBA11654 sp002691465
s__Aquisalinus luteolus
s__Arthrobacter sp014217545
s__JAAYUH01 sp012517755
s__Sedimentibacter sp002385835
s__Cognataquiflexum gelatinilyticum
s__GSPS2-BC2016 sp002904345
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_Q
s__JAAYBF01 sp030448005
s__Lysobacter_F thermophilum
s__JAHDHU01 sp938015805
s__Acetobacter farinalis
s__CAG-1000 sp934088535
s__BS750m-G77 sp016782485
s__Rectinema sp015657395
s__Collinsella sp900762405
s__Vibrio sp014596725
s__Gelidibacter algens
s__D2472 sp902623685
s__GCA-2730975 sp905612515
s__Chromulinivorax sp018062405
s__Qipengyuania sp029688625
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947447975
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BI
s__Helicobacter_A sp029264655
s__Palsa-881 sp027452265
s__GCA-2737725 sp947476925
s__CAIVAT01 sp903926565
s__Limenecus sp944326555
s__CALRGE01 sp943357175
s__Legionella maioricensis
s__AC-37 sp005885165
s__Treponema_D sp017553635
s__Corynebacterium capitovis
s__ASP10-02a sp024686035
s__Streptosporangium becharense
s__Fulvimonas soli
s__SXKJ01 sp005798445
s__M3007 sp937980645
s__UBA3571 sp002011425
s__Fen-1298 sp003142575
s__CALWHE01 sp944380295
s__MADRE2 sp004796375
s__Comamonas sp030064165
s__Streptomyces phaeoluteigriseus
s__Shewanella holmiensis
s__Fen-1362 sp003170415
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946407065
s__CAG-1252 sp002371075
s__Faecimorpha sp944376225
s__UMGS1781 sp944390405
s__Pullibacteroides sp947174375
s__Nitrincola alkalisediminis
s__Aureimonas_A sp001425485
s__Poriferisocius sp022826705
s__Mycobacterium flavescens
s__CmP2 sp029637705
s__Suilimivivens sp934408585
s__HTCC2207 sp024644585
s__Achromobacter kerstersii
s__Croceivirga_A lutea
s__Paenibacillus_G sp900101595
s__S141-70 sp015490395
s__Acidovorax delafieldii_C
s__Thermosynechococcus vestitus
s__Salinicola halophyticus
s__Ferruginibacter sp947483345
s__CAG-873 sp947177365
s__Sphingopyxis sp001427105
s__Sediminimonas qiaohouensis
s__Cnuella takakiae
s__Luminiphilus sp002862405
s__VXOZ01 sp022824225
s__GCA-2717925 sp002717925
s__UBA8687 sp002697825
s__JACKHO01 sp020638955
s__Holtiella sp900551325
s__S016-38 sp015486055
s__GCA-2722105 sp913045415
s__CAJJAM01 sp937773605
s__Duodenibacillus sp944390715
s__JARLHS01 sp031292115
s__Streptomyces sp002300165
s__JACCZZ01 sp016704325
s__HO2-39-17 sp001817425
s__CAMFJH01 sp945956915
s__Hymenobacter armeniacus
s__CAG-1782 sp944372095
s__Gottfriedia solisilvae
s__DRKI01 sp026987195
s__Flavobacterium sp002320285
s__Acetatifactor sp949840935
s__UBA8530 sp003503675
s__Akkermansia sp017435505
s__CAISGS01 sp947452665
s__Ensifer_A sp900466575
s__CAG-465 sp934130325
s__Bact-11 sp017443845
s__Limimorpha sp902799345
s__Occallatibacter sp028873155
s__Sodaliphilus sp017454355
s__Faecalicoccus sp944325745
s__GCA-2746235 sp027623295
s__RUG592 sp900317025
s__Azospirillum formosense
s__Azospirillum lipoferum
s__Novosphingobium sp902706195
s__Vibrio tritonius
s__UBA644 sp934454405
s__Streptomyces chattanoogensis
s__JADFJS01 sp022566155
s__Roseococcus sp019083995
s__CANNIJ01 sp947505025
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp007120575
s__GCA-002787255 sp002787255
s__JADJTT01 sp016711045
s__UBA2766 sp002352645
s__UTBCD1 sp002066995
s__GCA-016700335 sp016700335
s__Scatosoma sp900769545
s__UBA5200 sp016928955
s__Ruminococcus_F sp015066905
s__Novosphingobium lindaniclasticum
s__Palsa-465 sp019244745
s__Cycloclasticus sp002292375
s__CAIXRL01 sp903921835
s__Caballeronia udeis
s__CAMCTV01 sp945878635
s__Eikenella longinqua
s__Modestobacter versicolor
s__Bacteroides sp944322365
s__SpSt-77 sp937942115
s__Paeniglutamicibacter sulfureus
s__Xaviernesmea rhizosphaerae
s__JAKACU01 sp021820975
s__JADJDQ01 sp016702605
s__RUG563 sp902801765
s__Streptomyces marincola
s__DTU059 sp023415825
s__Palsa-513 sp003157595
s__Variovorax sp000282635
s__Bariatricus sp905216215
s__Desulfurobacterium_A sp000421485
s__CALWKX01 sp944381375
s__CALAZZ01 sp018400955
s__CAINMH01 sp903850745
s__Lentimicrobium sp016705005
s__Thermoanaerobaculum sp025060245
s__DYFB01 sp020725405
s__2-02-FULL-58-16 sp001830425
s__CAG-267 sp944392315
s__Pseudomonas_E urmiensis
s__Scatavimonas sp900540865
s__Quinella sp946408355
s__Brevundimonas sp003241825
s__Phyllobacterium ifriqiyense
s__Lysobacter_A helvus
s__Wolbachia sp012277315
s__Palsa-870 sp003169845
s__Microbacterium neungamense
s__Cryptobacteroides sp022771245
s__BMS3ABIN03 sp022562275
s__GCA-002691585 sp002690495
s__RUG420 sp017476565
s__Paenibacillus antarcticus
s__UBA8653 sp002168105
s__HRBIN36 sp025056555
s__WGAI01 sp015489175
s__UMGS882 sp017959195
s__Marinobacter_A bohaiensis
s__UBA952 sp002683585
s__CAJQQY01 sp029251525
s__Paraglaciecola marina
s__Otariodibacter oris
s__JACPFJ01 sp001824455
s__Methylomicrobium agile
s__Luteolibacter sp027486655
s__O2-12-FULL-27-8 sp001796155
s__Bact-11 sp017430365
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902790475
s__Streptomyces sp026340885
s__Pseudomonas_E sp025837155
s__Gracilimonas sp002696035
s__Ruminococcus sp017534835
s__Flavobacterium sp903469665
s__Bacteroides sp014750685
s__UBA1254 sp003542415
s__UBA1711 sp902774845
s__Collinsella sp900544425
s__JAGWUP01 sp028868375
s__Bacillus_BA fengqiuensis
s__Acidiluteibacter ferrifornacis
s__Spiroplasma_D platyhelix
s__Slackia equolifaciens
s__T3Sed10-11 sp003567775
s__Glaciecola pallidula
s__Dyella_B caseinilytica
s__Citrobacter portucalensis_A
s__Vibrio viridaestus
s__CAJFPI01 sp947383645
s__Pseudorhodobacter ferrugineus
s__Solibacillus sp003073375
s__Denitrobacterium detoxificans
s__Novosphingobium sp947451875
s__DULV01 sp012840505
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233725
s__Klebsiella sp002270295
s__JADJOV01 sp016713585
s__Motilimonas sp021278025
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017480495
s__Auribacter fodinae
s__CAADGU01 sp900696625
s__Prevotella sp902789415
s__CAG-269 sp002372935
s__Saccharofermentans sp017427465
s__Spyradenecus sp944391065
s__Caccousia sp944380675
s__Nitratiruptor sp009659895
s__CAIJPD01 sp903822495
s__Limousia sp944380855
s__UBA6192 sp002422725
s__Rhodoblastus acidophilus_A
s__Dysosmobacter sp946551795
s__Microbulbifer flavimaris
s__Coproplasma sp944358655
s__RDZD01 sp004293815
s__Galliscardovia simiarum
s__Phenylobacterium sp025934275
s__Pusillimonas_B soli
s__Faecalibacterium sp934512105
s__Thermoflavifilum aggregans
s__Rhodobium sp002869065
s__Pseudooceanicola marinus
s__MarineAlpha4-Bin1 sp002937525
s__Scatovivens sp947648495
s__Flavobacterium reichenbachii
s__Rufibacter glacialis
s__Salibaculum griseiflavum
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp001006785
s__JALYUS01 sp025928215
s__NK3A76 sp902787365
s__CAG-791 sp902783385
s__Mycoplasmopsis_B pulmonis
s__Agathobacter sp029008875
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017546175
s__JAJZWV01 sp021846505
s__E44-bin52 sp004375875
s__Leuconostoc sp900554745
s__Accumulibacter sp000585055
s__Nodosilinea sp003564835
s__Casimicrobium sp004293675
s__JAJYJS01 sp021789215
s__Collinsella sp900553415
s__ISDg sp002479645
s__Paralachnospira_A sangeri
s__CAG-273 sp934168365
s__UBA7488 sp002477185
s__Otoolea sp944381615
s__Onishia taeanensis
s__Collinsella sp900552395
s__CAILRJ01 sp010365165
s__Isoptericola sp031181105
s__Cyclonatronum proteinivorum
s__Pseudobacteriovorax antillogorgiicola
s__UBA10151 sp001777455
s__Zag111 sp905215335
s__Arthrobacter sp900537115
s__Parasynechococcus sp003210375
s__Limosilactobacillus merdipullorum
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000296215
s__Streptomyces lasiicapitis
s__T3SED10-7 sp003564505
s__UBA7867 sp944383295
s__Flavobacterium indicum_A
s__Accumulibacter proximus
s__Enteromonas sp949296775
s__UBA228 sp002402635
s__Bog-1340 sp003142075
s__CAIWVZ01 sp945860915
s__Polaromonas sp947460065
s__GCA-2709565 sp002709565
s__JAIXWP01 sp027491075
s__JAADFS01 sp015491705
s__CADAEX01 sp017535435
s__Propionivibrio dominans
s__UBA1794 sp944320955
s__Rhizobium sp900469085
s__JAJPKK01 sp030037185
s__Palleronia sp900609015
s__Ruminococcus sp029055625
s__ELB16-189 sp013285945
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003283415
s__Erythrobacter litoralis
s__Fen-1135 sp903893135
s__Acinetobacter sp008017315
s__Acidovorax sp022763525
s__Alkalicoccus sp003560495
s__Sneathiella chinensis
s__Pumilibacter sp029069015
s__RGIG3040 sp023664735
s__Bacteroides sp945641355
s__Caballeronia sp022879575
s__2-02-FULL-45-11 sp001817685
s__Brachybacterium merdavium
s__Limenecus sp944322545
s__Collinsella sp900542305
s__Bipolaricaulis sibiricus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902795735
s__Nocardiopsis lucentensis
s__HTCC2207 sp913031645
s__Williamsia_A herbipolensis
s__Coproplasma sp029052615
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902598525
s__Rhodobacter_F sp020250175
s__UMGS1858 sp900555705
s__JAADCZ01 sp015493475
s__Intestinimonas stercorigallinarum
s__CAKTXU01 sp934615635
s__UBA8231 sp002726335
s__Faecimonas sp944372055
s__JAEELC01 sp016288675
s__RUG730 sp900321865
s__Prevotella sp900321965
s__Prevotella sp002371695
s__JAEZIX01 sp023415935
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021794595
s__JACZWU01 sp022564135
s__Loktanella gaetbuli
s__Aved-18 sp016699165
s__Glaciecola marinus
s__Fibrobacter sp024398995
s__MED-G13 sp902510415
s__UBA3818 sp944382905
s__2-01-FULL-38-21 sp001782085
s__Anaerostipes sp905213305
s__Oleispira sp002632185
s__Vibrio sp026241515
s__Albitalea sp905339355
s__UBA6264 sp002452615
s__Collinsella sp928722055
s__Bacteroides sp944320735
s__Quadrisphaera granulorum
s__Mycobacterium sp020438785
s__JABWBA01 sp013360745
s__Tabrizicola sp018057165
s__Fervidibacter sp025060205
s__Sedimentibacter saalensis
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902594745
s__Granulicatella sp015264885
s__Nocardioides sp030466625
s__Streptomyces heilongjiangensis
s__Pseudoclavibacter_C endophyticus
s__Streptomyces spirodelae
s__Georgenia subflava
s__Arachnia massiliensis_A
s__JAGOEY01 sp017997515
s__JAEZAS01 sp023430365
s__Nitrospira_A sp017986555
s__RGIG4930 sp017470735
s__Collinsella sp900551665
s__Butyrivibrio sp017446685
s__NCED01 sp002280485
s__Litorimonas sp937929915
s__JAKADD01 sp021846285
s__Pseudidiomarina salinarum
s__Roseovarius sp947499555
s__Rhodococcus sp000813105
s__UBA10939 sp002408385
s__Butyrivibrio hungatei
s__JAQTOB01 sp028713575
s__Bradyrhizobium liaoningense_B
s__UBA1096 sp002721375
s__RUG14515 sp902801805
s__Actinoplanes xinjiangensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902575785
s__C7867-002 sp903905325
s__JAFAGO01 sp023422635
s__Ornithinimicrobium pekingense
s__Inconstantimicrobium porci
s__Granulicatella elegans
s__DRLX01 sp024280455
s__Mobilitalea sp012518975
s__UBA4427 sp020632655
s__Rhodococcus sp001647195
s__Lysinibacillus agricola
s__SIG424 sp017517275
s__RYN-140 sp025963185
s__Aeromonas aquatica
s__JAHDBV01 sp020629695
s__Streptomyces shenzhenensis
s__CAG-793 sp930986425
s__Actinotalea carbonis
s__Meiothermus sp025056915
s__Arthrobacter sp900106835
s__UBA1562 sp002322525
s__UBA9862 sp003605065
s__Spongiisocius sp009838635
s__Bacillus sp010093085
s__JAGLXC01 sp023133095
s__RDXZ01 sp004293265
s__JAAYIK01 sp012523465
s__SHYG01 sp009692925
s__GCA-2708415 sp002708415
s__Anaerotardibacter sp958410215
s__Vescimonas sp934590325
s__JAHIQC01 sp018902765
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947565875
s__Nocardia coubleae
s__Neoclostridium sp934229275
s__Nitrosomonas sp018240285
s__Streptomyces sp026341855
s__UBA7703 sp002482505
s__JAAVZI01 sp022791575
s__MS024-2A sp029243165
s__UBA4767 sp002403385
s__Arenicella sp947499305
s__4572-104 sp023132365
s__Telluria kyonggiensis
s__CAG-448 sp017503325
s__Thermincola ferriacetica
s__UBA5420 sp012518325
s__RUG762 sp900322085
s__RUG13409 sp017523605
s__CSP1-5 sp012974305
s__UBA6944 sp002448715
s__Bovifimicola sp022794265
s__RGIG8773 sp029067895
s__Azoarcus sp012911025
s__Priestia_D taiwanensis
s__JAAWPK01 sp022799935
s__B11-G9 sp003641695
s__Collinsella sp900554495
s__UBA7862 sp944381205
s__Leptospira_B haakeii
s__Marinacidobacterium sp002238705
s__Marinospirillum insulare
s__SHAN690 sp023262195
s__Pelethomonas sp944387775
s__Corynebacterium glyciniphilum
s__JADIYM01 sp021463145
s__Collinsella sp900556515
s__Bin76 sp028824015
s__JACRCG01 sp028683855
s__JJ008 sp016719815
s__Streptomyces exfoliatus
s__Pelagibacter sp902558445
s__CAG-177 sp017623615
s__Faecousia sp002436765
s__SURF-21 sp028697145
s__Lentzea jiangxiensis
s__UBA6614 sp002721895
s__Paraburkholderia agricolaris
s__UBA8087 sp002171655
s__Prevotella sp017475005
s__Pelagibacter sp902555065
s__Cupriavidus sp001725945
s__Aquiluna sp021741585
s__Hominicoprocola sp934553255
s__UBA1361 sp002069815
s__Fructobacillus parabroussonetiae
s__Ga0074140 sp001464115
s__Clavibacter sp003576405
s__Parasynechococcus sp000012505
s__Enterovibrio nigricans
s__JAKCCV01 sp021786455
s__Duganella sp900100205
s__Risungbinella massiliensis
s__Shimia sp024224295
s__Streptomyces sp001941845
s__Desulfovibrio sp000403945
s__HIMB59 sp902594145
s__UBA9926 sp002728935
s__Palsa-1315 sp016219645
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp027484605
s__Spirosoma sordidisoli
s__JAJZBA01 sp021799155
s__B2-G16 sp003650505
s__Butyribacter sp947644195
s__AAA044-D11 sp945863115
s__Gulosibacter sp916618895
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AB
s__Dehalobacter sp009910795
s__Firm-16 sp024695545
s__CAG-269 sp944393365
s__Knoellia flava
s__CAG-492 sp900557195
s__Erythrobacter sp947500645
s__Galbitalea sp030840335
s__Dokdonia sp000355805
s__UBA4615 sp020248665
s__UBA2126 sp002713385
s__UBA6249 sp018812825
s__UBA5066 sp017999215
s__UBA1412 sp002305615
s__Eperythrozoon_A suis
s__UBA8438 sp005778315
s__GCA-002715885 sp002689735
s__HRBIN32 sp938028835
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp947090635
s__HIMB59 sp902610255
s__SOJS01 sp004376435
s__Gallimonas sp029060985
s__Streptomyces umbrinus_A
s__MS024-2A sp002167525
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp024230315
s__CALGGB01 sp027592745
s__Micromonospora antibiotica
s__SNAP01 sp022496785
s__UBA7185 sp017383785
s__R2A130 sp013214695
s__Idiomarina fontislapidosi
s__ARS1224 sp002688155
s__IMCC26077 sp002284915
s__Dysosmobacter sp950097035
s__Prevotella sp944321645
s__CAJFUH01 sp022799115
s__Hymenobacter properus
s__Paracraurococcus ruber
s__Dyella_B mobilis
s__Bact-11 sp017992915
s__UBA868 sp016845525
s__Vitreimonas sp016791325
s__UBA5893 sp944381225
s__Aristaeella sp900321945
s__Bifidobacterium sp002298605
s__Palsa-744 sp021792455
s__JAVEDG01 sp030841245
s__Alloprevotella sp905216095
s__Lacimicrobium alkaliphilum
s__Pelagibacter sp902611845
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001830395
s__JAQUQM01 sp028716085
s__Fumia xinanensis
s__Oceanithermus profundus_A
s__Ensifer sp002002725
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp019247195
s__Nitrospira_D sp002083555
s__Flagellimonas hadalis
s__Zag111 sp944325095
s__UBA12079 sp018894995
s__JAFARE01 sp019245575
s__Marinobacter sp002563885
s__RUG472 sp902802575
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017408635
s__CAIWKO01 sp903916135
s__Hesperobacter lustricola
s__RUG440 sp900318935
s__Promineifilum sp018058545
s__Paeniglutamicibacter gangotriensis
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp900100545
s__Pseudovibrio sp001623075
s__CALVJO01 sp944332525
s__DRTT01 sp011372105
s__Chryseobacterium sp003815715
s__Pseudomonas sp014852585
s__Olleya sp002831645
s__Granulicatella sp902479935
s__DRQN01 sp021647505
s__JABJKO01 sp018660305
s__QAKS01 sp003343685
s__JACKCC01 sp024762395
s__Huintestinicola sp947175005
s__CAIKHN01 sp943359525
s__Metabacillus schmidteae
s__UBA3210 sp945929875
s__Algoriphagus antarcticus
s__Micromonospora_E sp029626105
s__JAGLWU01 sp023133275
s__Fimisoma sp944382925
s__Micromonospora sp004348325
s__Ancylobacter dichloromethanicus
s__Lutibacter sp013041805
s__Kouleothrix sp018266315
s__UBA1213 sp900320925
s__Geomicrobium_A sp000698145
s__Aphodousia gallistercoris
s__CAIOJG01 sp903858555
s__Nocardia alba
s__UBA3076 sp013138705
s__Streptomyces sp014451325
s__Desulfosarcina ovata
s__JABHGC01 sp018672285
s__Vibrio astriarenae
s__Dysosmobacter sp910587875
s__Flavobacterium endoglycinae
s__UBA5633 sp017992335
s__Caulobacter flavus
s__Desulfovibrio legallii_A
s__JACXVD01 sp014763545
s__UBA1756 sp016288655
s__SURF-13 sp023381235
s__UBA1738 sp934487205
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp026989175
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp945877865
s__Azophilus sp026709365
s__Coprousia sp002161805
s__Fimicola sp019415525
s__UBA10166 sp001799695
s__Allosediminivita pacifica
s__Collinsella sp937925735
s__20CM-2-70-11 sp003221695
s__Maribacter_B sp947496775
s__Alloprevotella sp017477205
s__UBA3766 sp017624855
s__Ligilactobacillus ruminis_A
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_G
s__Flavobacterium sp947478365
s__Tibeticola sp013693755
s__JASLPY01 sp030744755
s__UBA7868 sp002501285
s__Nitratifractor sp015488535
s__Magnetospirillum moscoviense
s__Brachyspira sp934747485
s__Metamycoplasma struthionis
s__RUG11198 sp029100965
s__CAG-1000 sp934102215
s__MED-G20 sp002457645
s__JAAZFE01 sp028681135
s__ECT2AJA-044 sp021296215
s__Pelagibacter ubique_E
s__AG-410-N11 sp003265895
s__DTU012 sp012520795
s__UBA5214 sp002412545
s__Pasteurella oralis
s__Conexibacter sp030646155
s__Pullichristensenella stercoripullorum
s__JAILLW01 sp024681595
s__Collinsella sp958347405
s__Enterousia sp029051085
s__CAINXC01 sp028293175
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp029070965
s__RUG410 sp902763905
s__Faecalibacterium sp934561485
s__CAINDO01 sp023150895
s__JAFARW01 sp019245275
s__UBA8108 sp002695115
s__Lustribacter telmatis
s__Brachybacterium fresconis
s__Aldehydirespirator sp022819505
s__JAKAJF01 sp021813875
s__Rhodococcus corynebacterioides_A
s__WRBW01 sp009779855
s__Vagococcus penaei
s__JAADEQ01 sp947311565
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp030743005
s__Endozoicomonas sp017744115
s__Ruminiclostridium josui
s__UBA868 sp913031305
s__Pseudoalteromonas espejiana
s__Alectryocaccobium sp017433825
s__Clostridium_S guangxiense
s__JAKJBW01 sp022706785
s__Streptomyces sp013362785
s__UBA8612 sp017416765
s__Avilachnospira sp944381485
s__Methylocystis rosea_A
s__Mycobacterium sp018326285
s__Sterolibacterium sp018062105
s__AG-422-B15 sp003282175
s__Mesorhizobium sp006658505
s__Clostridium_S pasteurianum_A
s__Streptomyces sp015999245
s__UBA11869 sp002698845
s__Lysobacter_C defluvii
s__Mycetohabitans endofungorum
s__Luminiphilus sp011524755
s__Luteolibacter muciniphilus_A
s__Alistipes sp029059935
s__QY30 sp020622085
s__Butyrivibrio sp900103635
s__Cohnella thailandensis
s__Phocaeicola sp900552645
s__CAMCSH01 sp945877655
s__Emergencia sp944388465
s__Faecousia sp944387625
s__SYFR01 sp005800325
s__RGIG1666 sp017399695
s__RGIG577 sp017419325
s__CAG-269 sp948485625
s__Halopseudomonas phragmitis
s__RSA7 sp002919195
s__Marinobacter litoralis
s__Zymobacter palmae
s__JADKKF01 sp016720635
s__JADJWR01 sp937936215
s__CAIWHF01 sp945872085
s__Pedobacter panaciterrae
s__Halobacteriovorax marinus_A
s__MFDM01 sp001776905
s__Burkholderia ambifaria_A
s__CADCWN01 sp030446685
s__JAGUWE01 sp020062525
s__4484-49 sp002085265
s__AAA240-E13 sp003209225
s__Stutzerimonas oligotrophica
s__Enterenecus stercoripullorum
s__JACSRS01 sp014879655
s__UBA9845 sp003453435
s__CAIQEU01 sp903918025
s__Aquabacterium sp004322345
s__2-12-FULL-55-11 sp001788925
s__UBA3478 sp016780435
s__Vogesella sp000335715
s__Shinella granuli
s__Streptococcus oralis_K
s__PHOS-HE28 sp023412755
s__UBA1081 sp021200555
s__2-01-FULL-39-21 sp001792305
s__Cardinium sp007559345
s__Corynebacterium halotolerans
s__JdFR-85 sp015492645
s__Sedimentibacter sp017995755
s__UBA7862 sp944381235
s__Ochrobactrum_A sp018798825
s__Gordonia hydrophobica
s__QYQL01 sp014879575
s__UBA11490 sp934754355
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903916555
s__CAG-269 sp944390535
s__UBA6857 sp016290665
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007135335
s__UBA1267 sp902803345
s__Marinicella litoralis
s__GCA-2685965 sp002685965
s__Parasynechococcus sp003208975
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AT
s__S009-33 sp015489035
s__Nitratifractor sp015491955
s__COE1 sp017622845
s__V1-33 sp947462995
s__UBA6857 sp002451715
s__UBA2995 sp938075565
s__Faecisoma sp944363895
s__JAGLWI01 sp023133515
s__Oceanidesulfovibrio marinus
s__Chryseobacterium sp006829085
s__B68-G16 sp003647945
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017541035
s__JACJXW01 sp020636435
s__Vibrio orientalis
s__Avimonas sp002410715
s__CAAEEV01 sp011038975
s__Spirillospora violacea
s__Collinsella sp900765115
s__S143-82 sp015494585
s__Nitrosomonas mobilis
s__JAUZOH01 sp030706565
s__Gemmata massiliana
s__QVMG01 sp029892605
s__Paenibacillus cookii
s__PXAH01 sp021735105
s__Thermoclostridium_A caenicola
s__HR10 sp937934295
s__Alteromonas confluentis
s__UBA1067 sp017542055
s__CAIXFN01 sp903918755
s__Pelagibacter sp902560565
s__CAG-791 sp002372815
s__Albidovulum sp020446815
s__Pelagibacter sp902560585
s__Pectobacterium colocasium
s__Acinetobacter portensis
s__Zobellella denitrificans
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002303925
s__UBA2214 sp029560815
s__Blastomonas sp000786215
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_Y
s__UBA7109 sp947566645
s__Specibacter alpinus
s__UBA2279 sp016938135
s__Microvirga sp031181145
s__JAJRRC01 sp024279865
s__Treponema_D sp016297405
s__Enteromonas sp017479485
s__JAMLGM01 sp023957975
s__Phytoplasma solani
s__TMED48 sp937920185
s__DTU089 sp904501675
s__CAG-269 sp944393375
s__Mixta gaviniae
s__Streptomyces spinoverrucosus
s__Leptospira_B perolatii
s__Nocardioides sp014265965
s__JAKATT01 sp021791795
s__Udaeobacter sp003218415
s__Kangiella sp947503345
s__Pseudooceanicola endophyticus
s__Polynucleobacter sp947448695
s__JACKCR01 sp020633975
s__67-14 sp903891285
s__Alistipes sp029068505
s__HO2-45-28 sp001819395
s__Fredricksoniimonas sp903959815
s__Mawsoniella australis
s__Moraxella sp916720335
s__Prevotella sp937922435
s__UBA2166 sp002328825
s__JAEYTB01 sp023434205
s__Nocardioides sp013815725
s__Paremcibacter sp021647465
s__Alloprevotella sp018066245
s__Casp-actino5 sp012269985
s__Prevotella sp947174945
s__UBA4951 sp944375905
s__Bact-11 sp028691975
s__Endozoicomonas sp027366395
s__Pelagibacter sp003282825
s__Prevotella sp017474925
s__MGBC163016 sp910580205
s__Coproplasma sp944330115
s__JAEYLA01 sp023435025
s__Corynebacterium aquatimens
s__Roseicyclus marinus
s__Dokdonia sp947503305
s__RAAP-2 sp003132165
s__Onthomonas sp021201475
s__E29-bin54 sp004376695
s__Caccovivens sp944372335
s__HB2-32-21 sp003645535
s__B1SED10-74M sp007121075
s__JABZFP01 sp030066135
s__CAG-533 sp934090795
s__Mesobacillus sp018613195
s__Flavobacterium sp018335925
s__JAPPHA01 sp026707935
s__Mesorhizobium loti_B
s__Fictibacillus phosphorivorans_A
s__Faecousia sp017543225
s__UBA2174 sp011042305
s__Microlunatus sp030452945
s__Thermomicrobium sp938028665
s__Acetatifactor sp002368865
s__Amniculibacterium aquaticum
s__Scatousia sp944323675
s__Mobilitalea hemicellulosilytica
s__Brevundimonas sp013912065
s__CAG-177 sp017403185
s__Alterileibacterium massiliense
s__JAGOUA01 sp018061485
s__Aerosticca soli
s__Methylomirabilis sp002634395
s__JAGLCW01 sp028700655
s__Parabacteroides sp902493135
s__JAEWFD01 sp023388995
s__Curtobacterium pusillum_A
s__GMQP-bins7 sp013817555
s__Lawsonibacter sp900763995
s__Mycobacterium parakoreense
s__GCA-2712005 sp950054155
s__Roseibium denhamense
s__Acaricomes phytoseiuli
s__Actinosynnema coeruleofuscum
s__Lactobacillus sp947641735
s__Sphingomonas_E sp002151445
s__Enterousia sp944389185
s__Ferruginibacter pinensis_C
s__Cellulomonas_A timonensis
s__Borrelia sp021165755
s__Bacteroides sp029057325
s__CAG-793 sp934130085
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris_C
s__UBA2868 sp902803305
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031282625
s__Rhodococcus sp004345605
s__Amycolatopsis pretoriensis
s__Faecimonas sp944371995
s__Frederiksenia canicola
s__Paucibacter_A toxinivorans_A
s__Donghicola tyrosinivorans
s__UBA1711 sp902762805
s__Hornefia minuta
s__UBA1067 sp002321305
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947448105
s__JADFZZ01 sp015232315
s__Rhizobium sp004341105
s__Kitasatospora novaecaesareae
s__QPIN01 sp021647585
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_E
s__Dialister sp937959425
s__21-64-14 sp002255365
s__Boseongicola sp014075275
s__UBA3263 sp947177135
s__Shewanella saliphila
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp029257405
s__UBA9973 sp903888625
s__Echinicola pacifica
s__SBAX01 sp016200265
s__NP136 sp002730475
s__Boseongicola aestuarii
s__GCA-002779465 sp002771315
s__UBA6249 sp028712175
s__COE1 sp017424235
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_Z
s__CAIJMQ01 sp023135785
s__Xanthobacter tagetidis
s__Mariniblastus sp937929805
s__Borkfalkia sp944372075
s__CAG-196 sp944326455
s__Sulfuritortus calidifontis
s__JAFLTL01 sp947176995
s__Collinsella sp902364975
s__Vreelandella subterranea
s__Novosphingobium sp002280675
s__Desulfosarcina sp002747175
s__UBA4093 sp002083825
s__Algorimicrobium algoritergicola
s__UBA974 sp027619225
s__Listeria kieliensis_A
s__Ventrenecus sp944363675
s__Actinoalloteichus hoggarensis
s__Collinsella sp902473205
s__CAG-465 sp944383035
s__Gilvibacter sp002163875
s__UBA3636 sp017476965
s__Flavobacterium limi
s__Boseongicola sp028818055
s__JAAFJR01 sp947485165
s__Limnohabitans_A sp030158565
s__UBA1174 sp949291515
s__T1SED10-84 sp003554225
s__Roseibium sp009363435
s__MS024-2A sp905480425
s__OLB9 sp016722285
s__BM501 sp002868845
s__BOG-930 sp903918195
s__Sediminibacterium sp002786355
s__GWA2-54-12 sp905339405
s__UBA6952 sp009392515
s__Janthinobacterium sp002846335
s__JACCQS01 sp013814015
s__JABCYQ01 sp013290125
s__Actinacidiphila sp900091855
s__Companilactobacillus versmoldensis
s__Bradyrhizobium sediminis
s__UBA11398 sp009699705
s__Bin87 sp002238825
s__Palsa-461 sp027306525
s__Pelethomonas sp947177005
s__Barnesiella sp944320995
s__Thiomonas sp021848345
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021786265
s__Smithella sp002441205
s__Nocardiopsis changdeensis
s__JADJRG01 sp020633335
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_A
s__Kurthia senegalensis
s__JACZWU01 sp022571845
s__Mycobacterium sp030209435
s__Azonexus sp018780195
s__Xanthomonas_A sacchari_C
s__Accumulibacter phosphatis_G
s__Pseudoroseicyclus_A tamaricis
s__Bin90 sp002238855
s__Hydrogenophaga sp018993155
s__CAG-273 sp934101145
s__Arcicella sp025354645
s__CAJWHX01 sp913040875
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021828255
s__Prevotella sp902800185
s__UBA3637 sp002373815
s__SIG32 sp944326625
s__S141-23 sp026983525
s__Metaruminococcus_A sp900762715
s__Nosocomiicoccus massiliensis
s__AWTP1-9 sp016200915
s__Eubacterium_J sp947178105
s__CALVTO01 sp944362705
s__UBA12481 sp903832165
s__Vibrio sp022397955
s__Collinsella sp905215755
s__Sodaliphilus sp902760865
s__SMWT01 sp003650125
s__Planktophila sp009699795
s__Sporosarcina sp029263945
s__CAIXLI01 sp009779745
s__RGIG4847 sp017471265
s__Spirulina subsalsa_A
s__TMED-70 sp002711965
s__Truepera radiovictrix
s__Cyclobacterium qasimii
s__Lentzea albidocapillata
s__Desulfamplus sp015232555
s__UMGS1663 sp944386315
s__UMGS1322 sp900769815
s__Bifidobacterium rousetti
s__BACL11 sp002693745
s__UBA1127 sp028873745
s__Accumulibacter conexus
s__Amycolatopsis tucumanensis
s__JACWAO01 sp021811305
s__JABWCR01 sp013359125
s__Pseudocitrobacter vendiensis
s__Azonexus sp021401135
s__JANLFM01 sp024655865
s__Enterousia sp902788485
s__UBA2336 sp019638215
s__SHYQ01 sp945888895
s__Plastoroseomonas hellenica
s__JG1575 sp024579835
s__Streptomyces sp000720765
s__Roseburia_B sp947174805
s__Sporosarcina psychrophila_A
s__UBA636 sp902796525
s__S012-25 sp015487905
s__Paraburkholderia sp000745015
s__Diplocloster modestus
s__Rothia avistercoris
s__Brevefilum sp002436005
s__Geohydrothermomicrobium daggyaiense
s__Streptomyces typhae
s__UBA1711 sp900318835
s__Rubritalea sp937928735
s__Paenibacillus tritici
s__Microbacterium sp004794515
s__Hyphococcus sp013151435
s__Blautia_A schinkii
s__SKHV01 sp012719495
s__Liberibacter crescens
s__Sporosarcina sp014282005
s__RUG762 sp900321515
s__Fibrobacter sp002210295
s__UBA4881 sp012842235
s__Suilimivivens sp945868485
s__Streptomyces sp003949805
s__Fukatsuia symbiotica
s__Methylobacterium sp021117295
s__JAKAWQ01 sp030037175
s__Fusibacter_C sp001897605
s__JADJGJ01 sp016708105
s__38-11 sp019084435
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp013214275
s__RGIG7265 sp944384905
s__CALDTK01 sp937923485
s__Gp6-AA40 sp025924295
s__LD21 sp003157075
s__UBA5072 sp002415855
s__UBA8316 sp002687665
s__Marinisoma sp902576865
s__Tistlia consotensis
s__UBA3830 sp002393025
s__UBA5755 sp002419005
s__Enteromonas sp900767605
s__Cardinium sp025215055
s__Blastococcus massiliensis
s__BM303 sp002869085
s__Actinoplanes polyasparticus
s__Vibrio sp001676025
s__Coprenecus sp944326255
s__HGM04593 sp017467015
s__Collinsella sp003471585
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000938255
s__Aristaeella sp900315315
s__G030849185 sp030849285
s__Streptomyces akebiae
s__Collinsella sp900759045
s__Caminibacter sp027063595
s__Senegalimassilia sp934661765
s__RGXB01 sp010029555
s__Magnetobacterium sp015233725
s__JAJYUU01 sp030040155
s__Vulcaniibacterium tengchongense
s__CACPJA01 sp019653755
s__UBA8316 sp002695445
s__BMS3ABIN04 sp026983955
s__Sediminibacterium sp947459295
s__Prevotella sp902799975
s__RKRQ01 sp026705445
s__TS1B11 sp004124295
s__Palsa-881 sp021816155
s__DYOQ01 sp020720455
s__UBA1163 sp002311635
s__Paenibacillus algicola
s__CAILZL01 sp025927665
s__Neisseria potus
s__Tamilnaduibacter salinus
s__Brevibacterium oceani
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324655
s__JASMHC01 sp029244725
s__Paenibacillus sp000758625
s__UBA4457 sp938075585
s__HIMB30 sp913057215
s__UMGS1502 sp934668515
s__Streptomyces sp001293595
s__Suilimivivens sp002492465
s__UBA10566 sp002423895
s__Oleiphilus messinensis
s__UBA2784 sp002352285
s__Streptomyces chromofuscus
s__JACJYZ01 sp020635855
s__Komagataeibacter melomenusus
s__JAHJAO01 sp018813905
s__SP4260 sp003331585
s__UBA5893 sp944383255
s__JAFMKE01 sp016777395
s__Anaeroplasma sp017444645
s__2-12-FULL-53-21 sp020027805
s__DUAL01 sp950069165
s__Sphingomonas sp002083645
s__01-FULL-36-15b sp001782035
s__Clostridium sp934755305
s__UBA7173 sp947177635
s__Subtercola boreus
s__JADFNF01 sp022563485
s__JAGLOK01 sp023139005
s__Halofilum sp913055615
s__QFNR01 sp943913135
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018971675
s__Mariprofundus erugo
s__Palsa-1447 sp903919205
s__Saccharofermentans sp002394605
s__WRCC01 sp009784235
s__JAIFNC01 sp020047935
s__Methyloglobulus sp009695535
s__Mycobacterium sp019245755
s__Pelagibacter sp902547215
s__Stercorousia sp944325025
s__JAFGKL01 sp023143375
s__Sphaerospermopsis sp015207205
s__Mycobacterium rhodesiae
s__YD12-FULL-61-37 sp001801995
s__CALREA01 sp943354965
s__Accumulibacter vicinus
s__CAIJNA01 sp903821805
s__CALXXA01 sp937935995
s__CSSed11-175R1 sp007120565
s__Thiolapillus sp027083925
s__Acinetobacter sp001647545
s__UBA7326 sp003284265
s__RUG420 sp904502175
s__TMED109 sp002937655
s__Pseudoalteromonas ulvae
s__UBA11549 sp017476085
s__Flagellimonas oceani
s__RUG760 sp017420625
s__Pelagibacter sp902547535
s__Nocardioides sp001428825
s__MPNP01 sp002238565
s__Crateriforma spongiae
s__Varunaivibrio sulfuroxidans
s__Microbacterium commune
s__ZC4RG35 sp024103415
s__QIAJ01 sp003131315
s__Ga0074139 sp001464795
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944390015
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001945445
s__UBA2922 sp904501855
s__CF-13 sp005881175
s__Hylemonella delicata
s__Mesorhizobium sp025753795
s__RFTN01 sp009923445
s__JAKSBQ01 sp022361075
s__Pseudooceanicola sp018222585
s__SLGK01 sp007123775
s__Erythrobacter sp903934325
s__SYFI01 sp945873475
s__Beggiatoa leptomitoformis
s__Collinsella sp902475525
s__Bullifex sp001604265
s__UBA11600 sp002730735
s__Anaerobacillus_A sp002563635
s__JAHJVF01 sp018828505
s__Streptomyces sp009865385
s__RACS-045 sp947177795
s__Chitinophaga sp001975825
s__RGIG1711 sp017618015
s__RF16 sp900767595
s__Latilactobacillus graminis
s__Palsa-1315 sp030684575
s__Erythrobacter sp001557115
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902573985
s__RAAP-2 sp021823525
s__Bin87 sp021295965
s__Anaerobutyricum sp904502145
s__Nitrosomonas cryotolerans
s__Collinsella sp900757205
s__UBA952 sp002167775
s__Pontibacter ummariensis
s__CAINFV01 sp903848235
s__JACZUI01 sp022573225
s__Bog-113 sp003136675
s__Anaerotignum sp905214825
s__Desulfobacula sp001799395
s__BACL27 sp945860575
s__UBA3534 sp002376875
s__JAAZZIT01 sp944382845
s__M3007 sp020636025
s__Mesorhizobium tianshanense
s__UBA6987 sp017428105
s__RGIG7213 sp017520505
s__CANLXL01 sp947495125
s__SXXK01 sp017859815
s__28-YEA-48 sp947454485
s__Hylemonella sp001797315
s__Chryseobacterium lathyri_A
s__Parapedobacter defluvii
s__Orenia metallireducens_B
s__Yoonia rosea
s__REEB76 sp028870845
s__Pantoea varia
s__Excrementavichristensenella sp012520375
s__JACQAG01 sp016195085
s__Paenalcaligenes niemegkensis
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944392965
s__CAITOL01 sp025352995
s__Flavobacterium sp947461795
s__Neorhizobium sp001005825
s__Sansalvadorimonas sp002238585
s__Gallimonas sp944337235
s__Ga0077536 sp001464935
s__Alistipes sp944322005
s__TMED15 sp002729015
s__Bacteroides sp905215345
s__Streptomyces abyssalis
s__Sphingomonas sp943913195
s__HIMB59 sp902588615
s__AB-629-J13 sp002346675
s__FEN-979 sp903915465
s__WFSE01 sp015486135
s__JADGCL01 sp015229005
s__Streptomyces prunicolor
s__Allorhizobium sp900470155
s__Prevotella sp016285075
s__Psychroflexus sp030457805
s__Casp-actino8 sp009694465
s__Enterocola sp017508305
s__Mycobacterium sp903884065
s__Protistobacter heckmanni
s__Leucobacter allii
s__HIMB114 sp002684895
s__SMYD01 sp004356015
s__Avisuccinivibrio sp944390085
s__JAFDDB01 sp019311115
s__BM524 sp024279935
s__Pantoea bituminis
s__JACKOB01 sp024234575
s__GWE2-40-63 sp020719105
s__UBA1711 sp017522105
s__UBA4421 sp028285415
s__Ruthia calyptogenae
s__Salinisphaera sp002715985
s__Polynucleobacter sp030157655
s__Ramlibacter aquaticus
s__JAFDCJ01 sp019312835
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944380305
s__E44-bin39 sp004376375
s__QOAS01 sp003972855
s__DUMP01 sp030154105
s__BM506 sp002868945
s__Mangrovibacter plantisponsor
s__Pseudothermotoga_A sp025060105
s__Microbacterium excoecariae
s__CACLCV01 sp902521725
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005883575
s__MED-G16 sp002697405
s__UBA1189 sp017557005
s__Velocimicrobium ethanolgignens
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A gallopavonis
s__MWCZ01 sp029547385
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium sp028276765
s__Telluria phyllostachyos
s__UMGS995 sp948434005
s__UBA3263 sp947176935
s__JAUZGC01 sp030840105
s__UBA11657 sp002346435
s__CAG-917 sp934277645
s__Caulobacter radicis
s__CADAUA01 sp900315375
s__CABMKH01 sp902386935
s__CAG-605 sp934098505
s__CAG-452 sp944389715
s__Paenibacillus sp000758525
s__Yoonia sp017542965
s__Conyzicola lurida
s__Prevotella sp017467535
s__CAJXQU01 sp913058255
s__Campylobacter_A sp938039205
s__CAIRDP01 sp903824935
s__Hymenobacter sp001562275
s__Aliiroseovarius_A sp030148435
s__JACCYX01 sp023389575
s__CAG-272 sp015064545
s__Collinsella sp959019945
s__Angelakisella sp947564495
s__SZAS-72 sp018241695
s__CALBLZ01 sp937895715
s__JAAYXS01 sp018056925
s__JAUIHU01 sp030432175
s__JAFANO01 sp019232645
s__JALHTV01 sp022866005
s__GCA-2746605 sp002746605
s__Xanthomonas sp001423495
s__Nevskia sp016779605
s__Desulfomicrobium escambiense
s__JAAZMU01 sp028689175
s__JAAFJL01 sp013298865
s__Paraburkholderia hayleyella
s__JAJTIE01 sp021300195
s__Desulfocapsa sp027067035
s__UBA5633 sp002382025
s__JAIRPG01 sp031257105
s__JADZBD01 sp937924855
s__AVCC01 sp012927625
s__JAUXCD01 sp030619085
s__JAIBBG01 sp945862415
s__JAPLLP01 sp026387515
s__UBA952 sp026391005
s__JAFGHJ01 sp016930175
s__Collinsella sp900555515
s__Vogesella oryzae
s__Melioribacter roseus
s__UBA952 sp021740085
s__Sodaliphilus sp902787185
s__JALGTD01 sp029821195
s__Schlesneria paludicola
s__JAJYID01 sp021787535
s__Oceanobacillus sp018333215
s__Streptomyces sp030116705
s__DUSC01 sp937958475
s__RUG14109 sp934486895
s__UBA6100 sp016926975
s__CAJBLF01 sp026397395
s__CALGHC01 sp937915965
s__UBA10364 sp024638285
s__JABMRG01 sp013202935
s__SZUA-430 sp016124635
s__Geothrix limicola
s__Aureibaculum flavum
s__Paludibacter sp024709185
s__CSP1-8 sp001443455
s__JAILEN01 sp024687655
s__Planctomicrobium sp938015865
s__Haloferula sp025457665
s__UBA1858 sp028281205
s__Labilibaculum antarcticum
s__PWJY01 sp007695145
s__Plantactinospora sp937951935
s__PIVX01 sp003353785
s__WRFC01 sp009779015
s__JAPKGY01 sp026647385
s__SCMT01 sp011526085
s__Aegiribacteria sp003644925
s__Palsa-1233 sp024640185
s__JANQEH01 sp028278455
s__Reichenbachiella sp025502585
s__CAIJKY01 sp016789455
s__UBA6078 sp002428735
s__JAGVGO01 sp020057085
s__UBA1715 sp937892155
s__Xanthobacter autotrophicus
s__JAOZTV01 sp029939015
s__Draconibacterium sp029265875
s__WLXB01 sp012103295
s__UBA2645 sp018969185
s__UBA724 sp029248885
s__UBA3077 sp015485015
s__Bordetella_A petrii_D
s__Methylotenera_A versatilis_A
s__Arcticimaribacter sp022425945
s__SpSt-398 sp016125075
s__UMGS1696 sp015064135
s__GCA-2731375 sp016776605
s__Desulfurobacterium_A sp026988135
s__DAOUUR01 sp029858555
s__JAIROX01 sp031255735
s__Polynucleobacter sp947461805
s__RGIG995 sp017623595
s__JAGQSI01 sp937926025
s__JAISLV01 sp031277075
s__Deinococcus sp018260375
s__JANQNX01 sp030829955
s__JABMQV01 sp030589715
s__Malacoplasma_A sp947429165
s__B3-G11 sp030123765
s__UBA1067 sp902799385
s__JAAYXZ01 sp023819365
s__JACCES01 sp029263615
s__JAHCSD01 sp018609185
s__BD2-11 sp022822425
s__CACKMC01 sp902601155
s__Streptococcus cristatus_L
s__UBA955 sp016868785
s__JANWXO01 sp025057295
s__Mesorhizobium_F sp025753855
s__Epilithonimonas sp022013695
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030690725
s__Mxb001 sp023264215
s__JAISFT01 sp031255615
s__UBA4096 sp945862475
s__QIAJ01 sp020073525
s__S143-145 sp015489565
s__Kordia zhangzhouensis
s__Streptacidiphilus jeojiense
s__Hominimerdicola sp030531185
s__JAICLA01 sp025462925
s__2-02-FULL-50-9b sp943355025
s__JAJXWB01 sp945956975
s__Gp1-AA122 sp019244045
s__Pristimantibacillus sp005222705
s__JAAYXY01 sp012515645
s__Polycladomyces sp016938855
s__Microbacterium sp015040615
s__Pedobacter soli
s__Eubacterium_J sp948468465
s__Cellvibrio sp004172865
s__Paracoccus aurantiacus
s__Sphingomonas sp900115295
s__Fen-330 sp029776225
s__HGM12713 sp017935225
s__JAGGVC01 sp021158185
s__Glutamicibacter sp025854375
s__Agrococcus carbonis
s__Novipirellula artificiosorum
s__Sphingomicrobium sinipercae
s__JAQSYP01 sp029256085
s__Stutzerimonas sp025966695
s__Pristimantibacillus soyae
s__UBA2258 sp903908785
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031282425
s__VXYL01 sp009839405
s__Anoxybacillus_B calidus
s__JAGVUW01 sp012514865
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp001769385
s__Fen-1231 sp026387895
s__Romboutsia sp937880075
s__JACCYY01 sp013696235
s__Streptococcus oralis_BR
s__Bythopirellula sp947258835
s__GCA-2691245 sp902625895
s__Pelagibacter sp902530715
s__Desulfitobacterium dichloroeliminans
s__Blautia_A sp946626695
s__Microbacterium sp001049495
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902590755
s__Rahnella bruchi
s__JADFGU01 sp022567535
s__SCUD01 sp019634895
s__UBA952 sp009923965
s__CAG-632 sp947589055
s__UBA3789 sp947632595
s__JAGVNY01 sp020053015
s__GCA-2747695 sp002747695
s__CACIIZ01 sp014239455
s__JAUIFR01 sp030430325
s__TMED25 sp902632055
s__Thiolapillus brandeum
s__WFZT01 sp026986655
s__Hazenella coriacea
s__JAIRKV01 sp031289385
s__JACZRH01 sp022574815
s__Frisingicoccus sp958405355
s__Rufibacter roseus
s__SYKU01 sp009697455
s__Gorillibacterium sp014380705
s__Z2-YC6860 sp016869215
s__B13-G4 sp030262795
s__RGIG1911 sp017533425
s__JAHITH01 sp018817845
s__CANFDS01 sp947445525
s__Chryseobacterium sp031277615
s__Microbacterium sp004362195
s__Sulfomarinibacter sp025456385
s__Agromyces hippuratus
s__Nanosyncoccus sp002309075
s__CAJXSN01 sp027941995
s__Thiomicrorhabdus aquaedulcis
s__HGM12713 sp017503865
s__UBA10906 sp028713145
s__Novosphingobium sp028868335
s__GCA-2717185 sp913044215
s__SLQM01 sp007131435
s__UMGS995 sp947631155
s__Paraprevotella sp949299545
s__B1SED10-225 sp003558105
s__UBA1367 sp902772435
s__JAHFAC01 sp023250755
s__Alistipes sp020026455
s__Roseburia_B sp947630855
s__Pelagibacter sp902582385
s__Demequina sp002090115
s__Sphingobium sp014280435
s__Limnobaculum eriocheiris
s__Ancylobacter sp023434095
s__DYQZ01 sp020719005
s__S016-97 sp015485895
s__WLWS01 sp018676275
s__JAFEDN01 sp018241585
s__B1SED10-74M sp003554395
s__JAAXHE01 sp028874335
s__SZUA-161 sp003229915
s__Pontibacter roseus
s__Akkermansia sp947039485
s__Thermocrinis albus
s__HIMB30 sp902536515
s__Angelakisella sp020024515
s__Tepidimicrobium xylanilyticum
s__Psychromarinibacter sp029168335
s__EC70 sp013213965
s__JACRGV01 sp016212215
s__J130 sp015485245
s__Acidicaldus organivorans
s__Fen-549 sp003132665
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_G
s__Abyssisolibacter sp029227815
s__GCA-2717185 sp012103325
s__Ottowia sp031276435
s__Roseovarius sp913055965
s__UBA952 sp945882095
s__BS750m-G22 sp016783555
s__Azonexus sp016709495
s__SBAY01 sp005239945
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017395555
s__Flavobacterium tibetense
s__UBA3855 sp947630845
s__UBA6503 sp021774615
s__Serratia_J plymuthica_B
s__Mucilaginibacter frigoritolerans
s__Isoptericola chiayiensis
s__Flavobacterium sp946478785
s__Sabulitectum sp030596465
s__SM23-42 sp029858255
s__Alistipes sp017631135
s__J090 sp003695065
s__Leptolyngbya sp001548435
s__Pontimonas sp021741925
s__Enterenecus sp014799505
s__Villigracilis sp020851785
s__DRQV01 sp030627235
s__Sulfitobacter aestuariivivens
s__VSOB01 sp015056735
s__Limivicinus sp017406005
s__Brocadia sp007618135
s__JAGQSN01 sp020439555
s__RUG563 sp017397895
s__UBA710 sp947039955
s__JALSSC01 sp026984455
s__WS-7 sp016207265
s__RUG369 sp947305735
s__Ga0077553 sp026394015
s__RGIG9079 sp017936285
s__JAACFB01 sp022563195
s__Lawsonibacter sp934659445
s__Pelobium manganitolerans
s__Ventricola sp024684665
s__Ruthia sp014706615
s__Udaeobacter sp005887855
s__NORP267 sp021775855
s__JACKDM01 sp030427205
s__UBA953 sp003569165
s__UBA9732 sp017962865
s__Oscillochloris sp004138175
s__SBBA01 sp005239925
s__Veillonella_A sp018364065
s__UBA4720 sp017881545
s__Metamycoplasma orale
s__B3-G13 sp015486095
s__UBA6522 sp029243585
s__JAFGIG01 sp016926475
s__CATQHW01 sp028820215
s__Pelagibacter sp902560245
s__VGWZ01 sp016873595
s__Litoreibacter sp026710325
s__Mucinivorans sp002315675
s__Thauera sp017997795
s__AG-363-O06 sp003280085
s__Onthousia sp944331915
s__Variovorax beijingensis_B
s__UBA2199 sp025456205
s__JAILDS01 sp024689165
s__Kroppenstedtia guangzhouensis
s__UBA2093 sp016870775
s__Coprosoma sp017460245
s__DSVQ01 sp021732975
s__Synechococcus_C sp000014585
s__MED727 sp902552185
s__JAGHDB01 sp021160155
s__Croceicoccus sediminis
s__SCQM01 sp027318945
s__JAUXHA01 sp030621845
s__Paenibacillus_G solanacearum
s__Cephaloticoccus sp030833445
s__QANA01 sp017531505
s__Solimonas sp946478985
s__Streptomyces sp019049245
s__Roseomonas sp025791835
s__Salegentibacter sp024635815
s__Streptomyces sp008271805
s__CAIJNA01 sp020048055
s__JAAYKT01 sp023230985
s__UBA7803 sp947258825
s__HGM12713 sp017504335
s__JAUSJK01 sp030647255
s__Porphyromonas sp943912835
s__Sphingomonas sp936927845
s__UBA1479 sp003488105
s__JACPRG01 sp016190025
s__CANHCV01 sp947459245
s__Saccharimonas sp945873065
s__Dictyobacter formicarum
s__GCA-002705045 sp029242355
s__S146-42 sp029260315
s__Gallionella sp028689145
s__UBA12567 sp030748155
s__Limobrevibacterium gyesilva
s__SKIB01 sp007116635
s__JAIBCD01 sp019694335
s__JACQRC01 sp016206665
s__Saccharofermentans sp001604135
s__Chlorobium sp013203905
s__XBB2008 sp946620235
s__UBA4132 sp009692395
s__CAJCIT01 sp903970405
s__Polaromonas sp900116715
s__MGML01 sp001796415
s__Alkalibacterium kapii
s__UMGS1491 sp017414725
s__CALIMH01 sp938028725
s__CALMMZ01 sp937868685
s__JAISGC01 sp031278055
s__UBA10438 sp947459875
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030683065
s__CU05-9 sp936911875
s__JAAYBJ01 sp012730105
s__JAFGEY01 sp016931365
s__Liquorilactobacillus aquaticus
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp916439105
s__Desulfonatronovibrio magnus
s__Bog-756 sp003157945
s__CAMCHP01 sp945874695
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949287505
s__Melghirimyces algeriensis
s__UBA2336 sp025455225
s__JAHZIX01 sp020439725
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AL
s__UBA5542 sp022646525
s__Paraliomyxa sp022601155
s__Clostridioides_A sp031261505
s__Rhodanobacter sp009766065
s__BACL14 sp028122555
s__Trichloromonas sp030145265
s__UBA2767 sp022567275
s__RBC038 sp020845735
s__UBA5489 sp028709705
s__UBA6915 sp002450975
s__Granulicella sp937871785
s__WMMD1047 sp029626155
s__JABMQR01 sp013202335
s__JAJFHR01 sp024278055
s__Micavibrio_A sp002482805
s__UBA9973 sp030775165
s__HGM10766 sp947594925
s__Persephonella sp000703085
s__CALMMZ01 sp937898165
s__Pelagibacter sp902634235
s__BS150m-G51 sp016784445
s__UMGS1601 sp947584825
s__Nitrospira_D sp029879905
s__BN30871 sp937141405
s__Microbacterium proteolyticum
s__Cupriavidus numazuensis
s__Cocleimonas sp027008885
s__SG8-38 sp013002645
s__JAJFUG01 sp021372515
s__Nocardia lijiangensis
s__Cytophaga sp937863595
s__SZUA-5 sp003233535
s__UBA2982 sp024638325
s__Cybelea sp030041115
s__NORP154 sp002401055
s__J013 sp003695135
s__Poriferisocius sp022822905
s__Palsa-875 sp016464795
s__Carboxydothermus pertinax
s__Palsa-739 sp025934995
s__Rossellomorea aquimaris_E
s__JAPLDA01 sp026391945
s__RUG13409 sp017437745
s__Aquimonas sp022241605
s__RUG13868 sp946414595
s__Meiothermus sp026004055
s__PRO6 sp003576765
s__Prevotella sp017467705
s__GBS-DC sp025998675
s__Bradyrhizobium retamae
s__Phenylobacterium zucineum_B
s__GCA-002733465 sp030949565
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947165975
s__Bog-1198 sp030799355
s__Fodinibius saliphilus
s__V9D3004 sp000621985
s__RGIG1476 sp017538865
s__Asanoa hainanensis
s__Amazonocrinis nigriterrae
s__JACCVG01 sp013698335
s__JAAYCO01 sp012729725
s__JAAYXZ01 sp028697565
s__JAJRYZ01 sp024275515
s__UBA1847 sp021773075
s__Nocardiopsis halotolerans
s__Azovibrio sp009777245
s__Aquabacterium sp029946005
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903844775
s__Streptococcus sp905371745
s__Corynebacterium sp023432405
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003284375
s__Streptomyces vilmorinianum
s__Thermoanaerobacterium sp900205865
s__Flavobacterium hibisci
s__CALVRE01 sp944332005
s__GCA-2705445 sp913050095
s__QHCC01 sp025965875
s__JAITMY01 sp031290755
s__Palsa-1315 sp002869925
s__RGIG8368 sp017962315
s__Neolewinella persica
s__Actinomycetospora sp030269685
s__DYLW01 sp020720785
s__Lentzea xinjiangensis
s__Cellulomonas sp027451305
s__JACPDI01 sp016184105
s__BACL14 sp905182075
s__Phenylobacterium sp937910255
s__CADCVQ01 sp030681525
s__SIG435 sp015068975
s__67-14 sp937910825
s__Rubinisphaera margarita
s__Kitasatospora sp022288725
s__NBLH01 sp029210905
s__Rhodoferax sp011391645
s__UBA6024 sp937915865
s__Luteolibacter sp945883455
s__WTXA01 sp022615965
s__UMGS1491 sp947305745
s__JABJGO01 sp021775325
s__MAG-120531 sp937136755
s__CANBCO01 sp947367165
s__SCRL01 sp004298065
s__Kutzneria sp000568255
s__Coprosoma sp944332215
s__SIG200 sp947629115
s__JANQFW01 sp028277625
s__Quadrisphaera sp015390235
s__JAKFVC01 sp028291605
s__JAOUOP01 sp028817855
s__JASBUW01 sp030147755
s__Bog-950 sp945867505
s__JANQFT01 sp028277685
s__VYFG01 sp019633985
s__UBA952 sp024643365
s__Nodosilinea sp015207525
s__JAOZPY01 sp029939875
s__GWF1-51-8 sp020059465
s__JABDLZ01 sp937875855
s__Flammeovirga sp001583495
s__Planktothrix sp900009135
s__Kamptonema sp001698425
s__Ralstonia sp003851545
s__Sideroxyarcus sp028710605
s__Mariniplasma sp002838205
s__GWE2-41-16 sp000996695
s__Phycicoccus_A sp020161815
s__UBA9300 sp003518245
s__JALHFZ01 sp022837505
s__UBA4179 sp012798745
s__JAKLQR01 sp031082155
s__Sporofaciens sp947564705
s__OLB17 sp016712045
s__Bradyrhizobium macuxiense_A
s__MH13 sp028281795
s__JAAERE01 sp024230675
s__HyVt-477 sp026991755
s__Duganella phyllosphaerae
s__CAINNR01 sp903851235
s__PALSA-1006 sp009773615
s__JAAYOP01 sp012520295
s__SURF-21 sp016931915
s__Reyranella sp022844015
s__Lacticaseibacillus parakribbianus
s__JAAYXZ01 sp023819225
s__CAMUQR01 sp030530425
s__Rhodoferax_C sp017798165
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946544235
s__JACPLN01 sp016186485
s__S144-51 sp027064065
s__REEB426 sp018970765
s__Methylobacter_A sp030679035
s__UBA7441 sp902587165
s__PXAP01 sp007134675
s__SIG32 sp944325895
s__SIG200 sp934096735
s__Micavibrio_C sp023700945
s__JAKAGC01 sp020355945
s__JAFDJC01 sp019307665
s__Bacillus_BL marinisedimentorum
s__JAHDQW01 sp018433585
s__Flavimaribacter sp024343425
s__JAHDFT01 sp020628015
s__JAUWPV01 sp030611385
s__JAUYJS01 sp030698565
s__JAGHCO01 sp030615365
s__JAISFN01 sp031263585
s__PWJY01 sp018224445
s__JAUHXU01 sp030426805
s__Gramella fulva
s__Pseudonocardia ammonioxydans
s__Aureliella sp963204965
s__Rhodococcus sp000333955
s__GCA-003244245 sp019247305
s__Rifleibacterium sp018818125
s__Bin55 sp021295935
s__Bact-11 sp905233345
s__Collinsella sp958413895
s__MM2 sp031285185
s__JACRHW01 sp016211955
s__JAEZLU01 sp023415075
s__Collinsella sp958407555
s__2-12-FULL-42-10 sp001801625
s__Eubacterium_R sp017450645
s__UBA8309 sp009920665
s__Kribbella albertanoniae
s__0-14-0-20-45-22 sp002774355
s__H5-PLA8 sp015075375
s__UBA8229 sp913054425
s__JAISOW01 sp031275345
s__CALXRO01 sp031268035
s__UBA8687 sp938073925
s__Planktophila sp945866305
s__JAUSKU01 sp030646755
s__CALMAK01 sp937859515
s__Kaistella flava
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_T
s__BOKC01 sp020724885
s__JAISST01 sp031272945
s__Synoicihabitans palmerolidicus
s__UBA6918 sp024709485
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AH
s__Pseudothauera rhizosphaerae
s__JABIHA01 sp018649885
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278045
s__JALOAH01 sp023228865
s__JAGVHQ01 sp020056565
s__UMGS1387 sp015064895
s__JAUWMJ01 sp030613225
s__DYSN01 sp029938465
s__Paenibacillus sp000374185
s__Aestuariivirga sp963205315
s__UBA830 sp002689465
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus
s__Marinobacter sp030718085
s__Mailhella sp017522745
s__Lichenicoccus roseus
s__CAG-1782 sp002315475
s__V9D3004 sp947593975
s__Pseudaminobacter zhangyensis
s__Burkholderia gladioli_B
s__JALXAG01 sp026992315
s__JACPQF01 sp016190625
s__JAOASD01 sp025210265
s__Hyphococcus sp013151255
s__UBA6024 sp014380255
s__CAG-269 sp946498265
s__Lacibacter sp002337125
s__Microbacterium sp947503655
s__REDH01 sp007693585
s__ZC4RG25 sp003242645
s__Novosphingobium sp020853995
s__Vibrio sp947504195
s__G020347665 sp020347665
s__Paenibacillus sp001682855
s__Arsenophonus triatominarum
s__UBA2868 sp024687745
s__UBA1259 sp017505675
s__JAJFHR01 sp021775515
s__Flavivirga algicola
s__Lacinutrix jangbogonensis
s__Streptomyces azureus
s__Avidehalobacter sp947626615
s__Gilvimarinus sp030547685
s__Rifleibacterium sp029560455
s__UBA6985 sp017450205
s__JABDJB01 sp024638445
s__Fusibacter_C sp024636005
s__2-02-FULL-48-16 sp030697445
s__JAHEYG01 sp023251725
s__JACMPS01 sp014377395
s__2-01-FULL-46-13 sp001778785
s__SIG301 sp934432595
s__Flavobacterium crocinum
s__Apibacter sp031273305
s__SSSZ01 sp009469675
s__G020351185 sp030640385
s__Moryella sp017449925
s__Yes70-35 sp030018555
s__UBA5578 sp947632495
s__Agathobacter sp022769125
s__JAIRMY01 sp031284385
s__02-FULL-45-17b sp005239605
s__Erythrobacter sp013214365
s__Luminiphilus sp938091485
s__Villigracilis sp030680155
s__UBA7879 sp002869105
s__UBA9217 sp003454665
s__JANWVO01 sp020723085
s__PNKF01 sp903906325
s__TMED220 sp002169155
s__Phocaeicola sp900557085
s__JAGRNA01 sp020441005
s__GCA-002701945 sp029936965
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905235675
s__Bacteroides sp959029255
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024748615
s__Clostridium_AB cylindrosporum
s__UBA1756 sp947169105
s__JAFGMW01 sp016927275
s__JADZEJ01 sp020850575
s__UBA6099 sp029564595
s__Butyrivibrio sp003625485
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023433405
s__Piscinibacter sp029779845
s__Nocardiopsis_A suaedae
s__JAISKW01 sp031260775
s__UMGS1820 sp017436135
s__CACBWF01 sp902542925
s__Choladousia sp020860715
s__CAG-433 sp947589275
s__UBA7540 sp002478145
s__CAJVZX01 sp913020625
s__Sphingobium lactosutens
s__Granulicella sp903970445
s__Neorhizobium vignae
s__Phaeodactylibacter sp913062745
s__TMED198 sp002170735
s__JAUWXJ01 sp030616425
s__JADKFD01 sp016713135
s__AAA300-D14 sp902515855
s__RFPW01 sp009925965
s__JAIPHI01 sp021734005
s__Faecimorpha sp017467985
s__Pelomonas sp913777145
s__DTZQ01 sp012961305
s__Labilibaculum sp016936255
s__SMWD01 sp004357495
s__COE1 sp017391545
s__21-14-0-10-47-8-A sp002793885
s__Litoreibacter sp028284705
s__Xylanimonas sp009782865
s__WLWZ01 sp951812775
s__Polaromonas sp947458345
s__UBA6987 sp017958185
s__Chlorobium_A sp004028745
s__Tokpelaia_A sp003331105
s__Bifidobacterium sp030530905
s__Veillonella sp902466275
s__Pseudanabaena sp003249015
s__Bordetella_B sp002119665
s__TMED112 sp003331605
s__F0422 sp003992135
s__B137-G9 sp030656075
s__Galliscardovia ingluviei
s__Campylobacter_B sp019423325
s__JAEYWW01 sp023428805
s__JAAYRG01 sp012518885
s__UBA1740 sp015064665
s__JAUYHV01 sp030689845
s__JAIXLE01 sp026931725
s__OEQK01 sp900240405
s__Cellulosilyticum sp017421915
s__CAG-269 sp947626865
s__CAJOIG01 sp947632005
s__Salinicoccus luteus
s__UBA1321 sp002304345
s__RFSX01 sp938002665
s__Faecousia sp021771675
s__JAGOOR01 sp023268615
s__SYLY01 sp902825945
s__Merdimorpha sp028709885
s__JANQPH01 sp028285405
s__SIG204 sp015059365
s__Xylanimonas variabilis_A
s__Arthrobacter psychrotolerans
s__Demequina silvatica
s__CALBZE01 sp937995995
s__WGOA01 sp030432405
s__Pseudovibrio flavus
s__PEYC01 sp002774555
s__Petralouisia sp022798035
s__Croceibacterium sp001683845
s__Novosphingobium endophyticum
s__Lepagella sp009177205
s__Faecousia sp947630345
s__Pelagibacter sp902558545
s__WQYJ01 sp031262485
s__UMGS1883 sp017466275
s__JAFGXA01 sp016936855
s__UBA3855 sp947589035
s__JAGTTR01 sp944384015
s__CAITQP01 sp023267415
s__Gemmiger sp937890665
s__ER46 sp016794665
s__JAALLB01 sp937951645
s__JAJTHB01 sp947459535
s__Enterobacter sp013927005
s__UBA2184 sp002328745
s__Dorea_A contorta_A
s__JADJGA01 sp026986005
s__Deinococcus puniceus
s__RBG-13-51-18 sp016930185
s__Bosea vaviloviae
s__Mycoplasma cottewii
s__VIKH01 sp016223025
s__Acaryochloris sp028285565
s__Pararhodobacter sp020832545
s__Arcticimaribacter sp011526265
s__UBA8687 sp029261635
s__JAHFLV01 sp023264565
s__UBA1381 sp002305435
s__JAFIGB01 sp020831705
s__Limnohabitans sp945873925
s__Saccharicenans sp029553365
s__Duganella sp027490725
s__Nitratiruptor sp000010325
s__Williamsia soli
s__Aquimarina sp900312815
s__Roseinatronobacter sp030603695
s__JANXUC01 sp025352065
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017405245
s__UBA9145 sp002401885
s__CALFVM01 sp937928665
s__JAENVV01 sp024637275
s__PKWO01 sp003132085
s__JAADIV01 sp024275235
s__RFTU01 sp016868355
s__Chryseobacterium sp008329705
s__VHBT01 sp016871815
s__Phenylobacterium sp937920085
s__JAAZKA01 sp012800055
s__JANQUM01 sp030731175
s__Sediminibacterium sp947454025
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BM
s__JAFGGH01 sp016930645
s__Olleya sp004843725
s__JAJZVS01 sp019352115
s__MGML01 sp016932435
s__JAHHUH01 sp017457085
s__Prevotella sp017474845
s__JACPMG01 sp016186095
s__Paraburkholderia susongensis
s__Ferdinandcohnia humi
s__Duganella aquatica
s__Veillonella sp934202095
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp007119005
s__Allobaculum sp015233825
s__JAEINX01 sp016342645
s__JACQXU01 sp020057555
s__Ottowia sp018241325
s__CAG-465 sp023460235
s__JAGUXG01 sp030018505
s__FL481 sp006508105
s__Mycobacterium sp001673405
s__GCA-2689995 sp014381925
s__CAJCIS01 sp903970435
s__RGIG7067 sp017543285
s__JAIRZM01 sp031288395
s__SXON01 sp947484175
s__UBA9655 sp937967795
s__JACCUC01 sp013812065
s__Bacillus_BW sp024213275
s__UBA1753 sp002317595
s__Adlercreutzia sp947645965
s__UMGS1696 sp017550315
s__Actinomycetospora sp030286555
s__JARCMD01 sp030248885
s__Brevibacterium daeguense
s__Nakamurella flava
s__JAFGBN01 sp016933195
s__JALOLV01 sp025455785
s__Williamsia_A maris
s__DYFV01 sp020725025
s__Bosea sp900470775
s__DSCS01 sp016937175
s__Kordiimonas sp013372975
s__S145-22 sp027073795
s__RGIG990 sp937911295
s__Enterousia sp949292385
s__Sinorhizobium sp020193575
s__Limimorpha sp016282015
s__Streptomyces omiyaensis
s__Lachnospira sp947628875
s__Microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans_C
s__SYAR01 sp016869775
s__UBA1794 sp018054715
s__Pelagibacter sp902612065
s__Aequorivita sp030690315
s__Brevundimonas vitisensis
s__Eubacterium_F sp017540125
s__Malikia granosa
s__Rubellimicrobium sp902805995
s__JAHRAN01 sp020027245
s__C7867-002 sp903870235
s__CATWUX01 sp958354085
s__Marmoricola sp025965195
s__Aphodocola sp947623685
s__JAHCJQ01 sp026126165
s__Ectobacillus panaciterrae
s__Longispora albida
s__Campylobacter_A sp938018145
s__UBA1038 sp012513645
s__UBA6140 sp023459535
s__SPBW01 sp004525685
s__UBA1740 sp017467105
s__JAHHSE01 sp020025395
s__Rhizorhabdus sp027489105
s__JADJRK01 sp016712285
s__DXWE01 sp019417045
s__Azospirillum soli
s__Streptomyces sp029893585
s__Arthrospiribacter ruber
s__Belnapia sp000802185
s__Thiogranum sp030621785
s__JACPPH01 sp016191105
s__UBA10212 sp001790525
s__Avoscillospira_A sp904395865
s__Kitasatospora sp013364235
s__Sphingobium sp015693305
s__UBA5158 sp013286085
s__Pontibacter anaerobius
s__Coxiella sp024730665
s__WGAB01 sp015489295
s__SM3-B62 sp018432615
s__Cytobacillus firmus_C
s__UBA7706 sp002482465
s__XBB1006 sp900115795
s__Thermophilibacter sp959598545
s__Sphingomicrobium sp023392555
s__JAFGPJ01 sp016934255
s__JABEUX01 sp027306845
s__SICG01 sp945861755
s__SLAN01 sp007126865
s__JAGGSE01 sp021159225
s__Isoalcanivorax limicola
s__QAKW01 sp017464525
s__Faecousia sp945910975
s__JAUPUN01 sp030917555
s__Bin55 sp026707945
s__LD21 sp022711195
s__JABMPR01 sp013202385
s__JAAZBG01 sp012513915
s__BM521 sp002869205
s__Planococcus sp018613655
s__JAUPVF01 sp030917185
s__Ruegeria denitrificans
s__CAKPQL01 sp934122235
s__Flavitalea sp016786785
s__Hydrogenophaga sp014773545
s__Cyanobium gracile
s__Komarekiella sp014831675
s__WSZJ01 sp020849035
s__JAKLKY01 sp023150415
s__Draconibacterium sp031285325
s__Anderseniella sp938039915
s__Palsa-465 sp019240015
s__Desulfobulbus elongatus
s__UBA6186 sp903907935
s__Leisingera sp000813965
s__Planktophila sp947488645
s__Pelobium sp013298995
s__Trichodesmium sp023356535
s__GCA-002793235 sp002402165
s__Hymenobacter sp029433095
s__UBA2834 sp947306745
s__JAKSDM01 sp022360135
s__Chitinophaga eiseniae_A
s__Parasynechococcus sp016779825
s__X156 sp017882745
s__S016-13 sp015486215
s__Sulfurimonas sp030577135
s__Pelagibacter sp902566705
s__Prevotella sp016290175
s__HRBIN16 sp026003195
s__CADDZO01 sp902812395
s__Anderseniella sp028289645
s__GCA-2724215 sp022820485
s__Sporosarcina cyprini
s__RUG472 sp946183765
s__JAMWDE01 sp023818905
s__CANRIN01 sp947631015
s__Roseomonas pecuniae_A
s__Collinsella sp019414245
s__Kmv38 sp014859165
s__UBA6898 sp016217675
s__Thermochromatium warmingii
s__CAG-115 sp947628655
s__Paenibacillus_A yonginensis
s__WJKE01 sp014729275
s__Nocardioides sp025924815
s__JALAGN01 sp022712415
s__JAHFDT01 sp023248875
s__JAUWNT01 sp030639705
s__CAIPRZ01 sp903867585
s__Cytophaga sp025455005
s__JAEELC01 sp946538835
s__JAEULC01 sp016792605
s__JALSHZ01 sp027081275
s__Novosphingobium sp025938095
s__Anaerotignum sp017483025
s__LiPW-15 sp007375645
s__JADKIH01 sp016721305
s__PWHW01 sp018400405
s__Flavobacterium ginsenosidimutans
s__CAG-115 sp022508945
s__Pseudomaricurvus hydrocarbonicus
s__GCA-2726245 sp027622275
s__NK3A76 sp000686125
s__QQUD01 sp028284105
s__JAGNXB01 sp024103195
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278925
s__Pseudoxanthobacter spirostomi
s__40CM-3-55-5 sp001914815
s__Salinicoccus albus
s__Streptomyces sp026342835
s__JASLFZ01 sp030150485
s__Kordia sp947496985
s__Methylohalobius sp030294985
s__JAIQFD01 sp020073495
s__Ferruginibacter sp023417815
s__VGKN01 sp016867055
s__UBA12578 sp030754035
s__Sphingobacterium sp031277715
s__Fournierella sp020025635
s__Alistipes sp017380275
s__UBA12445 sp022710205
s__Halomonas elongata_B
s__JACQFH01 sp016200145
s__JALLOL01 sp027717875
s__Sphingomonas panacisoli
s__Methylophilus sp027489475
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp023381945
s__Halopseudomonas sp030603065
s__Asticcacaulis excentricus
s__RF16 sp017559385
s__Halomarinibacterium sp020435805
s__AC2028 sp018056425
s__JACQPE01 sp016207685
s__JAGODF01 sp029974015
s__Azospirillum lipoferum_B
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024681565
s__JACZRQ01 sp022574655
s__S016-54 sp021159055
s__Caulobacter sp016125585
s__Phyllobacterium bourgognense
s__Leptospira_A sp029310945
s__UBA11398 sp028687755
s__JAFGQQ01 sp016935595
s__UBA4096 sp947440875
s__Paenibacillus_S rigui
s__UBA952 sp016868915
s__WRGV01 sp031255975
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030604135
s__Ruminococcus sp946183385
s__Deinococcus sp018260405
s__SCQP01 sp004299485
s__Microbacterium sulfonylureivorans
s__JABDQA01 sp029287755
s__Coprosoma sp944358695
s__Niastella arenae
s__Fen-1038 sp003141915
s__Kitasatospora sp029894335
s__Limnohabitans sp009927195
s__JACIWR01 sp021162125
s__Tropicimonas lutimaris
s__UBA4372 sp017524545
s__MH13 sp019192585
s__DAOVKU01 sp030631665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp021153285
s__JANQFQ01 sp028277765
s__RGIG2774 sp949296825
s__JABMPJ01 sp029939545
s__OLB9 sp016715985
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp020438215
s__Magnetominusculus sp015233045
s__Bog-105 sp021324185
s__UBA6857 sp017522205
s__Fimbriimonas sp025360125
s__JAFGLM01 sp016928055
s__Aromatoleum sp014822185
s__Prevotella ruminicola_B
s__Micromonospora_E sp030345095
s__Algibacter_B sp947502405
s__Alkaliphilus_B sp023387935
s__2-02-FULL-40-12 sp007376425
s__Meiothermus sp017497985
s__Tunicatimonas sp937138955
s__JAITHB01 sp031280145
s__Sediminibacterium sp004028765
s__UBA12014 sp028823105
s__DUPM01 sp012718915
s__JALVQA01 sp027069365
s__JAQWNP01 sp937899935
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214055
s__Quinella sp017453765
s__Thiogranum sp024636585
s__Acetatifactor sp017620975
s__JAQXDW01 sp029251165
s__PALSA-968 sp003153315
s__Streptomyces sp009604455
s__Flavobacterium sp014377455
s__Prevotella sp946612625
s__Tannerella sp031271805
s__Desulfurispora thermophila
s__Bacteroides sp021204885
s__CAISGS01 sp947447115
s__JAAYZZ01 sp015228785
s__JAENZX01 sp016841045
s__Nakamurella albus
s__Pseudidiomarina gelatinasegens
s__Vescimonas sp017937195
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031278855
s__Micavibrio_B sp027482195
s__Nautilia sp027063865
s__Pelagibacter sp902558585
s__Rhodoglobus sp029211225
s__F23-D06 sp017649855
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_U
s__Planktomarina sp020630595
s__Pontixanthobacter gangjinensis
s__RUG14156 sp946622415
s__JAGHAI01 sp027007865
s__OLB17 sp019639135
s__Hippea sp027045065
s__Quinella sp947165405
s__Kitasatospora xanthocidica
s__Arcticibacterium luteifluviistationis
s__Quinella sp017479925
s__Mesorhizobium sp024746835
s__Sphingomonas sp014841895
s__Streptomyces finlayi_A
s__PALSA-1295 sp017882165
s__Bact-19 sp028696755
s__Caldimonas caldifontis
s__UBA7584 sp947168085
s__Amarobacillus sp016191435
s__Desulfothermus sp027013815
s__JAUYHP01 sp030689595
s__Qipengyuania marisflavi
s__CAG-417 sp947628745
s__Micropruina sp013693855
s__Acetatifactor sp017480445
s__UBA2210 sp019313735
s__Clostridium_H aestuarii
s__JAGOQX01 sp018063105
s__JAISVD01 sp031271875
s__LFER01 sp913051655
s__CALVSV01 sp947631135
s__JAJRXG01 sp029262975
s__Paremcibacter sp021774875
s__Eubacterium_R sp946002045
s__Fuscibacter sp002336845
s__SHND01 sp029778615
s__CAJOOD01 sp949283025
s__Lunatimonas sp020832325
s__JAPLHB01 sp026389845
s__DRPN01 sp011374625
s__SXWH01 sp025355595
s__Chitinophaga sp001870995
s__Cryoxeromicrobium davisii
s__Herbiconiux aconitum
s__JACQAF01 sp016195145
s__UBA845 sp023954595
s__JAISTL01 sp031272615
s__JAAYZM01 sp029267995
s__67-14 sp016712175
s__UBA5342 sp002408065
s__JADJLQ01 sp029557915
s__Pseudoxanthobacter soli_A
s__JAAWPK01 sp947641575
s__Flavobacterium aquidurense_B
s__UBA737 sp017502965
s__PWHX01 sp003555415
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp946403965
s__HyVt-539 sp011321845
s__SZUA-430 sp003246795
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp017504305
s__CAG-552 sp017501145
s__UBA12090 sp003510525
s__UBA4096 sp945885655
s__Poseidonibacter sp002470185
s__Azospirillum sp015390205
s__JAUIFJ01 sp030429345
s__VBCG01 sp025925475
s__C7867-001 sp021782685
s__RUG592 sp902761025
s__Clostridium_AM sp900759715
s__Marinirhabdus gelatinilytica
s__Aestuariibacter_A halophilus
s__Paenisporosarcina sp003058165
s__Vescimonas sp017416445
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp005877965
s__Ancillula sp031262545
s__HGM13634 sp947589445
s__JAJQCI01 sp947632615
s__Galliscardovia vansinderenii
s__PALSA-743 sp003151955
s__COE1 sp002490665
s__Cellulomonas chitinilytica
s__Faecalibacterium sp934518555
s__JAPLSO01 sp026398595
s__JAUWZY01 sp030615045
s__WRIV01 sp031256115
s__CAG-269 sp934120315
s__Pelagibacter sp902636165
s__Trichococcus paludicola
s__Halopseudomonas sp002296055
s__AG-363-K07 sp003280225
s__JACCTY01 sp013812145
s__UBA6266 sp028717725
s__VRUG01 sp019456255
s__Sphingobium sp017744605
s__Immundisolibacter sp014359565
s__62-47 sp963204905
s__JACDHS01 sp937983475
s__Thermoanaerobacterium sp029960905
s__JAPUKZ01 sp027295405
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp021776615
s__Hydrogenophaga sp018780075
s__Apibacter sp031276535
s__Rhodobaculum sp007126375
s__Mucilaginibacter segetis
s__GCA-2861585 sp002861585
s__JAGXFU01 sp024637115
s__JAGQJE01 sp020430775
s__GCA-016699085 sp016699085
s__Zobellia uliginosa_B
s__CAG-269 sp947625985
s__Rhizomicrobium sp019242275
s__Puia sp017307755
s__Demequina sp002841315
s__Desulfosudis oleivorans
s__Pseudomonas_E sp013359595
s__JAADFW01 sp030632095
s__CALRBF01 sp937864235
s__Microgenomatus_A auricola_A
s__JAJYJX01 sp021789095
s__UBA5550 sp002418835
s__Loigolactobacillus binensis
s__Sphingomonas sp019746015
s__Roseburia sp934309475
s__Pseudolabrys sp030655215
s__Borrelia puertoricensis
s__Novosphingobium sp947477055
s__Nibricoccus sp946482625
s__JABFXX01 sp022842285
s__JABLXH01 sp013178155
s__Fen-671 sp030039575
s__RUG14515 sp012837435
s__Hymenobacter sp006352025
s__Solidesulfovibrio aerotolerans
s__UA16 sp016777435
s__Thioglobus_C sp018648985
s__JAAFGT01 sp010365215
s__JANQHX01 sp028282465
s__B1Sed10-187 sp003551485
s__Zwartia parapertussis_G
s__Streptomyces sp004005495
s__Pedobacter boryungensis
s__JAJONM01 sp021323415
s__B11-G9 sp024763455
s__Rhodoferax_C sp028868305
s__Neobacillus massiliamazoniensis
s__JACPHC01 sp016188775
s__Diaphorobacter_A sp011305995
s__Nodosilinea sp014696135
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214085
s__Meridianimarinicoccus sp020425105
s__JAITCX01 sp031282945
s__Pleomorphomonas sp023436885
s__JABDBB01 sp013288845
s__TMED8 sp002721825
s__JACRJZ01 sp022711695
s__Aphodocola sp949288335
s__Quinella sp017553205
s__RUG563 sp017448975
s__JAMCZK01 sp019454165
s__Luteimonas_D sp029887935
s__Chelatococcus_A sp030067675
s__Ga0077550 sp902826865
s__Limiplasma sp017517815
s__JAQTQH01 sp028706655
s__JAMXLL01 sp021323945
s__Treponema_D sp024400915
s__JAFGUB01 sp022729835
s__AG-363-K07 sp003211755
s__JAGUXU01 sp020061685
s__Intestinimonas sp944387725
s__GCA-2794515 sp025454675
s__DRQV01 sp030378105
s__Sulfuricystis sp030681195
s__Ferdinandcohnia aciditolerans
s__JAHEDC01 sp024641425
s__JACPLA01 sp016186715
s__Zoogloea dura
s__Limimorpha sp017549705
s__Leucobacter sp031178565
s__Alistipes sp017424405
s__DTLM01 sp025060325
s__Lentibacter sp016744435
s__Kitasatospora sp029893355
s__CAIWGR01 sp947483645
s__Methylocella sp002890675
s__UBA5343 sp002410125
s__MB11C04 sp028343845
s__JAAYTD01 sp017428585
s__G023898765 sp028289285
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017560625
s__Pararheinheimera riviphila
s__Fen-1064 sp903916765
s__WQXQ01 sp009786625
s__Desulfosporosinus infrequens
s__SLIZ01 sp007135395
s__Pedococcus sp027812955
s__Labilithrix sp025353725
s__JAISKJ01 sp031260975
s__DUVY01 sp937895465
s__Paraburkholderia fungorum_B
s__DULI01 sp012840445
s__JAQVWN01 sp028749475
s__CANHSF01 sp947463065
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp030426665
s__JANQKZ01 sp028280845
s__JADKFE01 sp023150775
s__CAMORM01 sp946623785
s__Neoroseomonas nitratireducens
s__UBA1783 sp012800355
s__UBA1711 sp017480145
s__Stieleria neptunia
s__UBA11096 sp026414575
s__Stercorousia sp902795965
s__UBA10511 sp903861195
s__JAGWBQ01 sp021295815
s__JABLXB01 sp013178305
s__SpSt-315 sp031081605
s__Dolichospermum sp900299285
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp030524745
s__CAMYIK01 sp947258365
s__M2408 sp016183815
s__Geodermatophilus endophyticus
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902623195
s__WQXH01 sp031264075
s__XYB1-FULL-40-15 sp001821555
s__Rhodanobacter sp028873095
s__Collinsella sp934646865
s__UBA9659 sp937775265
s__VXYL01 sp009839505
s__CAIXLI01 sp028865155
s__M3007 sp963169325
s__Mycobacterium sp025263565
s__DAIDIS01 sp027451785
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp009691915
s__Geothrix sp025361045
s__UBA9628 sp028717865
s__Agathobaculum pullicola
s__Nitrogeniibacter mangrovi
s__UBA1547 sp903866605
s__Mycobacterium sp008709575
s__Hymenobacter sp913778455
s__DTGQ01 sp023512255
s__JACQHK01 sp016199065
s__RPQK01 sp003819755
s__Paenalcaligenes sp947632305
s__Ventrenecus sp947594705
s__UBA9973 sp017991915
s__Guanabacterium sedimentis
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp938003725
s__Enterousia sp944389645
s__Mucilaginibacter sp018266935
s__UBA2834 sp946532885
s__UBA9973 sp027347985
s__CAIKAD01 sp903854335
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp944377425
s__Faecousia sp945949735
s__Sideroxyarcus sp029850565
s__JAAYEV01 sp012523075
s__28-YEA-48 sp947456315
s__Scybalousia sp934183185
s__Streptomyces qinzhouensis
s__Microbacterium sp029263575
s__UMGS124 sp934636245
s__JAJCYL01 sp029262955
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902536385
s__Scatousia sp944323725
s__PHOS-HE28 sp018267065
s__JAHIUG01 sp020056125
s__JAHBXL01 sp937995595
s__Sphingomonas sp004101245
s__S5-A14a sp029983755
s__Flavobacterium sp947444255
s__JAHIRM01 sp018818595
s__JAISHE01 sp025999735
s__RGIG7111 sp017538845
s__UBA2767 sp002352635
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000381825
s__OMOG01 sp900290305
s__Jejuia jejuensis
s__MB11C04 sp002689665
s__Mycoplasma_L sp949288005
s__Pelagibacter sp902596785
s__Hydrogenophaga sp002842215
s__GCA-2723275 sp029243025
s__JACPAR01 sp016180725
s__Flavobacterium omnivorum
s__Piscicoccus intestinalis
s__UBA956 sp945888515
s__Nonomuraea aurantiaca
s__CALKCM01 sp030836345
s__Dysgonomonas sp010501105
s__BCD1 sp008501835
s__UBA8309 sp913031555
s__RGIG7378 sp017559445
s__Phocaeicola_A sp947626525
s__Modicisalibacter sp946887195
s__Smithella sp003141615
s__F23-D06 sp017551725
s__WRGU01 sp031262565
s__JANWVU01 sp025056465
s__UBA9973 sp021413625
s__Maribacter sp938038975
s__4572-130 sp002084425
s__JANQRL01 sp028284605
s__JADFUO01 sp030614305
s__Gemella sp947254465
s__Helicobacter_I sp002272875
s__Nanosynbacter sp030537075
s__Clostridium_I acidisoli
s__JANQIW01 sp028281945
s__Tenacibaculum sp947492185
s__Geoalkalibacter_A subterraneus
s__Falsiroseomonas algicola
s__CSBr16-57R1 sp007116505
s__BAIKAL-G1 sp945861595
s__UBA4971 sp012518595
s__Gemmiger sp019424695
s__Limnobaculum parvum
s__Pedobacter psychrodurus
s__FB2012 sp900604945
s__Niastella sp937961055
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp947450115
s__CSP1-8 sp030668225
s__CAG-269 sp949287075
s__UBA2487 sp021790515
s__Palsa-465 sp027315255
s__JACPTX01 sp016192545
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BX
s__Roseococcus sp947462945
s__Chloracidobacterium sp025057975
s__CAJWHX01 sp937127265
s__Avispirillum sp029010655
s__Maritimibacter sp019218295
s__Bog-366 sp003165315
s__Janthinobacterium sp947446335
s__JAIRKI01 sp031271065
s__CANJVU01 sp947478525
s__RGVZ01 sp010029825
s__UM-FILTER-40-17 sp002841025
s__Hymenobacter terrenus
s__Lactobacillus sp947565635
s__T1SED10-81 sp003553945
s__GCA-002715885 sp002715885
s__CADCVQ01 sp030860005
s__Dysosmobacter sp934597465
s__CSP1-2 sp023250035
s__FACHB-1237 sp014696225
s__CAG-448 sp015065285
s__JABMQW01 sp030634675
s__Chryseobacterium limigenitum
s__Deinococcus budaensis
s__CALDPK01 sp937911855
s__UMGS1585 sp945910925
s__Ga0077530 sp963205015
s__UBA1213 sp902802985
s__WRNG01 sp009786345
s__Sporotomaculum thermosapovorans
s__JANQGL01 sp028282245
s__CACKLF01 sp902600895
s__MM2 sp946478965
s__Bog-1198 sp025355445
s__JALOSG01 sp025458665
s__Pirellula_B staleyi_C
s__Erythrobacter sp900149685
s__NP936 sp030745255
s__RUG11198 sp017480975
s__JAAYGP01 sp012727625
s__Pontiella sp024279685
s__DMER64 sp011620605
s__Caccoplasma_A sp017935575
s__Halotia branconii
s__Pelagibacter sp902526405
s__Prevotella sp017476785
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031262935
s__2-02-FULL-66-22 sp029580855
s__Rubrivirga marina
s__UBA11358 sp026225255
s__Microbulbifer salipaludis
s__CAG-605 sp944373095
s__J006 sp003697085
s__Propionicimonas sp029778515
s__Kouleothrix ribensis
s__Mycoplasma_O sp029942215
s__UBA737 sp017529165
s__AG11 sp030947165
s__Pseudomonas_K sagittaria
s__JAAKGP01 sp030848395
s__Nanosynbacter sp937915225
s__CAISDA01 sp903884005
s__NORP36 sp002733685
s__JACVRX01 sp014534205
s__UBA952 sp030830895
s__Limivicinus sp902778275
s__Chlorobaculum sp016931495
s__CAIRDP01 sp903837605
s__Sphingobacterium sp031277685
s__GWB2-37-7 sp029238945
s__Mesorhizobium manganicum
s__JAIXYK01 sp027490225
s__Palsa-288 sp030775885
s__Brevefilum sp019428905
s__Phreatobacter sp017304475
s__Novosphingobium aureum
s__Shimia sp022448905
s__RGDT01 sp009918525
s__Alteromonas iocasae
s__Thiobaca trueperi
s__QWPT01 sp027483065
s__JAQBVR01 sp027623015
s__JABEVK01 sp013044245
s__Geminicoccus roseus
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946413945
s__UBA1794 sp002315435
s__MFNH01 sp001781995
s__Streptomyces sp017377775
s__Sutcliffiella_A horikoshii_B
s__Mycobacterium sp021413425
s__SFTH01 sp945871545
s__Pelagibacter sp902513955
s__JAADIV01 sp011330685
s__RYN-111 sp025464915
s__UBA5578 sp947589735
s__Flavobacterium buctense_B
s__JAMDAP01 sp023484675
s__Collinsella sp958427895
s__NC2004 sp947169385
s__Anaeroplasma sp017441525
s__Lentihominibacter sp015058145
s__CAMAXZ01 sp945862325
s__JANQSA01 sp028281025
s__Sacchariniichlamydia sp011065225
s__Actinoplanes tereljensis
s__Methylobacterium nonmethylotrophicum
s__T78 sp012839565
s__VEOV01 sp009886125
s__UBA4334 sp002317225
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947624645
s__Chryseobacterium sp009900745
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028713855
s__Streptococcus mitis_BS
s__UBA4116 sp021201865
s__Cytobacillus massiliigabonensis
s__Micromonospora sp018070045
s__Parvibaculum indicum
s__Anaerobiospirillum sp944392765
s__JAEUJP01 sp937980205
s__Phormidium pseudopriestleyi
s__R-H-3 sp002198675
s__Gallionella sp001801175
s__JANLGW01 sp016764335
s__Pelagibacter sp902573385
s__JABAAK01 sp014238475
s__JAJPHO01 sp021325215
s__Nocardia iowensis
s__Bauldia sp020442045
s__UBA737 sp002315765
s__Sphingobium sp030867385
s__UBA4416 sp025359355
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris_E
s__SXOO01 sp947498315
s__UBA724 sp913051755
s__Conexibacter sp025964325
s__RUG099 sp012510935
s__Caccoplasma_A sp017546805
s__DP16D-bin41 sp004321905
s__Eubacterium_G sp017965495
s__Hyphomonas chukchiensis
s__UBA7377 sp902586195
s__JALWZV01 sp027002315
s__Luminiphilus sp913056165
s__Parasynechococcus sp003211535
s__UBA8515 sp025361085
s__WGA-3G sp022820835
s__Flavisolibacter sp017745135
s__YN15 sp023386955
s__Cecembia sp003797895
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp029260935
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_U
s__JAGYKE01 sp006227805
s__Streptomyces sp004795035
s__Elarobacter sp937910425
s__M2408 sp945870115
s__JACOSL01 sp016179045
s__Tharpella sp016938065
s__Caballeronia sp030464885
s__JARFQV01 sp029287615
s__PNKF01 sp016871895
s__JALUEN01 sp027052755
s__CAIXLI01 sp903920205
s__JAJQDJ01 sp021201655
s__Mycobacterium sp023264765
s__AAP99 sp001295775
s__Tsuneonella rigui
s__JAJZKY01 sp021803885
s__UBA1430 sp013374835
s__JAUXOF01 sp030682405
s__JAMDCU01 sp023489485
s__MED-G14 sp902515405
s__Parabacteroides sp028689545
s__Halomicronema sp010671905
s__JAENWF01 sp016650215
s__JADFMN01 sp025451715
s__UBA1254 sp902785935
s__Onthoplasma sp947593585
s__Faecousia sp031262065
s__Desulfovibrio sp014803725
s__CAG-115 sp945935925
s__CAIYYN01 sp031291595
s__13-2-20CM-68-14 sp030774275
s__JASEEX01 sp030019415
s__WRKP01 sp031276415
s__Posidoniimonas polymericola
s__AG41 sp003222155
s__Faecousia sp017435525
s__CR02bin9 sp029262275
s__Vineibacter sp026126245
s__Actinokineospora diospyrosa
s__JACTMZ01 sp021463515
s__Roseovarius sp016278295
s__Pseudobacter sp012927185
s__GCA-2726245 sp963204995
s__JAMFSN01 sp026225295
s__UBA1006 sp020428585
s__Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans_B
s__UBA7396 sp024710565
s__JAHIVE01 sp018816805
s__Lederbergia_A sp019459225
s__DAIDJW01 sp027450165
s__Hydrogenophaga sp016741995
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp016722565
s__JAGVLE01 sp020049895
s__JACKLD01 sp024236095
s__OLB19 sp007117575
s__JAISGY01 sp031262495
s__Nostoc desertorum
s__CAG-1000 sp946414095
s__Gp6-AA40 sp025938035
s__AZRK01 sp002895485
s__Longibacter sp009908725
s__JADJCH01 sp023734135
s__JAOUEW01 sp029858505
s__PNNN01 sp016218025
s__DFXE01 sp031280435
s__GCA-1730015 sp938007995
s__Nitrococcus mobilis
s__RUG14240 sp017455185
s__JABLXZ01 sp937139435
s__UBA2199 sp028749105
s__JAFAME01 sp019233695
s__UBA7862 sp949290565
s__JACPXZ01 sp016196225
s__CAG-196 sp944326125
s__Luteibacter sp900109915
s__Microsaccharimonas sp948288625
s__Comamonas sp015478895
s__UBA1756 sp002314795
s__Flavobacterium sp025919725
s__JAUUWJ01 sp030589175
s__SURF-27 sp003597995
s__UBA1255 sp017620915
s__JAAXWV01 sp013334845
s__JACDBZ01 sp030862645
s__Hanstruepera marina
s__JANYKC01 sp025358255
s__Marinobacter sediminum
s__Ralstonia sp000801955
s__Acutalibacter sp944376265
s__CAINVV01 sp945873105
s__JAFLDD01 sp021300075
s__Kitasatospora sp026342405
s__AUK324 sp021159525
s__UBA7703 sp003246365
s__QAKW01 sp017442025
s__JAISKG01 sp031261015
s__Acetilactobacillus sp934216625
s__Catenuloplanes nepalensis
s__Carboxylicivirga sp002429115
s__Telluria sp028292765
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp026169505
s__UBA1428 sp002329335
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp002733905
s__UBA4096 sp023701435
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944323775
s__Leptospira_B andrefontaineae
s__Ruminococcus sp015066925
s__GCA-2686945 sp014238415
s__Ligilactobacillus ubinensis
s__JAEZJH01 sp023436385
s__Protoclostridium sp947588325
s__Nonlabens antarcticus
s__Dorea sp934307335
s__Halanaerobium praevalens
s__Marixanthomonas sp913057965
s__JAJOLG01 sp021129445
s__Erythrobacter sp024305245
s__Kocuria sp947500125
s__Blattabacterium sp000022605
s__HGM11525 sp945948775
s__JANQNW01 sp028279375
s__Gilliamella sp009795885
s__SPBP01 sp004525935
s__JAIRMZ01 sp031258355
s__Clostridium sp018918325
s__T3SED10-7 sp007136055
s__WRKP01 sp031268995
s__UBA4572 sp027335985
s__Huintestinicola sp022787085
s__Microbacterium sp001423485
s__JAEXFV01 sp023451115
s__Qipengyuania gaetbuli_A
s__UBA9659 sp016779585
s__UBA2658 sp018053145
s__JANQQT01 sp028284925
s__OLB5 sp014879675
s__Tenebribacter sp021157645
s__Borkfalkia sp902465495
s__Enterocloster sp958441075
s__Priestia sp003184905
s__Marmoricola pocheonensis
s__Mesorhizobium sp024297145
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp023269035
s__JACOZG01 sp016181465
s__SYFY01 sp945878745
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900187645
s__Brevundimonas sp030704825
s__Paracoccus salipaludis
s__Propioniciclava sp016711325
s__Faecousia sp017452505
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288085
s__SG8-41 sp016192825
s__Tatlockia tunisiensis
s__Collinsella sp902494035
s__JACPPC01 sp016191225
s__Vitreimonas sp023461135
s__Clostridium_D collagenovorans
s__Hominicoprocola sp017527825
s__REEB54 sp018968785
s__MVCY01 sp030640765
s__OLB6 sp020050895
s__BM519 sp003599205
s__SIG440 sp015068845
s__Rhodoferax sp030683195
s__UBA3663 sp018065085
s__UBA4719 sp003157445
s__WRNX01 sp031253655
s__RGIG9934 sp017646325
s__Marinacidobacterium sp022822745
s__Coprococcus sp016296785
s__Rubrivivax sp024641945
s__Gp1-AA112 sp025980765
s__RUG410 sp017528205
s__Ligilactobacillus sp934201845
s__GRL18 sp030632625
s__Marinobacter sp019392195
s__Bartonella sp026929975
s__Desulfocapsa sp030635405
s__Sulfuricystis sp903930805
s__Gallionella sp023259035
s__Hassallia sp949127805
s__PH2015 sp025055035
s__Pseudomonas sp009189165
s__UBA10103 sp016432285
s__Haemophilus_A parahaemolyticus_A
s__Marivirga sericea
s__JABDCD01 sp028873275
s__JANQIV01 sp028282005
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AC
s__Ensifer_A sp024055895
s__Anaerocolumna sp023424235
s__Peribacillus loiseleuriae
s__CAG-873 sp019415705
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216895
s__Limivicinus sp017550765
s__JAMDAJ01 sp023485925
s__MSJ-26 sp018918075
s__Planktophila sp026392825
s__JAUCGI01 sp030378035
s__Murdochiella sp028726605
s__JACPVF01 sp938008865
s__QEYE01 sp003122205
s__Trichormus azoticus
s__M0040 sp027065695
s__Collinsella sp019414025
s__Neobacillus drentensis_A
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947629795
s__Trichlorobacter sp002383415
s__WLMZ01 sp009726095
s__Sedimentibacter sp002316585
s__UBA3006 sp023254985
s__Mobilitalea sp023392995
s__JdFR-76 sp002011685
s__JAAYVR01 sp029907285
s__JAUYGU01 sp030690405
s__JAGOMX01 sp017993335
s__Psychrobacter urativorans_A
s__SFHK01 sp017396845
s__Scleromatobacter sp013289985
s__JACRIB01 sp026395515
s__Hoyosella sp026041215
s__Methylobacterium sp014191355
s__Alistipes sp015060045
s__JAJDOA01 sp022340405
s__UBA8653 sp002700845
s__Congzhengia sp017629115
s__FB2012 sp017542125
s__Nocardioides sp001429625
s__JAHFOW01 sp023261465
s__UBA4636 sp958419945
s__RGIG4140 sp017647405
s__Streptomyces sp016432725
s__Edaphobacter sp025462885
s__JAJDBU01 sp029261195
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944322745
s__CADCVQ01 sp019348435
s__SIG200 sp947630055
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000239795
s__CAG-170 sp934643765
s__Clostridium_AB sp023389275
s__Faecalibacterium sp937880095
s__Rubinisphaera sp027000105
s__Marmoricola sp017744365
s__JAHFCZ01 sp023249285
s__Pseudomonas_E sp903970465
s__GCA-002733185 sp027081505
s__JAFMHK01 sp017854585
s__UBA953 sp007280935
s__Nodosilinea sp016403105
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp934256695
s__Lentzea sp030269605
s__Aestuariirhabdus sp030622755
s__Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens_B
s__Phormidesmis foveolarum
s__Bosea sp019745195
s__Rhodanobacter sp002001165
s__Kosmotoga_B arenicorallina
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp023260935
s__Kingella_B oralis_A
s__Ureibacillus halotolerans
s__Terriglobus sp026225595
s__Caccovivens sp015069395
s__Hominiventricola sp030524125
s__Fimenecus sp022768065
s__Sphingomicrobium flavum
s__JAHEEL01 sp023336855
s__JAHFLR01 sp023244795
s__JAFDVJ01 sp018269075
s__Marmoricola sp019510315
s__Tateyamaria sp947494755
s__Paracraurococcus ruber_A
s__Aquirufa fluvialis_D
s__CAILVY01 sp903837785
s__Achromobacter sp016428805
s__Mycobacterium sp004745805
s__Paenibacillus_O herberti
s__Brevibacillus_D fluminis
s__CAZU01 sp949295085
s__Motilimonas cestriensis
s__Streptomyces niveus_A
s__Citreicoccus sp016458225
s__Vibrio tubiashii_B
s__Roseovarius atlanticus
s__JAMDCX01 sp021785155
s__Holophaga sp030691225
s__Sediminibacterium sp947458915
s__JAJCYX01 sp028281895
s__79-D21 sp015657435
s__JADJPF01 sp016213785
s__Moryella sp902766175
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280895
s__Casp-alpha2 sp013204265
s__CACHNP01 sp902581285
s__Scybalenecus sp015655975
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp030654175
s__JANQQG01 sp028285065
s__JAJTHO01 sp021297975
s__Acidocella sp028687415
s__CALMXW01 sp937871115
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003277985
s__Flavobacterium sp030151565
s__Rhodococcus spongiicola
s__M3007 sp020850025
s__RUG591 sp947624175
s__Acetatifactor sp947575805
s__Dolichospermum sp014697585
s__REEB354 sp027452165
s__JACVRR01 sp014534345
s__FEN-979 sp026391805
s__Tepidiforma sp963169135
s__UBA1768 sp002315335
s__Aquabacter spiritensis
s__CAG-273 sp947626335
s__WHSP01 sp031260285
s__M55B182 sp021736525
s__UBA12481 sp007280905
s__Acinetobacter sp022549355
s__Sutcliffiella_A sp012911845
s__Ensifer sp013371465
s__Flavobacterium sp015478765
s__Polaribacter_A sp913062575
s__VGCI01 sp016870095
s__JAGPUQ01 sp030590275
s__CANNBR01 sp947502805
s__Methylovulum sp028712695
s__GCA-002707645 sp002707645
s__Geobacillus jurassicus
s__Algoriphagus sp023255285
s__CALHYX01 sp938041035
s__Myxococcus stipitatus_A
s__Streptococcus hyointestinalis_A
s__JAIRNI01 sp031268935
s__HRBIN23 sp025060295
s__UBA4416 sp013823565
s__Boudabousia marimammalium
s__UBA8639 sp029261255
s__UBA9216 sp003245835
s__UBA3789 sp937897245
s__Chitinophaga sancti
s__Nesterenkonia sedimenti
s__Gilliamella sp946482005
s__Clostridium_H sp026719745
s__DZBS01 sp022729995
s__G020356045 sp020352495
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp023426425
s__CAILKP01 sp903834785
s__Pelagibacter sp902627745
s__JAIRYT01 sp031267675
s__Arthrobacter sp018613695
s__Lentibacillus amyloliquefaciens
s__JAIROO01 sp031279525
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021780095
s__Pseudomonas_E reidholzensis
s__UBA940 sp002293665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017506825
s__Prevotella sp017447515
s__JACMQM01 sp028288405
s__SIG351 sp015056475
s__JAEWAH01 sp023391725
s__LZORAL124-64-63 sp030590265
s__Gallimonas sp947632195
s__CAG-590 sp017622535
s__Planomonospora_A venezuelensis
s__SIG598 sp017936365
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp025451845
s__RBG-16-64-13 sp012729575
s__PCPOR2b sp003635265
s__FACHB-261 sp014696065
s__Halofilum ochraceum
s__MED-G20 sp905181675
s__RUG14305 sp902797785
s__Paraflavitalea sp029360705
s__Pelagibacter sp902514665
s__DAHUYW01 sp027314665
s__CAITNM01 sp947487955
s__Metabacillus malikii
s__Bdellovibrio sp024711265
s__Roseospirillum parvum
s__UBA6233 sp028717055
s__Alectryocaccomicrobium sp015056055
s__DSRU01 sp015296075
s__Occallatibacter sp002314435
s__CALLCD01 sp029287305
s__JAGOTR01 sp018061685
s__Dermabacter sp946223075
s__PALSA-747 sp903842855
s__UBA5189 sp004297395
s__Niabella sp030150205
s__HK-STAS-PATE-42 sp030917805
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031290625
s__SXIZ01 sp005779525
s__Holophaga sp002319925
s__Palsa-288 sp003133205
s__Biomaibacter sp012840135
s__JAEYVB01 sp023429345
s__UBA4720 sp003131365
s__ZC4RG38 sp021890795
s__Collinsella sp019414445
s__Nannocystis bainbridge
s__Reyranella sp017990895
s__Echinicola marina
s__Rhizomicrobium sp021324545
s__JAUIKM01 sp030430495
s__Tidjanibacter sp017630115
s__Desulfonatronum thioautotrophicum
s__Capsulimonas corticalis
s__GWC2-37-13 sp002786595
s__Lachnoclostridium sp023387655
s__Weimeria sp029338735
s__Brumimicrobium mesophilum
s__JABWCE01 sp020849295
s__Chromulinivorax sp947377595
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AG
s__JAAXHB01 sp012271125
s__Pelobium sp004294495
s__CAKZIX01 sp936936565
s__Herminiimonas arsenitoxidans
s__Neptunochlamydia sp946127115
s__CAG-269 sp944386175
s__Klenkia terrae
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902595625
s__JAEELB01 sp024695225
s__Pseudorivibacter sp946481025
s__JALEVB01 sp022768265
s__CAKSQF01 sp017452565
s__JADHZC01 sp015657545
s__Ventricola sp017412025
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp014352955
s__Jannaschia sp016820245
s__Ruficoccus sp019603315
s__Nonomuraea sp018603905
s__Micromonospora olivasterospora
s__Polaromonas glacialis
s__Vulcanococcus sp019104765
s__BPHB01 sp026003335
s__JACKDL01 sp020633555
s__Elioraea_A rosea
s__Paenibacillus_D daejeonensis
s__Actinosynnema australiense
s__C7867-001 sp022842585
s__GCA-002688135 sp002688135
s__JAHFAB01 sp023250795
s__Pelagibacter sp902569615
s__Onishia sp014840935
s__Aldehydirespirator sp026710865
s__WTBX01 sp023144875
s__NK4A144 sp016280355
s__Feifania hominis
s__J027 sp010092845
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216835
s__RUG099 sp017404265
s__JAGUWJ01 sp020062425
s__Curtobacterium sp007673775
s__DAOUUR01 sp030668045
s__Psychromonas sp028041985
s__JAQBPA01 sp028287765
s__JAQTRU01 sp028711655
s__CAG-433 sp947624565
s__CAKVOU01 sp934796165
s__PWND01 sp018335675
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017483985
s__Pseudolabrys sp019246455
s__Chryseobacterium viscerum_A
s__Fictibacillus_C macauensis
s__Aestuariivivens insulae
s__Blautia_A sp944380045
s__Dictyobacter sp015099395
s__JAAYDE01 sp016926265
s__UBA2192 sp002067855
s__JAJCYK01 sp029861825
s__CALCCE01 sp937899835
s__Sphingomonas sp023390675
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp015488565
s__Roseibacillus ishigakijimensis
s__CAG-590 sp947625015
s__CAZU01 sp949292335
s__Variovorax soli
s__ER46 sp016794785
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp023390485
s__JAEUJQ01 sp030681895
s__Pilibacter sp031279745
s__Ventrenecus sp934101275
s__Vescimonas sp018064925
s__HDS-20 sp018680005
s__JANYCO01 sp025360235
s__SCRA01 sp004298665
s__UBA7803 sp024640825
s__UBA6669 sp963205455
s__UBA1711 sp017480525
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp937921725
s__Pseudaminobacter sp023387775
s__JAEUSD01 sp016788825
s__JAUASV01 sp030345695
s__Nesterenkonia sandarakina_A
s__RGIG3040 sp017476765
s__JABDQW01 sp029287435
s__CAG-115 sp947631115
s__Quinella sp905236255
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BP
s__JAATFY01 sp015654915
s__CAG-269 sp944388735
s__Sphingobium sp946885845
s__Sulfurimonas sp026193155
s__UBA2645_A sp945874115
s__Limosilactobacillus sp934202235
s__DTU059 sp026418215
s__Sphingobium subterraneum
s__UBA1844 sp030425905
s__Pseudomonas_F sp029871245
s__JASCQG01 sp030005555
s__Microbacterium trichothecenolyticum_B
s__Marinobacter sp000169375
s__WHSO01 sp030831315
s__Chitinophaga niabensis
s__CAG-1024 sp030526425
s__Sphingomonas sp903644135
s__Oceanithermus sp015493285
s__Agrobacterium rhizogenes_C
s__Brevundimonas sp017308115
s__Rhodoluna sp024639845
s__Flexilinea sp017432685
s__Treponema_D sp022640795
s__JAFGXH01 sp016936735
s__67-14 sp020438355
s__WJIP01 sp014730185
s__Maliibacterium massiliense
s__Streptomyces albus_E
s__Andeanibacterium sp020539485
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902603945
s__Pelomonas sp019509985
s__Campylobacter_A sp937965895
s__VGCI01 sp016869075
s__WQXQ01 sp025997895
s__JAGQUM01 sp020438485
s__Caldibacillus_B pasinlerensis
s__Wagnerdoeblera faecalis
s__JAJEBT01 sp022822405
s__RGIG3994 sp015064095
s__Nocardioides sp030412965
s__Bremerella sp028748185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017437125
s__DYOT01 sp020720345
s__UBA1672 sp026989265
s__Dictyobacter vulcani
s__Paremcibacter sp026982375
s__JAALKG01 sp011088145
s__Syntrophotalea_A sp021107335
s__JAFGJC01 sp016929305
s__Corynebacterium sp019209905
s__WYBJ01 sp009377585
s__JACRAR01 sp016194935
s__UBA2658 sp002359425
s__Magnetospirillum sp020217035
s__Sporobacter sp012521555
s__Clostridium sp934754915
s__RF16 sp946184195
s__UBA8346 sp023401925
s__UBA6627 sp028279505
s__UBA9973 sp001786015
s__Maribacter_B vaceletii
s__VFKD01 sp009885735
s__UBA737 sp017615405
s__SCN-70-22 sp020846935
s__Geopsychrobacter sp024276905
s__Roseicyclus sp018401965
s__Psychromicrobium lacuslunae
s__JAISNH01 sp031276335
s__Pelosinus sp946415545
s__Methyloceanibacter sp025449615
s__Thermosulfurimonas_A dismutans_A
s__UBA1535 sp002332905
s__Vescimonas sp020025305
s__MGBC164599 sp947651335
s__UBA1213 sp947589485
s__JAUYKM01 sp030699125
s__BMAH01 sp014132615
s__Diaphorobacter_A sp011305535
s__Enterousia sp944389535
s__UBA4334 sp018064505
s__Prevotella sp017617615
s__Lawsonibacter sp015067885
s__JAADGH01 sp013152475
s__Nonomuraea jabiensis
s__Paenalcaligenes sp004791645
s__SURF-38 sp003599335
s__UBA6107 sp009773005
s__Prevotella sp946534585
s__Bosea sp900113835
s__Psychrobacter sp022129235
s__UBA2943 sp902774025
s__MGBC120314 sp029226085
s__DYTH01 sp023229765
s__Pelagibacter sp902587735
s__Pseudomarimonas sp020442465
s__Prevotella sp937874345
s__Suilimivivens sp947382625
s__UBA1786 sp024398405
s__Electrothrix arhusiensis
s__JACKOX01 sp020442545
s__JAQBXG01 sp027625125
s__Gottfriedia sp001420605
s__UBA1752 sp017614095
s__JANBVL01 sp030588745
s__DTU072 sp028703745
s__UBA993 sp002292015
s__Micromonospora sp029626175
s__Streptomyces swartbergensis
s__MS024-2A sp913041125
s__UBA4996 sp012799535
s__Laedolimicola sp934402125
s__JAJZWQ01 sp021846605
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002836515
s__UMGS1754 sp944393565
s__Kosakonia sp030704225
s__UBA8752 sp030828175
s__CACIJG01 sp902586885
s__Elusimicrobium minutum
s__UBA4372 sp017558255
s__Psychroserpens mesophilus
s__CAIURC01 sp945861435
s__Palsa-1150 sp937902985
s__Telluria aurea
s__Faecousia sp017410075
s__CALMEG01 sp937863185
s__MED-G13 sp902510475
s__Methylomonas sp009925045
s__Prevotella sp946188155
s__UBA8949 sp012520975
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp007133115
s__Pelagibacter sp902559075
s__QOAV01 sp003972845
s__Mariniblastus sp022447605
s__JAAYCM01 sp012729765
s__Methyloversatilis thermotolerans
s__SZUA-117 sp029243005
s__Glo-13 sp003354025
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281415
s__Denitrolinea sp016234485
s__CALLXS01 sp028691175
s__SYIM01 sp945872335
s__Rubripirellula sp012270385
s__Microtetraspora malaysiensis
s__ELB16-189 sp025359125
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017617495
s__JAFMJV01 sp019637815
s__Paracraurococcus aerolata
s__JANLFZ01 sp024653385
s__Nocardia rhizosphaerihabitans
s__Thermoflavifilum sp023511875
s__Nitratiruptor sp015494595
s__QIAS01 sp003225615
s__SLOU01 sp007132385
s__Streptococcus sp001813675
s__JAILEN01 sp024692825
s__CALRGO01 sp023244835
s__JAJXXT01 sp021780935
s__JAFGXW01 sp030641535
s__Scatosoma sp017505465
s__RF16 sp024399785
s__SCRD01 sp021827245
s__Corynebacterium lemuris
s__JAAZNV01 sp012798115
s__MGBC162267 sp022791775
s__Iamia sp019443745
s__Paracoccus gahaiensis
s__Caccovivens sp947624415
s__UBA9145 sp902597095
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902517535
s__JAPLZH01 sp026395105
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp030148425
s__MGBC162267 sp022793555
s__JAFGMV01 sp016927315
s__Rhodoferax_C sp009925925
s__Amycolatopsis sp031082405
s__Desulforhopalus sp011391225
s__Erythrobacter crassostrea
s__DYGC01 sp020724925
s__Gorgyraea sp018818505
s__RGIG1965 sp017396125
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp021782525
s__JAUWQU01 sp030610965
s__Halocynthiibacter styelae
s__ZFBP1038 sp025787225
s__Altimarinus sp002412935
s__Aliiglaciecola sp028356795
s__JAHFQI01 sp023259355
s__Paenibacillus_A pinistramenti
s__Simiduia curdlanivorans
s__Anoxybacillus_B vitaminiphilus
s__Phaeospirillum fulvum_B
s__CAG-452 sp030539215
s__RUG13583 sp017649685
s__AG-409-P01 sp003215335
s__CAIXZV01 sp021812735
s__CADEFT01 sp020847975
s__Cybelea sp024281075
s__Chryseobacterium sp026460945
s__Mycobacterium sp001667265
s__JACPRC01 sp016190175
s__Sulfurimonas sp016764205
s__Gordonia iterans
s__PUMT01 sp003554865
s__Thalassomonas actiniarum
s__Luminiphilus sp913057135
s__PMG-095 sp003242355
s__Mariprofundus micogutta
s__RGMU01 sp010021705
s__28-YEA-48 sp947474545
s__Pseudomonas_E sp902506535
s__Mobilitalea sp003519685
s__Fimbriimonas sp947447315
s__Allosphingosinicella sp030777185
s__UBA11398 sp030652695
s__JAFGDS01 sp016931995
s__JABMMZ01 sp030682255
s__JAFGPO01 sp016936155
s__Paramesorhizobium salinisoli
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas sp030149965
s__SFTH01 sp030537335
s__Metaruminococcus_A sp958427155
s__JAHFCA01 sp023249715
s__Gallimonas sp947629605
s__JAIBCL01 sp019694165
s__Rhodoferax sp031291305
s__OFTM209 sp029260235
s__GCA-2737665 sp021299855
s__Sinorhizobium sp000421085
s__RUG099 sp015058265
s__Cellulomonas pakistanensis
s__Thermochromatium tepidum_A
s__Actinopolyspora xinjiangensis
s__JACQHE01 sp030679255
s__CANPXH01 sp947589405
s__Specibacter cremeus
s__Mycobacterium sp029892685
s__Roseicyclus sp025211115
s__Comamonas sp031253795
s__Schaedlerella sp948468385
s__HCHbin5 sp015229095
s__Nocardia bovistercoris
s__SIG450 sp015068665
s__RBG-13-51-36 sp022866545
s__Paenibacillus_G mucilaginosus_A
s__JAIRYO01 sp031267725
s__Chitinophaga rhizosphaerae
s__1-19 sp001922585
s__URHD0088 sp028291405
s__Wujia sp902762955
s__Salegentibacter flavus
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_V
s__Pleomorphomonas sp018262575
s__Caulobacter sp947036865
s__Eubacterium_F sp021770615
s__Roseovarius sp947503145
s__UBA10151 sp028712705
s__HGM11386 sp949294845
s__PNKL01 sp013822425
s__Sulfurospirillum sp002307095
s__Rhodosalinus halophilus
s__JAGQRA01 sp020425925
s__Amphritea sp030547545
s__Thermovibrio sp026987115
s__Nonomuraea africana
s__GCA-016699835 sp016699835
s__Parabacteroides sp949287365
s__Bosea sp900473415
s__Rhizobium_E sp005222915
s__Pelagibacter sp902540235
s__Methylocystis sp021731785
s__UBA2862 sp902790525
s__Winogradskyella arenosi
s__CALKJU01 sp937995535
s__Sodaliphilus sp946187345
s__JAEZAF01 sp025454525
s__Andreesenia sp023420895
s__Pasteurella multocida_A
s__JACQEN01 sp016200585
s__TMED113 sp002170235
s__Anaerobacillus arseniciselenatis
s__Thiolinea sp937925855
s__JAIRKV01 sp031265155
s__UBA5905 sp934630515
s__SZUA-100 sp027000565
s__RGIG8050 sp023666145
s__GWF2-50-10 sp001824635
s__Prevotella sp017619375
s__Erwinia sp900068895
s__Pseudonocardia parietis
s__Enterococcus_A dongliensis
s__CAG-269 sp944386705
s__UBA9215 sp024280495
s__Acidoferrum sp955651735
s__CALEEC01 sp937949245
s__JAKAJH01 sp025455125
s__Flavobacterium phragmitis
s__Leucobacter denitrificans
s__Pelagibacter sp902552985
s__Prevotella sp938023885
s__CF-28 sp005881825
s__JACPWV01 sp016196905
s__Mesorhizobium sp016756535
s__PPXY01 sp021655115
s__Streptomyces sp003725745
s__UBA4372 sp902771725
s__UBA12191 sp913056395
s__Pararhizobium sp024426085
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp946480675
s__Salinicola aestuarinus
s__UBA1930 sp023251255
s__JAHXGO01 sp019923695
s__Neoroseomonas sp022842185
s__JAFDWI01 sp018268545
s__SYFT01 sp024640135
s__JAFGNU01 sp016926875
s__Papillibacter cinnamivorans
s__SIG200 sp947631365
s__Rhodobacter sp020023995
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017559545
s__JAKALS01 sp021825955
s__GCA-002733185 sp022562895
s__UBA1259 sp017503265
s__JAGVSZ01 sp019137045
s__Erythrobacter sp006226465
s__Pelagibacter sp902629695
s__Neobacillus sp030123065
s__Faecalibacterium sp934532365
s__RUG592 sp902792115
s__SZUA-76 sp003232725
s__AA152 sp022616665
s__Streptomyces ossamyceticus
s__Niastella soli
s__VEQN01 sp018883165
s__Sulfuritalea sp030247575
s__JAADEM01 sp027010905
s__JADJXV01 sp016720145
s__Pleionea sp013373375
s__Coproplasma sp944368155
s__B18-G4 sp023145125
s__JAGSOU01 sp018139985
s__CAG-1252 sp002308575
s__Pelomonas sp001425055
s__RI-421 sp016125255
s__PWMP01 sp003557485
s__Collinsella sp018363345
s__Nocardioides_C sp902805855
s__JACPWG01 sp016197205
s__WJMF01 sp014728085
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017475405
s__CAG-590 sp905235345
s__Rhabdonatronobacter sp020832705
s__Mycoplasmopsis simbae
s__Anaerobacterium sp023390115
s__Dictyobacter arantiisoli
s__BICA1-8 sp000802045
s__Acidocella sp021805545
s__Streptomyces oryzae
s__GCA-2746885 sp029549845
s__JAIRPC01 sp031269205
s__CAMATL01 sp023249935
s__Collimonas sp900113705
s__JAISJH01 sp031261635
s__Halothermothrix orenii
s__VXYL01 sp028821405
s__Nocardia niwae
s__Loktanella sp024635625
s__JACKEA01 sp019637295
s__Acinetobacter sp002135435
s__VBCK01 sp005882215
s__JABDLF01 sp013003115
s__JAHDIR01 sp937980625
s__Blastochloris sulfoviridis
s__MEDG-81 sp902595715
s__Maridesulfovibrio gilichinskyi
s__Sulfitobacter sp000156335
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003086895
s__JAGQYH01 sp020436175
s__Pelagibacter sp902583645
s__UBA3941 sp012518535
s__JANQIR01 sp028282065
s__Microbacterium halotolerans
s__Maribacter_C sp937929935
s__Onthomonas sp021203185
s__Bulleidia sp017515505
s__SIG79 sp015061845
s__Flexilinea sp937890875
s__DULL01 sp012840395
s__Rhizomicrobium electricum
s__Electronema sp002413355
s__UBA10649 sp017856385
s__JAKAWQ01 sp030044345
s__Arenimonas malthae
s__JAFEAR01 sp018266335
s__Micromonospora halophytica
s__Azorhizobium doebereinerae
s__JAAZEB01 sp012512505
s__UBA3015 sp010028775
s__JACKIL01 sp020638525
s__Janthinobacterium psychrotolerans
s__Alicyclobacillus_A pomorum
s__Bacteroides sp031262995
s__Methylotenera sp030682715
s__Rubrivivax sp025458805
s__Prevotella sp902497035
s__Mariprofundus sp030951065
s__Halomonas getboli
s__Frondihabitans sucicola
s__RGIG1864 sp017397315
s__Parvularcula sp013215175
s__JAEUJQ01 sp014879945
s__UBA3305 sp902783295
s__Collinsella sp902493545
s__JAGQSC01 sp029263455
s__UBA9214 sp030635865
s__Telluria pinisoli
s__2-01-FULL-40-42 sp025451885
s__Pedobacter sp030816015
s__Chth-196 sp947478975
s__JACQXU01 sp016208545
s__Collinsella sp902495525
s__Scatosoma sp017626305
s__Paenibacillus sp024159265
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017480035
s__Thermocrinis sp022759285
s__UBA1221 sp002309425
s__Gemmatimonas sp018969225
s__Pelagibacter sp902597055
s__JACZUY01 sp022572945
s__Sphingomicrobium caseinilyticus
s__JABMMZ01 sp030158725
s__Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens_A
s__Homoserinibacter mangrovi
s__Sphingomonas_N sp019239915
s__JADFNO01 sp022567855
s__Pseudoscilispira sp020025175
s__Brasilonema sp017982655
s__JALQTR01 sp023260835
s__JALSRK01 sp026984795
s__JAFDKF01 sp030145035
s__Palsa-1447 sp003168315
s__JAHEGP01 sp024645065
s__UBA10438 sp018882895
s__JAFDVN01 sp016192145
s__Rariglobus sp025361935
s__WQWV01 sp031255155
s__JACPNS01 sp016463365
s__JAGWAQ01 sp011522975
s__Legionella drancourtii
s__JANWWM01 sp937959145
s__Hoeflea sp018829385
s__Campylobacter_B sp012728225
s__BOG-234 sp903893525
s__Lepagella sp014800515
s__Amycolatopsis oliviviridis
s__Flavobacterium baculatum
s__QAKD01 sp934278965
s__Arenibacter troitsensis
s__SURF-23 sp003599275
s__UBA3207 sp946612405
s__UBA993 sp016874655
s__MFKM01 sp001779575
s__Desulfofalx alkaliphila
s__Tardiphaga robiniae_A
s__Saccharofermentans sp947303185
s__Cellulosilyticum sp015058045
s__Hornefia sp017425345
s__RUG11792 sp017475965
s__SBAX01 sp020056715
s__JAKSUM01 sp024409025
s__JAADHG01 sp013151975
s__Cardinium sp004354815
s__Bacillus_BJ sp002860165
s__AV40 sp955652155
s__Desulfonispora thiosulfatigenes
s__Zeimonas sp027493945
s__JAAYDC01 sp012729455
s__JAFLUQ01 sp947630525
s__G020346285 sp020346285
s__JAAUTJ01 sp012031475
s__AVCC01 sp000622895
s__Moheibacter lacus
s__Pigmentiphaga sp002188465
s__Nitrospirillum amazonense_C
s__S36-B12 sp030836325
s__Planobispora longispora
s__Opi-474 sp028293545
s__RGIG3732 sp017959995
s__CAG-510 sp947177465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017412645
s__Fervidibacter sp026419315
s__UBA3631 sp947632415
s__Streptococcus mitis_I
s__Limivicinus sp945917385
s__SXYR01 sp016868895
s__Tenacibaculum agarivorans
s__RGIG1588 sp017480565
s__32-111 sp020721805
s__Achromobacter sp001428845
s__55-13 sp020851885
s__JAUXJX01 sp030624545
s__Lepagella sp022509205
s__Desulforhopalus sp030247675
s__UBA1213 sp902803385
s__Micromonospora luteifusca
s__Prauserella_A flavalba
s__Enteromonas sp946623775
s__Enterousia sp017631895
s__DRGV01 sp011049955
s__Roseovarius sp947496175
s__JACPQH01 sp016190585
s__Scatenecus sp003150395
s__Enterousia sp946611025
s__HUN007 sp937872775
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp007378985
s__Pullibacteroides sp947176325
s__Vallitalea sp025211055
s__JABDJQ01 sp029262235
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp004298385
s__Erwinia phyllosphaerae
s__Lutimonas sp024644745
s__Aquabacterium fontiphilum
s__Hylemonella sp019746735
s__SW10 sp022424905
s__Vreelandella dongshanensis
s__JAHBXL01 sp023432465
s__RGIG7041 sp017543805
s__JAFGIQ01 sp016929575
s__CAG-269 sp934154445
s__WRMQ01 sp009786735
s__Pelagibacter sp902567235
s__JAIRKS01 sp031276355
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp009176705
s__Limnohabitans sp018883455
s__JAEXBH01 sp023394215
s__JAUXCJ01 sp030618965
s__HGM10818 sp947584955
s__UBA1096 sp028817635
s__Gordonia rhizosphera
s__Silvanigrella sp029873255
s__Plantactinospora mayteni
s__JAISKS01 sp031260825
s__CAG-269 sp944389225
s__Geodermatophilus dictyosporus
s__UBA4572 sp021795275
s__Phototrophicus methaneseepsis
s__UBA5760 sp030639215
s__VXPC01 sp009839685
s__WSZJ01 sp021413805
s__Pirellula_B sp021298315
s__JABDCD01 sp013288305
s__CATQHB01 sp958295765
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017478125
s__Mycoplasmopsis mucosicanis
s__UBA8154 sp020725665
s__Brevundimonas lenta
s__QYPD01 sp021817915
s__ZG21-1 sp021390615
s__Ferruginibacter sp023433345
s__Cyclonatronum sp022565795
s__Acidithiobacillus sp028065135
s__Solicola sp023100825
s__Lentimicrobium sp013336205
s__Aquaticitalea sp002426755
s__Burkholderia sp027257875
s__Algoriphagus yeomjeoni
s__IMCC9063 sp008638025
s__Rhodanobacter fulvus
s__JAJVHW01 sp022072415
s__Acetatifactor sp023663735
s__Hominicoprocola sp902779695
s__JALYJB01 sp030775485
s__Mariniplasma sp023230825
s__JALTBU01 sp027083695
s__JANJTJ01 sp024711145
s__Lysobacter_H alkalisoli
s__OMSK01 sp934130005
s__PFJX01 sp029558905
s__Moraxella_A boevrei
s__Flavobacterium sp013823965
s__Mesorhizobium huakuii_A
s__JAFGJA01 sp016929355
s__Colwellia sp913063325
s__Campylobacter_B sp947255105
s__Hymenobacter sp025354605
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016648105
s__Treponema_D sp016297805
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902535025
s__Dongia_A sp016794075
s__GRL18 sp016744395
s__Halotalea alkalilenta_A
s__CAMTOX01 sp947074225
s__SpSt-1165 sp013314735
s__Moryella sp937924975
s__UBA2813 sp902794035
s__RAAP-2 sp019352095
s__BM707 sp002869615
s__2-01-FULL-45-10 sp028748925
s__CAMYJH01 sp947258715
s__Methylobacter_A sp947505055
s__JACDBZ01 sp013697395
s__Sphingobium xanthum
s__Ga0077548 sp019635585
s__UBA931 sp031275075
s__UBA1997 sp002335845
s__Herbaspirillum sp004134995
s__AG-337-I02 sp902530685
s__Nitrospira_D sp014534095
s__Lutimonas saemankumensis
s__JACPZP01 sp016195405
s__JABDEJ01 sp013288555
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017511405
s__Accumulibacter sp029255285
s__Rhodoferax sp013416775
s__Prevotella sp017455845
s__GCA-2746885 sp016700375
s__Neisseria sp030528455
s__GCA-2749205 sp002749205
s__JAGRHC01 sp020445145
s__Faecalibacterium sp017483235
s__Faecalimonas sp017472665
s__YE71 sp902776945
s__Enterocola sp017959385
s__UBA737 sp017516445
s__CALKZT01 sp938002815
s__JACCZL01 sp013695975
s__Parabacteroides_B pacaensis
s__UBA1926 sp002480345
s__Saliniradius amylolyticus
s__UBA3824 sp017960885
s__CAIKZY01 sp937876275
s__Prevotella sp944320235
s__Nocardioides sp024199985
s__SFWF01 sp017533175
s__Parafannyhessea sp017941585
s__Saccharimonas sp013333645
s__Competibacter sp016699715
s__Palsa-1233 sp024641735
s__VXMO01 sp026713485
s__Flavisolibacter sp946886475
s__Clostridium_I sp028692255
s__Microbacterium sp016805985
s__Pontibacter oryzae
s__JAISSX01 sp031272565
s__SIG204 sp947853245
s__UBA3282 sp949051815
s__Alistipes sp934754975
s__CAIYYW01 sp903897985
s__Oceanobacillus iheyensis
s__Collinsella sp902495985
s__Winogradskyella sp000828715
s__JAHENB01 sp024643345
s__Desulfonatronovibrio sp003566455
s__Kangsaoukella pontilimi
s__Enterococcus_J timonensis
s__GCA-001735895 sp003645435
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp944386885
s__Streptomyces sp000716335
s__AV80 sp030775765
s__Thioglobus_C sp030611725
s__BB2 sp016745035
s__JAKQLJ01 sp029567195
s__Streptomyces sp019049325
s__RUG14199 sp015063695
s__DYLC01 sp020722285
s__SKNL01 sp007134845
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009778605
s__Rudanella paleaurantiibacter
s__JAISMC01 sp031276965
s__Anaerocolumna xylanovorans
s__Campylobacter_B sp012519705
s__Clostridium_AT sp000466585
s__Algoriphagus sp945872775
s__JAGPCH01 sp937872315
s__JAIRQB01 sp031256695
s__CAMUJQ01 sp947089305
s__Nocardioides sp025965295
s__Caballeronia sp023631325
s__JAHOYW01 sp028718375
s__Competibacter_A sp016790045
s__Leptospira_A terpstrae
s__Micavibrio_A aeruginosavorus_B
s__Collinsella sp958408685
s__Alcanivorax sp002726155
s__Propionicimonas sp021286985
s__JAQBQP01 sp028286905
s__UBA4923 sp012841145
s__Pelethenecus sp949840955
s__Ottowia sp029780695
s__GCA-2710765 sp002710765
s__Pelagibacter sp902588835
s__Ga0077530 sp023410905
s__Bulleidia sp017430925
s__RGIG7931 sp017552965
s__RUG12834 sp947165285
s__Flavobacterium sp947464335
s__Paenibacillus_G sp027923405
s__DYOH01 sp030632545
s__Alteraurantiacibacter xiamenensis_A
s__Phaeospirillum magnetica_A
s__Streptococcus sp916048115
s__UBA1259 sp958421945
s__Brotaphodocola sp030536555
s__Oxobacter pfennigii
s__S145-11 sp015493765
s__JALZAK01 sp030948385
s__Halioglobus sp030431585
s__Pseudoalteromonas phenolica_B
s__JADJGA01 sp026985735
s__Cupriavidus sp019236395
s__JAJEFO01 sp009839535
s__DTLA01 sp014360805
s__Pelagibacter sp902576395
s__GPF-1 sp030625815
s__Streptomyces albidochromogenes
s__RBG-16-68-21 sp001767695
s__Aquirufa sp027485075
s__JAQSXR01 sp029256575
s__JADLHS01 sp025360895
s__B1SED10-173 sp003551865
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002276045
s__JAHFGK01 sp023247475
s__JAILPU01 sp024699395
s__Halalkalibacter okhensis
s__Flavobacterium aurantiibacter
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216175
s__MGBC114079 sp949738935
s__JAPKZH01 sp026393905
s__JAHHTM01 sp020024635
s__Ruegeria sediminis
s__Aquimarina sp947500065
s__Mucisphaera calidilacus
s__UBA1786 sp937915745
s__Flexilinea sp902786265
s__GCA-2402195 sp020627625
s__Sphingomicrobium sp025356055
s__Bacteroides sp023458215
s__Mesorhizobium_D ephedrae
s__Frigidibacter mobilis
s__JAJDAN01 sp029261855
s__Anatilimnocola aggregata
s__Fulvivirga aurantia
s__JAAFHB01 sp023251475
s__UBA2475 sp022841465
s__Pelagibacter sp902580335
s__M55B152 sp018399975
s__JAHIRD01 sp018818835
s__UBA3207 sp946624155
s__NK4A136 sp024697065
s__RUG14515 sp017635465
s__Modestobacter italicus
s__Helicobacter_I sp002272925
s__UBA9973 sp023267215
s__Streptomyces griseorubiginosus_B
s__CAG-269 sp944388045
s__Halopseudomonas sp007692485
s__Caccocola sp002159945
s__Faecousia sp015067725
s__JAADGX01 sp013152135
s__WGCX01 sp015486915
s__Fimbriiglobus ruber
s__CAHJXF01 sp025356395
s__Desulfobulbus_C rimicarensis
s__FEN-1344 sp003171235
s__UBA7441 sp913041275
s__Sinorhizobium sp004827385
s__JACRDR01 sp016207565
s__PeH17 sp017553815
s__UBA2962 sp002699485
s__Anaerotignum sp020024455
s__UBA2093 sp943325435
s__JAFUXM01 sp017470785
s__SPCO01 sp029858845
s__GM7ARS4 sp014332745
s__JAFAMB01 sp019235445
s__VEQN01 sp027490575
s__JAKVAQ01 sp022447665
s__OFTM382 sp029260395
s__Undibacterium macrobrachii
s__Gallimonas sp021768985
s__SLQR01 sp007117625
s__CAINXC01 sp903854655
s__Rhodoluna sp030832065
s__JANYKE01 sp025361685
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016288055
s__WQXQ01 sp031256445
s__Ferrovibrio sp937960835
s__O2-01-FULL-48-27b sp016181405
s__AG-363-A16 sp003280345
s__Porcipelethomonas sp017416665
s__AC2028 sp024682075
s__JANQFR01 sp028277745
s__UBA1752 sp017560285
s__Rivibacter subsaxonicus
s__Sphingobium sp026427355
s__JACKID01 sp020638675
s__Marinobacterium_A rhizophilum_A
s__Oikeobacillus pervagus
s__AG-422-B15 sp902577765
s__SFFI01 sp030532185
s__JACQGL01 sp016199525
s__GCA-016432345 sp016432345
s__JANTHQ01 sp024762375
s__Afipia massiliensis
s__V1-115 sp018970725
s__NIES-3974 sp937973965
s__Cutibacterium porci
s__Desulfofustis sp030604345
s__UBA5951 sp902516825
s__Alcaligenes sp023425645
s__Paenibacillus sp013393385
s__UBA2658 sp023386265
s__Lapidilactobacillus bayanensis
s__GCA-002841655 sp028687275
s__Sphingomonas alpina_A
s__Aliivibrio finisterrensis
s__CAIRTT01 sp903915615
s__Actinopolymorpha singaporensis
s__Thermodesulfobacterium geofontis
s__Arenimonas sp946885735
s__Clavibacter michiganensis_O
s__Ruegeria sp030427405
s__AC-35 sp005884125
s__Ferranicluibacter sp900067135
s__Coprothermobacter platensis
s__JAQTNW01 sp028713655
s__RGIG4607 sp017561055
s__UBA3305 sp946631165
s__JAEYRA01 sp023428265
s__Nitrospira_D sp030144965
s__Halobacillus sp019599545
s__JALGZR01 sp025774805
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp945862505
s__Roseobacter cerasinus
s__Dongia_A deserti
s__Paenibacillus_E sp900103825
s__JAFUXM01 sp937911045
s__CALJUK01 sp937975745
s__Tropicimonas sp004146235
s__UBA3855 sp947625155
s__CAG-793 sp944390305
s__UBA9296 sp003518125
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BC
s__Lacunisphaera sp023269445
s__Hippea sp027035885
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp024405615
s__JACZVB01 sp022566235
s__Geopsychrobacter sp024276935
s__Quinella sp905234235
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017961295
s__Paenibacillus_D roseus
s__JAOAPG01 sp025462785
s__JAGQOG01 sp020427695
s__UA16 sp029979565
s__GWA1-42-9 sp001793775
s__Sulfitobacter sp026421135
s__Allosphingosinicella sp005883305
s__Coproplasma sp947630705
s__JAAFJM01 sp027484685
s__Spirulina sp007693875
s__UBA3402 sp947630485
s__JAISBX01 sp031270395
s__UBA9659 sp027621895
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003061005
s__VGGL01 sp016868575
s__JAPLVL01 sp026397135
s__Rippkaea sp000829235
s__Clostridium sp017888565
s__CAKSEI01 sp947625805
s__Sphingomonas_K jejuensis
s__Mycobacterium sp001673155
s__CAINEZ01 sp903847905
s__JAFGPV01 sp016936015
s__Panacibacter microcysteis
s__Dermabacter sp025147465
s__RGIG4694 sp024697725
s__Mobilitalea sp002307215
s__UBA2258 sp016867815
s__Phytoplasma mali
s__CAIMNF01 sp903858975
s__Paraprevotella sp017425765
s__Qipengyuania seohaensis
s__NAT127 sp002702725
s__Streptococcus oralis_CA
s__Faecousia sp020025515
s__Thermophilibacter sp949291295
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902606255
s__RF16 sp017478225
s__UBA1188 sp017960565
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp020692325
s__JAGPFE01 sp029776995
s__Chordicoccus sp946620335
s__JALGTD01 sp030615605
s__Luminiphilus sp024638905
s__Mesorhizobium sp017308345
s__Bradyrhizobium sp005884765
s__Marinobacterium_D sp003250495
s__CAG-269 sp947595555
s__Fimimonas sp947624235
s__Oleiagrimonas sp027858935
s__Owenweeksia sp028285465
s__SYGV01 sp004296885
s__Tichowtungia sp903826865
s__Colwellia ponticola
s__Fibro-01 sp012841225
s__Prosthecobacter sp003506995
s__SXRI01 sp005793615
s__Ventricola sp017476605
s__Ruminococcus sp022641595
s__Catenovulum sp913056495
s__Rhodoplanes sp000293785
s__AG-414-E02 sp902590395
s__Aquisediminimonas sp937870585
s__Sinorhizobium kostiense
s__CAIQQQ01 sp903932545
s__JAKQCT01 sp029559035
s__REDG01 sp007693605
s__CADEED01 sp946479515
s__JALNZU01 sp009773165
s__Tissierella_A sp029266915
s__UBA8290 sp030830185
s__UBA10364 sp002707525
s__Helicobacter_G brantae
s__JABCYS01 sp013290085
s__QWPT01 sp945870915
s__CAJOLV01 sp905235515
s__Sporosarcina sp013408665
s__Hylemonella sp946481355
s__UBA7675 sp002483085
s__Terriglobus saanensis
s__JAQUUX01 sp028693705
s__Oribacterium sp000513555
s__Gastranaerophilus sp947361615
s__Arthrobacter sp018215265
s__T3Sed10-140 sp003567005
s__CAG-510 sp022510745
s__JADLBJ01 sp020847765
s__JAGRBF01 sp020434205
s__BNTQ01 sp025996715
s__Actinosynnema yanglingensis
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp946886405
s__CAG-452 sp015056485
s__JAHIZC01 sp018814745
s__Mycobacterium sp000328565
s__JABWCI01 sp937864295
s__Brevundimonas sp026625805
s__Prosthecobacter sp027483245
s__Nitriliruptor alkaliphilus
s__UBA2918 sp017649485
s__RGIG3315 sp905236535
s__Bin18 sp958296235
s__Segniliparus rotundus
s__CASFSG01 sp949297305
s__Prosthecobacter sp020439865
s__CAMYJZ01 sp029864225
s__Streptomyces sp026343295
s__RUG592 sp902773395
s__Solirubrum sp002007105
s__JAOUKH01 sp029881895
s__RUG13160 sp024698845
s__Silvania confinis
s__JAGHAC01 sp021161645
s__Nevskia sp903885465
s__OLB17 sp020846885
s__JAGLPS01 sp030690305
s__JL08 sp003352045
s__Collinsella sp900764025
s__OFTM100 sp021772705
s__Proteiniphilum sp012838585
s__JALYXH01 sp030947185
s__VGZR01 sp027625225
s__Streptomyces sp002803085
s__Micromonospora nigra
s__Granulicatella sp938017885
s__Desulfocapsa sulfexigens
s__Enteromonas sp905235705
s__GCA-1730015 sp937927895
s__Dysosmobacter sp947244595
s__Niabella sp016708305
s__UBA3064 sp023258775
s__JAFKLR01 sp017304685
s__WQYY01 sp009780995
s__UBA3031 sp028379895
s__Bacillus_A cytotoxicus_A
s__GCA-002733185 sp030591585
s__SIG42 sp030533105
s__SG8-38 sp937984275
s__RGIG9060 sp937890485
s__Prevotella sp946540105
s__Sediminibacterium sp026391195
s__JJ008 sp029558715
s__Palsa-504 sp003168295
s__Rhodomicrobium sp003153975
s__Arenicella sp937918955
s__JAADGE01 sp013153575
s__Archangium_A sp016792935
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium
s__RGIG8482 sp947648215
s__JAKISE01 sp020436165
s__Crassaminicella sp025210395
s__Cloacibacterium sp028864635
s__Acetatifactor sp021200695
s__Curtobacterium pusillum_B
s__UBA1240 sp016285185
s__Tolumonas sp003251455
s__CALGOL01 sp937960755
s__RYN-87 sp025464755
s__AWTP1-13 sp005888525
s__CADEER01 sp029262455
s__Pelagibacter sp902628305
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063415
s__Urbifossiella limnaea
s__PALSA-610 sp030774075
s__Anaeroplasma sp945920825
s__JJ008 sp017303855
s__CAJXJZ01 sp026986775
s__WLRQ01 sp020161245
s__Paenibacillus sp000987955
s__Hymenobacter glacialis
s__CALFHQ01 sp937876385
s__Stackebrandtia faecavium
s__JAHEKO01 sp024638355
s__Leptofilum sp020634435
s__JABDFU01 sp016787005
s__GWA1-54-10 sp028866155
s__Gramella oceanisediminis
s__UBA4372 sp018065005
s__Aliarcobacter sp028688995
s__JAIRNU01 sp031257945
s__UBA2383 sp020047885
s__JACQJI01 sp016182875
s__Actinotalea sp946885855
s__Ramlibacter sp001424545
s__CAJIYR01 sp905181735
s__Nitrotoga sp009885195
s__JACAEO01 sp026417815
s__Sodaliphilus sp017545095
s__Roseococcus sp026414745
s__CADCWI01 sp902806355
s__UBA2199 sp002327965
s__Lentilactobacillus senioris_A
s__Rubrobacter indicoceani
s__JALUVI01 sp027020785
s__JASLXI01 sp030740415
s__Methylotenera sp937957775
s__CAG-269 sp947646915
s__JAHDEO01 sp020627965
s__UBA2645_A sp947455365
s__JAIOQL01 sp021413405
s__UBA5976 sp009918005
s__UBA9148 sp014238445
s__CALBJC01 sp937892655
s__UBA11774 sp022790905
s__Chryseolinea sp029360725
s__CAG-590 sp946186175
s__JAAYNV01 sp017624235
s__Fredericiella danica
s__JAKLFP01 sp022711115
s__JAGOZY01 sp018058445
s__UBA953 sp030830965
s__Aristaeella sp024695415
s__Mizugakiibacter sp021372495
s__Gleimia sp023420745
s__SZUA-360 sp003247275
s__J002 sp003697105
s__Winogradskyella luteola
s__JAHRWD01 sp019090315
s__JAIOAW01 sp019873625
s__Fen-178 sp003170915
s__JADGAP01 sp015231965
s__Collinsella sp934668345
s__VXYL01 sp021295895
s__JALVQM01 sp027068085
s__Limnoraphis sp000169095
s__Eubacterium_B sp938046095
s__Roseinatronobacter sp020832655
s__JAFAVZ01 sp019242175
s__CACXFL01 sp902766925
s__Marinobacter sp900188435
s__PUPG01 sp003552075
s__Primorskyibacter flagellatus
s__RGIG2311 sp017405545
s__Fimenecus sp020025775
s__Thiobacillus sp024709685
s__Oceanitalea satyanarayanai
s__Companilactobacillus kimchiensis
s__CAJXGR01 sp913053665
s__Microcella alkalica
s__Galactobacter sp022712075
s__WQVT01 sp009785715
s__Zwartia parapertussis_J
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AU
s__CALWRD01 sp949293325
s__CALBSZ01 sp937967665
s__RF16 sp018064985
s__JAEWQP01 sp023399155
s__UBA9630 sp903842445
s__UBA5972 sp021775315
s__CADCVW01 sp902806235
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017395045
s__Curtobacterium sp029959665
s__DAOVJB01 sp030673425
s__SYFN01 sp027485795
s__Arachnia massiliensis
s__Actinoallomurus sp030406325
s__Pseudoduganella sp024400215
s__JAUUDM01 sp030826765
s__Desulfovibrio sp031291035
s__JAHIYU01 sp030635025
s__Aridibacter sp016700175
s__PNKF01 sp013822285
s__Spyradenecus sp949282555
s__RGIG2163 sp017408525
s__Streptomyces sp012726265
s__CALMIR01 sp937864265
s__CACIVM01 sp902590115
s__Lactobacillus sp947367085
s__Pseudobythopirellula maris
s__Alteromonas sp026183695
s__JANYJJ01 sp025358485
s__Lactococcus ileimucosae
s__Kordiimonas lipolytica
s__CAG-170 sp934655935
s__Lentibacillus juripiscarius
s__JAISMC01 sp031275035
s__GCA-016699535 sp016699535
s__S141-66 sp021648585
s__Methylosinus sp000745215
s__VGMB01 sp016866585
s__Palsa-948 sp016213435
s__Robertkochia solimangrovi
s__Actinosynnema sp031180885
s__GCA-2711125 sp902627575
s__Croceicoccus bisphenolivorans
s__Methylobacterium salsuginis
s__RS62 sp021044545
s__JAKLFG01 sp938048925
s__Winogradskyella psychrotolerans_B
s__Roseinatronobacter ekhonensis
s__Prevotella sp905234355
s__AAA536-G10 sp902558885
s__Collinsella sp900546775
s__Eikenella glucosivorans
s__Fibrobacter sp946414025
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp947628515
s__Nitrospira_D sp024331095
s__Corynebacterium sp943914015
s__JAKANV01 sp021823605
s__RGVD01 sp010027395
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp902513935
s__Caccenecus sp949289505
s__Bulleidia sp902782955
s__JAGRKE01 sp937128575
s__Paraflavitalea soli
s__JACESU01 sp020161545
s__CANRIN01 sp947630675
s__Oceanimonas sp000243075
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp023419995
s__Bacteroides sp949289345
s__Falsiroseomonas sp021864505
s__Salinicoccus halitifaciens
s__PNC22 sp030950285
s__SZUA-451 sp027063105
s__Flavobacterium sp004295795
s__UBA1547 sp022736555
s__Fastidiosipila sp947253875
s__Breznakibacter sp016933045
s__UMGS1613 sp017536505
s__Streptomyces scabichelini
s__JAJBSZ01 sp021205245
s__RUG11257 sp017445425
s__SLTB01 sp020832085
s__JAISDD01 sp031265005
s__RFPC01 sp022763385
s__GCA-2686995 sp002686995
s__Arctic95D-9 sp012719225
s__Caballeronia calidae
s__Lentibacter algarum_A
s__Ilyobacter_A polytropus_A
s__PALSA-1153 sp003153195
s__SOIV01 sp030607635
s__Mitsuokella sp029338835
s__Jatrophihabitans_A sp025963265
s__Faecimonas sp944333345
s__AV80 sp003218305
s__Hominibacterium odorimutans_A
s__Desulfovibrio sp944324555
s__Hydromonas cinctiostellae
s__M0040 sp024636215
s__Niabella sp017744795
s__GCA-016432625 sp022843855
s__JALWZS01 sp027002475
s__DTU013 sp012799845
s__Flavihumibacter sp023423405
s__JAIRKW01 sp031276075
s__UBA6211 sp002421845
s__VAXT01 sp013696805
s__Pedococcus sp009707485
s__4484-275 sp002085205
s__SXON01 sp014191855
s__UBA2376 sp016794525
s__CSSed10-48 sp007695125
s__Chersky-683 sp017882905
s__Halobacillus litoralis_C
s__JASJCT01 sp030065855
s__UBA9959 sp028688015
s__JAISHE01 sp031262745
s__QOAS01 sp013154305
s__DAIDKY01 sp027449805
s__Syntrophotalea carbinolica
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp905372225
s__Dissulfurispira thermophila
s__Schaedlerella sp947564305
s__Marmoricola sp026392455
s__Curtobacterium sp015350995
s__Neolewinella sp001625015
s__JAOAEA01 sp025458245
s__UBA1740 sp017958845
s__Micromonospora sp016803395
s__Collinsella sp958447915
s__CAG-269 sp934177555
s__RGXB01 sp016866475
s__GWA1-54-10 sp001775475
s__JALHNL01 sp022843545
s__RI-461 sp016124955
s__Psychrilyobacter atlanticus
s__GCA-2705055 sp022447335
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp002367375
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024694675
s__JAFAMS01 sp019233165
s__RBG-16-64-22 sp016195465
s__Sporohalobacter salinus
s__JAUWNJ01 sp030642005
s__Giesbergeria anulus
s__Mycobacterium vulneris
s__GCA-012562765 sp012567545
s__Pseudemcibacter sp937914685
s__JAUVYF01 sp030603215
s__XYC2-FULL-35-21 sp016219595
s__ZC4RG30 sp903908825
s__Alicyclobacillus_G kakegawensis
s__Aridibacter sp028284415
s__Albidovulum sp002841115
s__Hel1-33-131 sp943787365
s__JALOPZ01 sp025453605
s__Halobacillus_A sp900240285
s__SIG622 sp017517985
s__JAFUXM01 sp905235395
s__Eubacterium_R sp905233545
s__JAIRLF01 sp031278135
s__AV17 sp003219225
s__UBA1740 sp017629925
s__Panacibacter ginsenosidivorans
s__Endozoicomonas euniceicola
s__Treponema_D sp946540605
s__Sediminibacterium sp030158665
s__Hymenobacter sp025356245
s__PH2015 sp004292595
s__4572-13 sp003644215
s__Mycobacterium sp004570325
s__JAABQG01 sp011391595
s__Parapedobacter composti
s__Pontibacter cellulosilyticus
s__CAJXVY01 sp913062665
s__UBA2100 sp002378745
s__SSF53 sp019694655
s__GCA-2718895 sp002718895
s__JAUWNT01 sp030610885
s__Micromonospora eburnea
s__CAMYVO01 sp947302485
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028287805
s__CALLPO01 sp938015605
s__UBA5026 sp947648915
s__M2005 sp026985975
s__MS008 sp022402445
s__GCA-2747515 sp027016355
s__Ga0077548 sp016713235
s__Pelagibacter sp902624465
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281225
s__RGIG4310 sp947629215
s__UBA1006 sp947311725
s__UBA4248 sp017464085
s__Algoriphagus aquimarinus
s__JAHJSO01 sp018830385
s__JAUHZY01 sp030425825
s__Aureimonas sp023419535
s__Hylemonella sp001432305
s__JABURT01 sp014762495
s__Pelagibacter sp902591845
s__Avilachnospira sp030540255
s__W3P20-009 sp024401415
s__Scatosoma sp017471945
s__Streptomyces sp030287445
s__GCA-2733885 sp024637195
s__JAHDHH01 sp020631405
s__UBA10364 sp949487015
s__Treponema_B denticola_C
s__UBA3824 sp024401025
s__Candidimonas nitroreducens
s__Brumimicrobium sp003143775
s__Pristimantibacillus sinopodophylli
s__G020350445 sp030597245
s__JACNJF01 sp030066335
s__DP-3 sp005879205
s__Microbacterium sp003248605
s__Fibromonas sp001462235
s__Albimonas sp029223255
s__CALQZM01 sp943349385
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AN
s__Treponema_D sp902799965
s__CALJTN01 sp937976175
s__Paraconexibacter sp025964065
s__Azonexus sp016617495
s__Lepagella sp014802425
s__JAGQSC01 sp020439745
s__CANMYO01 sp947492825
s__Sporosarcina sp022346545
s__Ww567 sp024638655
s__Thorsellia anophelis
s__Naumannella cuiyingiana
s__Ruminococcus sp029005335
s__UBA4802 sp937920495
s__Saccharofermentans sp000621765
s__Phytoplasma sp018274325
s__Microbacterium sp029239635
s__UBA5456 sp029982875
s__GCA-002700125 sp002708085
s__JAAXGT01 sp012271205
s__SZUA-500 sp003252195
s__CAG-269 sp944388685
s__JAUVYF01 sp030612175
s__JAACFB01 sp030066075
s__SFMI01 sp024404275
s__Lacticaseibacillus sp934293835
s__JAAYDY01 sp016935955
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp013153955
s__F23-D06 sp946407715
s__RGIG1993 sp947627815
s__CAIUPE01 sp947456435
s__Nostoc sp023522315
s__Ancylobacter sp029239875
s__Nitrospira_D sp023248355
s__Mycobacterium yunnanensis
s__JAAZPQ01 sp012510305
s__JACPMJ01 sp016186045
s__Chryseobacterium taeanense
s__JAAUQL01 sp024280115
s__JACESU01 sp021298595
s__DRMK01 sp024277575
s__CAG-267 sp949297665
s__Azospirillum sp008364825
s__Oscillatoria sp025454445
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp946479435
s__SZUA-24 sp003233255
s__JAHEKD01 sp024638545
s__Pseudomonas_E koreensis_F
s__Aliiroseovarius sp030424645
s__Sphaerospermopsis_A aphanizomenoides_A
s__GCA-012562765 sp012562605
s__Formimonas warabiya
s__Z2-YC6860 sp945893145
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp025963725
s__JALYOC01 sp030857095
s__Schnuerera sp021655075
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398125
s__Aristaeella sp946629635
s__Paenibacillus_AF thalictri
s__WQXQ01 sp031270205
s__UTCHB3 sp023433685
s__DULZ01 sp012840125
s__CAJYPV01 sp913776825
s__Chordicoccus sp017433725
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AF
s__JAUVYG01 sp030603185
s__Hylemonella gracilis_A
s__Collinsella sp958453935
s__UBA5619 sp919902745
s__Cognatishimia maritima
s__Zgenome-0027 sp016929295
s__Desulfosporosinus sp000765145
s__Poriferisocius sp022821105
s__Pararhizobium sp029537235
s__Sulfurivirga caldicuralii_A
s__Cyanobium_A sp016882385
s__BM512 sp002869005
s__UBA952 sp938092255
s__PRT-SC02 sp001321855
s__Nitrosomonas sp018240935
s__Mariniblastus sp937981585
s__Collinsella sp958452935
s__Gemmata sp945905925
s__CAIKBP01 sp903825695
s__Nocardioides sp025964985
s__UMGS1858 sp905203795
s__SM1-73 sp001304225
s__40CM-4-68-19 sp020201435
s__JAADGX01 sp027021285
s__XYA2-FULL-43-15 sp030837625
s__Salinispira pacifica
s__GCA-016432445 sp016432445
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021788175
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp020725335
s__Phenylobacterium sp016124325
s__Pseudomonas_E capeferrum_A
s__Lacrimispora sp902363735
s__HNR sp029760935
s__JAQUBU01 sp028692415
s__RFTU01 sp009925955
s__Sulfurimonas sp028687935
s__VGKM01 sp016867005
s__Novosphingobium sp027489515
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp001427585
s__Sediminimonas sp011389955
s__JAPLCZ01 sp026391915
s__Holophaga sp020048105
s__Roseococcus sp027488195
s__JAISTV01 sp031287295
s__Arthrobacter_D sp009728235
s__Bifidobacterium sp000499285
s__RFXY01 sp947441875
s__Novosphingobium sp018240895
s__Pelagibacter sp902514805
s__JACNFS01 sp016783225
s__Phocaeicola sp017472925
s__Rhodococcus subtropicus
s__JAJYOI01 sp028873075
s__UBA963 sp903907615
s__DAIDBD01 sp027310305
s__QPIN01 sp023145835
s__Bin125 sp007571275
s__Oligella sp012511555
s__Pelagibacterium lacus
s__GWE2-40-63 sp002840905
s__UBA947 sp031267015
s__R2A130 sp938044775
s__G020350405 sp020344865
s__Methylobacterium iners
s__VMCP01 sp030834125
s__UBA1740 sp017463125
s__Aulosira sp011769525
s__JAFGSZ01 sp016934395
s__Rubrobacter_F sp030861485
s__Enterousia sp017616975
s__Opitutus sp023430825
s__Nocardioides malaquae
s__Gallionella sp026399735
s__UBA1757 sp017958305
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946414345
s__Parasphingopyxis sp028279465
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp000478585
s__Desulforudis sp002294005
s__JANQKH01 sp028281215
s__ARS1013 sp030672225
s__CAMFJP01 sp945957075
s__Sutterella sp902493085
s__Pirellula_B sp021299695
s__LL51 sp031278845
s__JAJPHU01 sp021325115
s__Parvicella sp018401455
s__JACSRF01 sp014879875
s__JAUIAD01 sp030425685
s__W693 sp011170385
s__JAHEMZ01 sp024643385
s__DUZI01 sp013349595
s__Parahaliea maris
s__Yoonia sp014859355
s__JAMOOS01 sp027065245
s__Acaryochloris sp012030735
s__JACQEX01 sp016194375
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa_E
s__Desulfovibrio sp949282365
s__Mesorhizobium sp000503055
s__CALCDS01 sp937900065
s__Veillonella sp905215025
s__Petralouisia sp947565885
s__JACRDZ01 sp016212735
s__Mitsuaria sp001653795
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp945881845
s__Psychrobacter sp030540615
s__JAPLGF01 sp026390275
s__JAMOTN01 sp027062325
s__JAOZMU01 sp029934165
s__JACOYH01 sp028694095
s__Nostoc edaphicum_B
s__CADCWF01 sp903864575
s__Curtobacterium sp030406605
s__Vescimonas sp934635545
s__UBA5453 sp012522345
s__Saccharomonospora_A marina
s__Pseudoroseicyclus aestuarii
s__Leadbetterella sp024343735
s__RGIG9985 sp017508845
s__Stenotrophobium sp008012115
s__GCA-2400775 sp016765075
s__GCA-002720895 sp902607475
s__Pelagibacter sp902604575
s__Sherwoodlollariibacterium sp029563245
s__UBA9214 sp905480305
s__JAUXEM01 sp030620515
s__VAYN01 sp937907435
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_J
s__JAQBPX01 sp028287305
s__Antrihabitans stalactiti
s__Cryptobacteroides sp949300335
s__Rubrivivax sp001464055
s__Croceibacterium sp001427865
s__CAG-269 sp947630445
s__Enterousia sp017962125
s__UBA3402 sp947066955
s__HGM04593 sp017398805
s__UBA2779 sp030592625
s__Mycobacterium sp001667145
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209065
s__JAFGTO01 sp016934095
s__JABMPR01 sp013202495
s__DAOWGG01 sp030637565
s__Xanthomonas_A sp017163755
s__UBA2991 sp026710655
s__Herbiconiux sp015350805
s__DUQX01 sp012520035
s__Onthocola_B sp934096295
s__BOG-1363 sp947440715
s__Kocuria sp023426375
s__GCA-2722315 sp937138395
s__UBA9339 sp018814965
s__Variovorax sp900101545
s__BOG-935 sp031291645
s__UBA6233 sp002440965
s__JAITSQ01 sp031287685
s__Limimorpha sp015061335
s__Saccharopolyspora hordei
s__JAEIOG01 sp016342495
s__CAIQPO01 sp903873735
s__Anammoxibacter_A sp021777055
s__Pelagibacter sp902624045
s__UBA1786 sp017616445
s__Sinobacterium norvegicum
s__HGM11367 sp015069335
s__Ottowia sp031256125
s__Amantichitinum ursilacus
s__JACQFH01 sp018242565
s__Pseudolabrys sp018240595
s__28-YEA-48 sp025363375
s__Mobilitalea sp029267975
s__Burkholderia multivorans_A
s__JAGOUV01 sp018061065
s__Lepagella sp023664085
s__UBA3636 sp947169825
s__Bact-11 sp018064345
s__Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans_A
s__CACIIZ01 sp902586855
s__JAEUOS01 sp947456845
s__Polynucleobacter acidiphobus
s__Collinsella sp937981515
s__JAIFWI01 sp030855125
s__Altimarinus sp028692735
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_Y
s__Edaphocola chishuiensis
s__DUEF01 sp011176555
s__Rhodophyticola sp014323785
s__Amycolatopsis sp013364075
s__PSRF01 sp020199835
s__Epibacterium sp947499635
s__Metaruminococcus_A sp902766785
s__Thermophilibacter uli_B
s__Enteromonas sp016296285
s__Ereboglobus sp031263125
s__M55B175 sp018399235
s__Scalindua japonica
s__RGIG3102 sp017435045
s__Scandinavium sp002470465
s__Persephonella hydrogeniphila
s__Hoeflea sp000759435
s__JAMCXX01 sp023474425
s__Tepidibacter thalassicus
s__UBA1723 sp024401535
s__XYC2-FULL-35-21 sp004322215
s__UBA2868 sp017961065
s__Geoanaerobacter sp009684525
s__Limnobacter parvus
s__Tannerella sp031277335
s__CAITNO01 sp903922535
s__JADFOU01 sp022562655
s__Methylomonas sp002083615
s__Arthrobacter_D pigmenti
s__CAIKZZ01 sp025356075
s__Phnomibacter sp025455205
s__UBA1756 sp016285085
s__JABXHR01 sp013373515
s__Nocardioides sp001429555
s__Deinococcus marmoris
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_H
s__Maribacter_C sp029287355
s__Actinoplanes sp030269485
s__JACPTH01 sp016192885
s__W0P33-017 sp945871045
s__UBA6178 sp002422205
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002309995
s__UMGS1387 sp017938055
s__CAG-492 sp947581895
s__CAG-194 sp017482005
s__VSOB01 sp949935685
s__Micromonospora coxensis
s__Prevotella sp905234845
s__Pelagibacter sp902535275
s__Succinivibrio sp012519775
s__Fimousia sp030523275
s__CAG-475 sp937881285
s__Faecousia sp020025595
s__GWA2-54-12 sp001795535
s__UMGS2016 sp018381595
s__UBA9145 sp022563075
s__JJ008 sp963169885
s__Caballeronia terrestris
s__Microbacterium suwonense
s__JACQCV01 sp016201465
s__JACPGX01 sp016188865
s__QYPT01 sp025354785
s__Hydrogenivirga sp015487835
s__Faeciplasma sp021201235
s__JALOAF01 sp947170225
s__Roseiarcus sp025358745
s__Lachnospira sp949297565
s__AC-55 sp005888465
s__Adhaeribacter rhizoryzae
s__Mariniphaga sp024636975
s__Mesorhizobium sp001303895
s__JAGOPC01 sp030429145
s__PWJY01 sp003559985
s__SHNJ01 sp004295055
s__9FT-COMBO-48-23 sp026389735
s__ULC077BIN1 sp016807185
s__Mariprofundus sp027019785
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp014694405
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902633595
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_V
s__Fimimonas sp934281515
s__JAAZLM01 sp012799315
s__Sacchariniichlamydia sp011064965
s__Sporolactobacillus nakayamae
s__SLST01 sp007129695
s__JAAFJU01 sp013298165
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902570945
s__Treponema_D sp947170195
s__Treponema_D sp017614655
s__Hanamia sp023957755
s__JAEURO01 sp029781035
s__Pandoraea faecigallinarum
s__Barnesiella_A sp937891845
s__Pirellula_B sp001610875
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210235
s__Mycobacterium sp005789055
s__Hydrogenophaga sp019635465
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp018333535
s__GCA-002282575 sp022736205
s__Bradyrhizobium cytisi
s__Merdenecus merdavium
s__RGIG3002 sp017437065
s__UBA9715 sp017434045
s__Jatrophihabitans_A sp030840285
s__Fen-1301 sp031292435
s__FEN-1250 sp030854615
s__Bacteroides sp902493215
s__CAIYRB01 sp026390435
s__Rhizobacter sp001425785
s__GCA-002718515 sp022447165
s__GCA-002708145 sp002708145
s__Nakamurella antarctica
s__VGLK01 sp905372785
s__Allobutyricicoccus sp944376195
s__RUG14319 sp017437705
s__Mediterraneibacter norfolkensis
s__Acidisphaera rubrifaciens
s__BOG-994 sp903970305
s__Sulfurimonas sp029215985
s__SIG32 sp949299935
s__Pandoraea novymonadis
s__JAAYQI01 sp012519385
s__JARIHL01 sp029288315
s__RGIG2206 sp017407645
s__HGM04593 sp017647975
s__CANMYO01 sp947493335
s__Nocardia jejuensis
s__CABTZP01 sp947278105
s__Yinghuangia sp021165735
s__Actinomycetospora straminea
s__Thiobacillus sp030696885
s__RFXV01 sp949516455
s__CALELF01 sp030523725
s__Mongoliitalea lutea
s__Scytonema hofmannii
s__Fontisphaera sp026414565
s__DTU059 sp012521705
s__Arachnia sp029917005
s__Deferrisoma sp013152215
s__PWVB01 sp022707665
s__Oxalobacter formigenes_C
s__CAIOSU01 sp018401955
s__Benthicola sp030598525
s__Methylobacterium sp022829345
s__UBA3305 sp946537305
s__Desulfovibrio sp031272715
s__UBA9715 sp946626265
s__Rhodoferax ferrireducens_A
s__RFHL01 sp003696875
s__Klenkia brasiliensis
s__Hymenobacter wooponensis
s__UBA2779 sp022360655
s__JAGNIJ01 sp022710725
s__Prevotella sp916440255
s__JANKMX01 sp024649995
s__NBRC-107688 sp001591645
s__Treponema_D sp017476165
s__Desulforhopalus sp000961725
s__Octadecabacter sp937969445
s__Paludibacter sp029973975
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946409745
s__JAADJA01 sp030635465
s__Acidovorax radicis_A
s__SSS58A sp002403075
s__Anaerovirgula multivorans
s__Polynucleobacter sinensis
s__UBA9611 sp022562475
s__Phenylobacterium sp903909375
s__SP197 sp014323865
s__Gimesia benthica
s__Erythrobacter sp011524425
s__Pseudalkalibacillus sp020179385
s__Streptococcus mitis_CS
s__CADDZP01 sp019244985
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp024582715
s__Aureisphaera sp022601215
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001945395
s__Sva-25 sp015767355
s__PUKZ01 sp003559855
s__RQZE01 sp003858585
s__UBA2862 sp902790175
s__Roseitalea sp024742765
s__Microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017651785
s__Desulfoglaeba alkanexedens
s__Thermaerobacter subterraneus
s__JAJRTC01 sp024278445
s__JAIBBD01 sp019694855
s__RUG756 sp017550035
s__Sediminibacterium sp903933995
s__Trueperella bonasi
s__JAHEJV01 sp024638705
s__Corynebacterium atypicum
s__Cellulomonas sp021793115
s__RUG727 sp902797005
s__JAHDDO01 sp020629035
s__CAIWXH01 sp903877345
s__Enterousia sp944389685
s__UBA4820 sp002402325
s__CALBTQ01 sp937967875
s__Gallionella sp030653355
s__Rhodoblastus sp019449565
s__RGIG5709 sp024698685
s__Actinomycetospora sp025925615
s__NORP309 sp016763695
s__UBA12077 sp003446015
s__JAFLUQ01 sp947624455
s__UBA2166 sp002726235
s__Crocinitomix sp937139035
s__UBA1740 sp017453365
s__Flavobacterium sp020991415
s__UBA4285 sp903789615
s__Thiobacillus sp021784115
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900107395
s__RUG658 sp017413305
s__Cellvibrio mixtus_A
s__Palsa-1315 sp016650275
s__OLB9 sp016717145
s__Sphingobium sp002312805
s__Acetatifactor sp029050705
s__UBA4417 sp937889945
s__SZZU01 sp009829985
s__Streptomyces graminilatus
s__Idiomarina ramblicola
s__Promicromonospora thailandica
s__RUG762 sp947581635
s__Rhabdochlamydia sp030916885
s__Gracilimonas sp014762685
s__JJ008 sp002400415
s__Methylocella silvestris_A
s__Halotalea alkalilenta
s__Janthinobacterium sp002813325
s__UMGS1613 sp947588925
s__UBA7330 sp019192515
s__Limivicinus sp030531595
s__MED-G16 sp902634135
s__UBA3291 sp031276875
s__Phenylobacterium sp004799515
s__UBA9296 sp021107795
s__Bryobacter sp019931185
s__JAFGIF01 sp016929755
s__Bellilinea sp026003615
s__JAAYOB01 sp028696495
s__UBA8639 sp029865515
s__Sphingomonas sp013344685
s__Saccharospirillum sp003054965
s__JAIUNP01 sp937903315
s__JAGTVG01 sp018224645
s__Tidjanibacter sp949287525
s__Gallimonas sp947598205
s__Pelagibacter sp902528575
s__JASGMR01 sp030156385
s__CAKPSH01 sp947626025
s__Halalkalibacter_A urbisdiaboli
s__CALXSV01 sp944390945
s__Sulfurimonas sp026988655
s__Hylemonella sp025356545
s__WRIV01 sp009782955
s__CALGUG01 sp937902315
s__QFOX01 sp002422745
s__Pelagibacter sp902604265
s__Acidiferrobacter sp027335965
s__Fulvivirga lutimaris
s__JAFGCL01 sp016932645
s__Pelagibacter sp014654235
s__Mariniblastus sp937942355
s__JADGCH01 sp015229115
s__Cognatishimia sp028369055
s__JACQIV01 sp016198325
s__Amylibacter kogurei
s__Lawsonibacter sp022791075
s__GCA-2707205 sp002707205
s__JACDBH01 sp013694995
s__Aquiluna sp028822985
s__Lawsonibacter sp021770445
s__Merdiplasma sp030537145
s__DTHT01 sp028275505
s__JAUXBS01 sp030618495
s__Halodesulfovibrio sp023460395
s__Chloroploca sp004138165
s__Enterococcus sp028128615
s__Brachymonas denitrificans
s__Chersky-534 sp017882925
s__Streptococcus sp030825805
s__UBA4615 sp002386465
s__JALNZU01 sp020853175
s__RF16 sp905234025
s__Amycolatopsis sp019468465
s__Acetatifactor sp015056885
s__SKKZ01 sp019429145
s__CAJOJO01 sp934167465
s__GWA2-38-13b sp000992445
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp018242215
s__GCA-001735895 sp029862125
s__VGOG01 sp030611885
s__Azonexus sp003583745
s__CAIQIQ01 sp029777755
s__TMED112 sp913044115
s__Brevundimonas sp026105875
s__JAIRYN01 sp031267575
s__Pseudoalteromonas citrea
s__Flavobacterium sp023278045
s__JAGOSA01 sp018062505
s__Pelagerythrobacter aerophilus
s__Pseudomonas_E xionganensis
s__JACQAT01 sp016194865
s__Bacteroides sp949292025
s__RGIG4373 sp017459605
s__Nocardia amamiensis_A
s__JAJPXI01 sp021203885
s__Sulfurimonas sp021163845
s__GCA-002733105 sp002733505
s__JACVCS01 sp019747615
s__UBA1847 sp029863125
s__Huintestinicola sp934486875
s__Palsa-1315 sp030645475
s__M0103 sp021298235
s__CAMYOC01 sp947259915
s__Stappia indica_A
s__UBA1926 sp023898685
s__Flavobacterium sp903889745
s__JACRNA01 sp030681075
s__JABDBN01 sp013288625
s__JAHEIW01 sp030066985
s__UMGS1663 sp947626235
s__Prevotella sp937916075
s__Desulfocapsa sp026988015
s__Pelagibacter sp902580275
s__Casp-actino8 sp005801025
s__B118-G9 sp011046365
s__Vagococcus hydrophili
s__Phycicoccus flavus
s__MSPOR6 sp022822085
s__Gastranaerophilus sp947090755
s__Coproplasma sp949282385
s__Helicobacter_J sp002272825
s__JABCPE02 sp938037185
s__Oceanithermus sp027023115
s__CANKTL01 sp947486405
s__Sodaliphilus sp002476625
s__Carnobacterium_A sp002418295
s__Lacunisphaera sp025362555
s__Caldimonas aquatica
s__RUG11894 sp024403005
s__Thalassococcus halodurans_A
s__Chryseobacterium oleae
s__JABMOQ01 sp013204045
s__Agromyces sp031178025
s__Halopseudomonas sp023475025
s__JACPQD01 sp016190665
s__Streptomyces sp030499515
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017626555
s__Sinisalibacter sp002746935
s__Palsa-965 sp003151415
s__JAUIJC01 sp030431525
s__UBA1776 sp002314605
s__Desulfolinea sp029933275
s__Acinetobacter sp000773685
s__Wocania sp009498295
s__Eggerthella timonensis
s__JAIQGC01 sp020073585
s__Paenibacillus amylolyticus_E
s__VXYL01 sp026705345
s__Collinsella sp902490445
s__UBA1941 sp003165135
s__JAMPGF01 sp949744025
s__UBA952 sp905182775
s__JAIRPG01 sp031280065
s__WQVC01 sp009785665
s__Acetatifactor sp015057005
s__Maricaulis sp018222865
s__Acinetobacter pragensis
s__Bartonella florencae
s__Sulfuritalea sp016708585
s__DSBK01 sp011046085
s__N075bin59 sp004357655
s__Ch128b sp026415235
s__Nocardia asteroides_A
s__Butyrivibrio sp000703165
s__CF-13 sp005889285
s__CAIPVD01 sp903868375
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017962365
s__JAFMIT01 sp017853815
s__JACRDY01 sp016218485
s__UBA2463 sp945877235
s__Rectinema sp026418115
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003097235
s__Erythrobacter sp030148605
s__JAFUXM01 sp937892105
s__Akkermansia sp017555465
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000377905
s__JAPLMO01 sp026386995
s__JAISMZ01 sp031276475
s__Pseudomonas_E insulae
s__Bremerella cremea_A
s__RACS-047 sp031276725
s__CAINWE01 sp947380295
s__UBA1425 sp002329365
s__JAIOOV01 sp021414235
s__Kitasatospora sp002943525
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp018241445
s__UBA8653 sp937911845
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003225535
s__Flagellimonas spongiicola
s__UBA12567 sp030748575
s__Lientehia sp022793195
s__Arthrobacter sp026427775
s__Fibrobacter sp021443045
s__JADFNO01 sp022571635
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004310295
s__SKYB61 sp026418015
s__Streptococcus sp023115445
s__Haloactinospora alba
s__Gaiella sp026785685
s__Streptomonospora litoralis
s__Enterocloster sp944383785
s__Collinsella sp019419425
s__JAOUOM01 sp029880385
s__Palsa-965 sp013288325
s__Udaeobacter sp955652245
s__Zoogloea sp017302315
s__B3-G11 sp030598305
s__Robiginitomaculum sp023301505
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp016870485
s__SICG01 sp020852055
s__Rhodohalobacter sp021462415
s__TCS55 sp016845785
s__S144-45 sp026982315
s__28-YEA-48 sp025356415
s__NaphS2 sp016844935
s__JAJNNC01 sp958296015
s__Devosia sp023437755
s__DUOT01 sp012838705
s__GCA-2707915 sp913031395
s__Limimorpha sp902769815
s__Pseudomonas_E guariconensis_D
s__Caccovivens sp017625505
s__UBA1140 sp947313765
s__SXYR01 sp016868815
s__JAIXRE01 sp027485375
s__UBA1305 sp023399355
s__CALBTA01 sp937967755
s__Chlorobium sp026390855
s__Evtepia sp029256465
s__Pantoea sp913778495
s__CAIKVZ01 sp903844215
s__DUQB01 sp012838035
s__UBA737 sp902796165
s__SPGG5 sp022561525
s__UMGS1865 sp918290775
s__Finniella inopinata_A
s__JANWHQ01 sp025450315
s__JAUSCH01 sp030614255
s__Paenibacillus_I sp023433615
s__Stagnihabitans sp025950525
s__AG-414-E02 sp902589795
s__Actinoplanes sp001553785
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021790655
s__S012-15 sp027038835
s__Anaerocolumna sp023410275
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp937891565
s__DAOVXM01 sp030636125
s__DFXE01 sp031267205
s__OFTM285 sp029260155
s__JANXTY01 sp025352145
s__Cyanobium sp945872185
s__Paenibacillus_O sp900105225
s__Palsa-744 sp017882375
s__Serratia marcescens_F
s__Methylosinus sp009936375
s__UBA2284 sp030603805
s__Merdivicinus sp905214265
s__CAJKWP01 sp944381825
s__HIMB59 sp902509695
s__JADKFE01 sp023150845
s__UBA1757 sp017446025
s__Devosia sp946481445
s__LCPA01 sp001003385
s__UBA2040 sp025210175
s__Hoeflea sp014359905
s__Collinsella sp902470345
s__SIG299 sp937891165
s__Bacteroides sp958477465
s__JAIRKH01 sp031255285
s__Firm-09 sp001604065
s__2-01-FULL-39-12 sp001787455
s__Bacillus_BD sp024494465
s__JAAFJM01 sp027491085
s__UBA1874 sp002352935
s__JALVMZ01 sp027032655
s__Ga0077523 sp019747905
s__Bog-1198 sp030775625
s__Treponema_F sp946061495
s__UBA721 sp002709045
s__HGM11507 sp934403665
s__M30B19 sp018402565
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902598125
s__Poriferisocius anaerobius
s__Pseudoramibacter porci
s__CAMYJA01 sp947258705
s__GCA-2746365 sp011051475
s__Palsa-1447 sp937889545
s__JAJDOJ01 sp022340215
s__Faecousia sp017398105
s__Cellulomonas sp001424125
s__Cryosericum sp002402295
s__WGAO01 sp027077795
s__OLB17 sp018269005
s__Thioglobus_C sp016845205
s__Thiothrix litoralis
s__RGIG1828 sp017397885
s__Methylocystis sp024506175
s__Collinsella sp014871665
s__JAISBU01 sp031266015
s__B3-TA06 sp016934635
s__BPII01 sp026004035
s__Reyranella sp018240745
s__Butyribacter sp902795775
s__Zymogenus sp030613285
s__JADGNZ01 sp017883205
s__Pelagibacter sp014653665
s__Caccovicinus sp022796475
s__Streptomyces sp024584805
s__Novosphingobium sp004341845
s__UBA5456 sp012839325
s__RGIG6353 sp015065265
s__UMGS755 sp017416855
s__SIG710 sp015063495
s__Arenicella sp905479805
s__JACRCH01 sp016219075
s__Roseobacter sp947491795
s__Parabacteroides sp019411205
s__JALZUV01 sp029252805
s__Janthinobacterium sp014379395
s__JACQXB01 sp016208965
s__CAIQCK01 sp016235595
s__Neobacillus cucumis_A
s__Caldovatus aquaticus
s__Pilibacter termitis
s__Paenibacillus_A segetis
s__Algoriphagus sp005788235
s__VFMC01 sp026393475
s__Enterousia sp018065345
s__GWF2-37-49 sp000989955
s__RF16 sp946614295
s__UBA877 sp903873975
s__UBA5189 sp001795245
s__Actinopolymorpha rutila
s__OFTM258 sp029260215
s__Hominilimicola sp947631235
s__CAG-269 sp947628415
s__Planktothrix paucivesiculata
s__Brenneria bubanii
s__Chitinophaga filiformis
s__LD21 sp002424525
s__JAEZJQ01 sp023436305
s__Huintestinicola sp023667165
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp023258355
s__JAJYVT01 sp021850255
s__Bacteriovorax sp002440825
s__Porphyromonas sp945965245
s__SLNK01 sp003566255
s__J103 sp003694875
s__JAADJD01 sp013150955
s__WMHbin3 sp015228895
s__HTCC2207 sp905182245
s__JAIOSR01 sp030666795
s__Muricomes sp001517425
s__Nocardioides pelophilus
s__Demequina sp030418315
s__Thiofilum flexile
s__Thermosulfurimonas_A marina
s__UBA1006 sp027031875
s__Marinobacterium_A nitratireducens
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp003553165
s__RUG626 sp944385785
s__UBA996 sp002291955
s__JABSSA01 sp013214665
s__Prevotella sp002305505
s__WGBX01 sp027039975
s__JACQRW01 sp016196115
s__DTPU01 sp029907605
s__JASJBI01 sp030066595
s__Halomonas sp009363755
s__Faecousia sp934615645
s__UBA4372 sp902784475
s__Limnohabitans sp009693305
s__SIG578 sp017461245
s__Geotalea daltonii
s__Hwanghaeella sp028282025
s__Faecousia sp934591845
s__JAOTSI01 sp029865005
s__Bin90 sp958295865
s__Kaistia granuli
s__UM-FILTER-42-14 sp002784625
s__GCA-2707915 sp902604855
s__Marvinbryantia sp030539395
s__Microbulbifer sp913055755
s__Desulfovibrio sp017613295
s__Vibrio sp018222805
s__QAKW01 sp937881855
s__TC-71 sp010092775
s__Enterousia sp946623825
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023426005
s__JAHWKY01 sp019347575
s__Actinoplanes lichenicola
s__UM-FILTER-46-8 sp002791595
s__JAUVAN01 sp030595125
s__Agrococcus sp022436485
s__Pelagibacter sp902594245
s__Methylobrevis pamukkalensis
s__UBA6168 sp022841745
s__UBA8202 sp029552825
s__WRHW01 sp031281385
s__Paucibacter toxinivorans
s__JAFGCR01 sp018817125
s__M1803 sp023954855
s__RUG13038 sp947165005
s__RUG14243 sp905236735
s__Phaeospirillum sp002105535
s__Endozoicomonas sp024606265
s__UMGS1491 sp902495835
s__Cycloclasticus sp002101205
s__UBA11490 sp905236445
s__UBA6249 sp030691865
s__UBA6233 sp030650425
s__JAMNXU01 sp023623175
s__Oerskovia sp026163685
s__GCA-2704665 sp002704665
s__Pelagibacter sp902537905
s__Mycobacterium sp001500045
s__RGIG1828 sp017437345
s__JAHDCI01 sp020629955
s__CAJCBL01 sp023269585
s__Oceanospirillum sediminis
s__JABXKX01 sp022496765
s__OLB19 sp021767645
s__GCA-002728855 sp002728855
s__RGIG3925 sp017455975
s__WRDF01 sp020859685
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019747155
s__Dyadobacter bucti
s__DAHXMP01 sp027371665
s__JAQUOA01 sp028749215
s__J31TS4 sp018403265
s__CAG-196 sp944324195
s__Enterococcus_B sp017316125
s__Sinorhizobium garamanticum
s__Flavobacterium taihuense
s__UBA7377 sp028139685
s__Campylobacter_B sp938002845
s__Kordiimonas sp016764715
s__Angelakisella sp020024555
s__Akkermansia sp937901085
s__CAG-170 sp934623545
s__UBA8612 sp017516485
s__DAOWHK01 sp030641465
s__Rudaea sp018240485
s__MAG-120531 sp018401115
s__Epilithonimonas sp029960045
s__Flavobacterium sp003449615
s__Prevotella sp017389705
s__WRHT01 sp031280335
s__JAMCWD01 sp023475345
s__Devriesea agamarum
s__UBA8529 sp013376985
s__Vitreimonas sp019636095
s__JAHWJY01 sp019348135
s__JAITKM01 sp031278395
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp028292785
s__SURF-19 sp003599855
s__JAMCWR01 sp023480665
s__BNZF01 sp031262245
s__Gallimonas sp014804975
s__JAKVBK01 sp022447275
s__Sideroxyarcus sp003445795
s__Marisediminicola sp014378715
s__SHLQ01 sp938084885
s__12844 sp017443895
s__T3Sed10-140 sp007126175
s__RGIG3135 sp017533165
s__Rhizobacter sp014380155
s__JAUIJX01 sp030430795
s__UBA2112 sp946804195
s__JAITSO01 sp031287735
s__Notoacmeibacter ruber
s__Streptomyces piniterrae
s__WQXQ01 sp009776715
s__JAGPCH01 sp018058125
s__Bartonella massiliensis
s__B1Sed10-166 sp003552665
s__FUHM01 sp900155565
s__Psychroflexus torquis
s__UBA12077 sp020444275
s__Planktophila sp027483765
s__RHLJ01 sp017795005
s__Onthousia sp946494435
s__RGIG10196 sp017961685
s__Chryseotalea sp022842845
s__CAMQUX01 sp947037905
s__UASB340 sp000989185
s__UBA1731 sp002317575
s__Sphingopyxis fribergensis
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031283685
s__C7867-002 sp023269245
s__Centipeda sp937981305
s__Gloeocapsa sp000332035
s__UBA974 sp002722795
s__Desulfosporosinus sp000960765
s__JACPGR01 sp016182415
s__Telluria eurypsychrophila
s__HyVt-613 sp027009605
s__JAFGSR01 sp016934515
s__Rhodoferax sp018063565
s__Streptococcus downii
s__UBA952 sp947454525
s__UBA737 sp017403065
s__HGM12713 sp015063485
s__AC2028 sp024403435
s__DUEZ01 sp020350285
s__W265 sp011170325
s__TMED96 sp902628605
s__RGIG2161 sp017959065
s__Chryseobacterium kwangjuense
s__RGIG3102 sp018109965
s__Rhizobium sp900470805
s__CAG-272 sp018065475
s__JAMXLG01 sp027459645
s__UBA6265 sp002440805
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp903831095
s__UBA2450 sp902797795
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031286985
s__Negativibacillus sp019423685
s__Tsuneonella amylolytica
s__Phaeobacter_A marinintestinus
s__Sphingobium sp009360885
s__Thauera sp004295105
s__Quinella sp017549815
s__JAHJGZ01 sp018823795
s__Bosea lathyri
s__JADJEF01 sp025361105
s__JAGXRT01 sp023700885
s__UBA6183 sp947491825
s__Bog-159 sp003132865
s__GCA-002793355 sp016860985
s__Bradyrhizobium algeriense
s__RF16 sp017464475
s__Tamlana_A sp015355625
s__Methylophaga aminisulfidivorans_A
s__Aphodosoma sp018064385
s__JAAYTL01 sp012521625
s__JAJYJE01 sp028870105
s__JAIXRX01 sp027485005
s__Pelagibacter sp902566755
s__Aulosira sp002368195
s__JAUCQB01 sp030372985
s__Helicobacter_D sp022770205
s__Flavimobilis soli
s__DSDH01 sp011055475
s__Aquabacterium_A sp010030205
s__JALENY01 sp022767285
s__Variovorax sp013376045
s__Treponema_D sp946628495
s__Avoscillospira sp017440525
s__HGM12713 sp017623375
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp014378765
s__JAUHYH01 sp030426585
s__Scatoplasma sp949287425
s__Austwickia sp016699675
s__Palsa-1392 sp013821455
s__UBA1764 sp030536235
s__RYN-428 sp028288775
s__Faecisoma sp946488855
s__JAAUQL01 sp022360055
s__Anaeroplasma sp022768655
s__Fen-1298 sp026390575
s__Nitrosospira multiformis_F
s__Paraglaciecola arctica_A
s__CANMFO01 sp947497245
s__JAIRLS01 sp031260845
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017460105
s__HGM12713 sp017453285
s__GCA-001735895 sp020354435
s__CAJOQB01 sp030523765
s__Faecousia sp905233385
s__VFKE01 sp009885695
s__Dermatophilus sp945876925
s__Neorhizobium pseudoryzae
s__Allosphingosinicella sp030447665
s__CAG-1252 sp017961365
s__JACKFE01 sp031315915
s__Limimorpha sp947302205
s__Alkalihalobacterium chitinilyticum
s__UBA2450 sp024408075
s__Microbacterium stercoravium
s__Villigracilis sp014860805
s__Pluralibacter sp913775985
s__Pseudoalteromonas byunsanensis
s__JAOZMZ01 sp029934055
s__CAACVY01 sp900661335
s__JADGHJ01 sp019686175
s__Quinella sp937877565
s__Octadecabacter sp018500065
s__Collinsella sp900553475
s__Rubritalea sp937934595
s__LL51 sp031270475
s__CAG-302 sp947164795
s__UBA4372 sp016292045
s__Bilifractor sp902783945
s__Trichloromonas sp937982495
s__JABISL01 sp018700055
s__CACIIZ01 sp902573735
s__Photobacterium sp024357955
s__Oribacterium sp013394775
s__GCA-002708315 sp002686705
s__Corynebacterium curieae
s__Butyrivibrio sp024697425
s__Nocardioides cynanchi
s__Alloprevotella sp937877625
s__PCC-6406 sp027592485
s__Pseudomonas_E sp028649395
s__UBA7523 sp002479415
s__Sodaliphilus sp016287065
s__Blastomonas sp000331245
s__Microbacterium_A humi
s__Spirillospora logoneensis
s__Deinococcus aerophilus
s__Enterousia sp934232895
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028408025
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp027486275
s__B3-TA06 sp030670165
s__SHZI01 sp016789845
s__JAQVHD01 sp028696375
s__Arthrobacter_B sp020907405
s__Rhabdonatronobacter sp007123625
s__JADFSH01 sp027295365
s__RUG626 sp947628185
s__Pseudomonas_E khorasanensis
s__M3007 sp020847425
s__Planktophila sp937975715
s__Hydrogenimonas sp029933015
s__JAOTYS01 sp029861795
s__Nitrosomonas sp900113925
s__JACDDX01 sp013813875
s__JAFGHN01 sp016930115
s__Arthrobacter sp031178005
s__Micromonospora_E sp029581195
s__Allosphingosinicella sp013816585
s__JABWBR01 sp016715405
s__UBA7542 sp003161635
s__JACCTQ01 sp013812265
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp030540435
s__Gorgyraea atricola
s__Microsaccharimonas sp028288995
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017615445
s__WRDJ01 sp009783495
s__CAG-475 sp947589475
s__UBA6266 sp002440765
s__JAHHSQ01 sp020025135
s__JAHWKQ01 sp019347785
s__UBA1740 sp017648085
s__QALR01 sp017399025
s__JAFIHK01 sp017848635
s__Crocinitomix sp030836155
s__Leadbettera sp009780595
s__JAAZKI01 sp012799905
s__Sphingomonas_O sp013821585
s__C7867-001 sp021824605
s__Paraburkholderia metrosideri
s__Marivita lacus
s__CANLBN01 sp947488935
s__HGM11412 sp017628935
s__Acidiferrobacter sp027343725
s__WAJ17 sp014174515
s__JAIRLU01 sp031278815
s__UBA6919 sp002450905
s__Sulfuricystis sp013426785
s__67-14 sp020438395
s__RPRI01 sp018819005
s__G958295755 sp958295755
s__SZUA-430 sp009885515
s__JAJDBK01 sp029261405
s__Mycobacterium sp025963385
s__OLB19 sp018608435
s__UBA4636 sp017407325
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030529135
s__Segetibacter sp028288505
s__JALZND01 sp030857845
s__YB1-3 sp030859405
s__Edaphobacter sp030853485
s__JAIRKH01 sp031279555
s__DAHUXH01 sp027307235
s__Dendronalium minutum
s__QWPN01 sp017853835
s__UBA2882 sp017936785
s__Chryseobacterium sp002979455
s__Microbacterium sp030425055
s__UBA2834 sp002391075
s__Hanstruepera sp030425285
s__RGIG7193 sp017537225
s__NAK82 sp025062175
s__Fibrella aquatilis
s__Streptomyces zingiberis
s__Sphingobacterium alimentarium
s__UBA6065 sp030680695
s__JACQZL01 sp016213865
s__JAOUMO01 sp029881425
s__Sva-25 sp030620735
s__Shewanella abyssi
s__4484-213 sp021158625
s__UBA1515 sp016874185
s__Paroceanicella sp003448965
s__JAUZRS01 sp030950195
s__Azospira_A restricta
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017520185
s__Ww85 sp024643445
s__Zwartia sp030653405
s__RUG11130 sp949747515
s__CAG-269 sp945865665
s__Alteriqipengyuania sp015999305
s__JADGGD01 sp019690095
s__Ottowia sp023394015
s__UBA1740 sp934373635
s__Electronema sp026122915
s__G019856515 sp019720755
s__UBA3282 sp947631625
s__2-12-FULL-38-22 sp001820055
s__2-02-FULL-47-12 sp001790455
s__UBA3857 sp017614315
s__UBA9973 sp026395915
s__HIMB11 sp913060475
s__CALQRR01 sp943333015
s__AG-409-L18 sp003215535
s__JABSQW01 sp013215605
s__Lysobacter_B sp002798295
s__WRLJ01 sp031253545
s__Arthrobacter sp002929215
s__AG-363-P08 sp003278365
s__Hymenobacter sp013256425
s__Enterovibrio sp947040595
s__Limnocylindrus sp026389555
s__JALJZY01 sp024171525
s__CSBR16-113R1 sp007117695
s__Phocaeicola sp949294185
s__Aquimarina sp937958985
s__UBA3402 sp947588005
s__Geomonas oryzae
s__Brevundimonas sp001427825
s__UBA3282 sp947631955
s__PeH17 sp002309375
s__Sulfurovum sp003934925
s__AC-56 sp023251935
s__Udaeobacter sp003219355
s__Sulfurimonas sp027083035
s__Evtepia sp017560855
s__Roseburia sp934292805
s__GCA-2704625 sp902539745
s__B22-G15 sp003648245
s__Lancefieldella sp938045565
s__CAG-841 sp016282315
s__UBA10119 sp900299405
s__Prochlorococcus_C sp003214855
s__Shimia sp913054185
s__DYFT01 sp020725085
s__Tautonia marina
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp011398355
s__Treponema_D sp024402615
s__GCA-2747515 sp020718085
s__CG2-30-45-37 sp001873515
s__Mucilaginibacter sp025359345
s__PCC-7502 sp949127865
s__JAHDEI01 sp938010795
s__Treponema_D sp014334335
s__Psychrobium sp913060565
s__Huintestinicola sp902782875
s__Flemingibacterium sp017466685
s__Nanosynbacter sp937875955
s__JAGRAS01 sp020434465
s__Maribacter antarcticus
s__Arthrobacter sp902506065
s__JADFUQ01 sp021163295
s__CAG-273 sp944390515
s__Proteiniphilum sp012841425
s__Polaribacter sp028343155
s__CAMCAC01 sp945872305
s__Faeciplasma sp947625615
s__Akkermansia sp947626545
s__Flavobacterium sp025960985
s__CAG-269 sp944393735
s__JAOZQN01 sp029932195
s__Neorhizobium sp004343585
s__Caulobacter ginsengisoli
s__Streptomyces olivochromogenes_A
s__Planktophila sp903893085
s__JAEYUN01 sp023432475
s__Flavobacterium beibuense
s__Ga0077553 sp025354525
s__JAJRXR01 sp024276195
s__CAJXSN01 sp913060895
s__Petralouisia sp009911185
s__UBA5004 sp025450175
s__Paenibacillus_E silvestris
s__Veillonella sp902477915
s__Halobacteroides halobius
s__RPRI01 sp018823005
s__Limnohabitans_A sp945897795
s__CAG-269 sp947626875
s__Kingella_B sp030527935
s__Porphyromonas_A sp934364985
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp024642335
s__Helicobacter_E sp019703305
s__JAADCS01 sp027003075
s__Streptomyces sp025399895
s__Fictibacillus nanhaiensis_B
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A kalamensis
s__JAAYIK01 sp029263635
s__PMG-095 sp023411445
s__Gallispira sp947632235
s__Flavobacterium zepuense
s__Treponema_D sp937877515
s__Aliiroseovarius sp010500215
s__NIOZ-UU35 sp028278545
s__JAOZMY01 sp029934085
s__Acholeplasma equifetale
s__Enterousia sp017642565
s__Neorhizobium huautlense_A
s__Pseudomonas_E sp020520285
s__SZUA-486 sp003251635
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902766775
s__DTU067 sp937877075
s__Hydrogenophaga sp026125785
s__Tepidimonas sp025054905
s__Streptococcus sp902482895
s__MGBC162267 sp947588935
s__CACIJG01 sp902537235
s__Chlorobaculum sp001602925
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281285
s__Pelovirga sp019429255
s__UBA2386 sp947444055
s__Thiolinea sp937876535
s__UBA9145 sp913060495
s__SIG685 sp017453605
s__Huintestinicola sp947625735
s__Veillonella_A criceti
s__Chitinophaga rupis
s__E44-bin89 sp013202615
s__Nitrosomonas sp024282095
s__UBA2463 sp027486725
s__SCGC-AG-212-F23 sp001644445
s__JANXCC01 sp023512665
s__Ventrousia sp944381055
s__JAADGX01 sp024276335
s__Nakamurella sp937926105
s__Microcella sp024362325
s__VGBV01 sp021323175
s__AUK324 sp021737785
s__Scatovivens sp948470875
s__UBA1425 sp029012165
s__BMS3Bbin01 sp013152275
s__Marichromatium bheemlicum
s__Isoptericola jiangsuensis
s__Moraxella sp945873075
s__AG-337-I02 sp902537325
s__Scybalousia sp934133015
s__Agathobaculum sp944376955
s__ELB16-189 sp016787665
s__Lentibacillus halodurans
s__JAGVEX01 sp020057885
s__Rhodococcus sp030056735
s__Azonexus sp002425245
s__S010-17 sp026988395
s__Sphingopyxis sp937873425
s__CAKRJP01 sp934351835
s__MPNP01 sp026713305
s__JAJYVT01 sp021791845
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003223395
s__UBA1783 sp016280635
s__DTJG01 sp023818725
s__UBA1740 sp937892405
s__JADGCH01 sp015228995
s__Microtetraspora fusca
s__Enterousia sp017554365
s__JAUIET01 sp030431775
s__UMGS363 sp946404705
s__JALHOX01 sp022842805
s__Sphingobacterium sp026711005
s__RGIG3159 sp946060825
s__Methylomarinum sp030717995
s__Dysosmobacter sp945876285
s__Wenyingzhuangia sp020628175
s__Limosilactobacillus faecipullorum
s__JADJPQ01 sp016713175
s__Bin22 sp022821365
s__GWA1-54-10 sp028286685
s__Malonomonas sp947259715
s__Telluria sp001425685
s__Psychromonas ingrahamii
s__Brotaphodocola sp030825115
s__Limivicinus sp024690695
s__JAAYJK01 sp016841875
s__UBA9980 sp029571125
s__JALOAF01 sp023228925
s__Nitrotoga sp927797785
s__Rothia sp004137765
s__JADKJB01 sp016788065
s__Nanosyncoccus nanoralicus
s__JAADJB01 sp013151035
s__Eubacterium_I sp020860745
s__Limimorpha sp947303335
s__JAISNN01 sp031276195
s__Faecousia sp944385545
s__UBA4246 sp902789795
s__JACKID01 sp027493625
s__Belnapia aquatica
s__JAIBAJ01 sp947475205
s__SZUA-365 sp018224345
s__Thiovibrio sp026388695
s__UMGS263 sp958451705
s__JANTFJ01 sp024763115
s__JAJEDW01 sp022821145
s__Polaromonas sp001770785
s__Collinsella sp018380015
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017404665
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp030044385
s__JACPOP01 sp016191465
s__LH-M37 sp024636785
s__GCA-003244245 sp030862405
s__Bradyrhizobium jicamae_B
s__GCA-003244245 sp025465385
s__JAHDCE01 sp020631375
s__JASLXI01 sp027622595
s__MWCR01 sp029210915
s__Caccovivens sp947053595
s__JAABTT01 sp021737615
s__JAPLGZ01 sp026389895
s__CACIRS01 sp902589115
s__UBA5066 sp022711615
s__JAFLCM01 sp017303565
s__AG-414-E02 sp905612535
s__Saonia flava
s__JAJYKC01 sp021788955
s__Desulfurobacterium_B pacificum
s__Rippkaea orientalis
s__Pontibacter virosus
s__Streptomyces xiaopingdaonensis
s__VBKO01 sp005888115
s__Mycoplasmoides amphoriforme
s__RUG099 sp021442505
s__CAG-177 sp002438685
s__CAKKRL01 sp919902655
s__Occallatibacter sp003164255
s__JAUXCH01 sp030618975
s__DUML01 sp012839895
s__Sulfurimonas sp002733155
s__GCA-2717625 sp002717625
s__SZUA-226 sp028278405
s__Aquincola sp937883885
s__UBA1547 sp013334475
s__CACGMS01 sp028823075
s__HGM10766 sp947585915
s__Mycobacterium sp001665395
s__UBA4085 sp002383325
s__UBA3663 sp017548545
s__Butyrivibrio sp000420945
s__Fibrobacter sp024398845
s__JAHBVY01 sp030433055
s__CANLTT01 sp947494115
s__OLB19 sp001783525
s__G192 sp019084075
s__RPQJ01 sp012026925
s__SYFR01 sp947502375
s__Haliea sp030649675
s__Reyranella sp016191685
s__JACQGI01 sp016199625
s__Mucispirillum sp945929285
s__Cyanobium sp000708525
s__Zavarzinia sp028694545
s__Tepidibacter_A mesophilus
s__NSF051 sp937873135
s__GCA-2720935 sp002720935
s__UBA1006 sp937970115
s__Mariniphaga sediminis
s__GCA-2400975 sp016764395
s__JASLMY01 sp951812805
s__Luminiphilus sp029253085
s__Pseudozobellia thermophila
s__JAADHU01 sp022563505
s__Acetatifactor sp017559435
s__RUG592 sp902773245
s__CALFYW01 sp937952265
s__Companilactobacillus tucceti
s__UBA964 sp020846815
s__CAG-196 sp944324435
s__Eubacterium_R sp017543725
s__JAISQA01 sp031279305
s__Faecousia sp017409205
s__Flagellimonas sp947501165
s__Alteromonas profundi_A
s__Rikenella sp020859745
s__Qipengyuania mesophila
s__Fimenecus sp937884995
s__Variovorax paradoxus_G
s__Dyadobacter subterraneus
s__CF-167 sp030853945
s__Nocardioides sp022919075
s__UBA4421 sp028280225
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233335
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp017500935
s__SHZT01 sp009692185
s__Collinsella sp900543275
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021797465
s__Stammera capleta_B
s__Marichromatium purpuratum
s__UBA7672 sp947478925
s__Limiplasma sp001604115
s__JAGRNM01 sp020440745
s__Bacillus_A manliponensis
s__UBA3789 sp017478105
s__GCA-1730015 sp023301405
s__Mogibacterium sp916438865
s__RYN-353 sp028287415
s__Salimicrobium halophilum
s__Faecenecus sp947629165
s__Loosdrechtia aerotolerans
s__Neorhizobium populisoli
s__Eubacterium_I sp001941025
s__JACDDK01 sp013817025
s__Hespellia sp028689735
s__JAURLT01 sp030830595
s__Sulfidibacterium sp016936355
s__CAKZKT01 sp937124585
s__Shewanella amazonensis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946617545
s__Prevotella sp016286995
s__Syntrophotalea_A acetylenivorans
s__Clostridium_J sp002455975
s__Larkinella rosea
s__UBA10103 sp016217965
s__Nitrosospira sp900100985
s__JAITVR01 sp031285695
s__Pedobacter borealis
s__RYN-227 sp025964615
s__Cobetia sp009796845
s__WFXV01 sp026989475
s__Novosphingobium sp002440635
s__Noviherbaspirillum cavernae
s__Algibacter_B marinivivus
s__Nocardia sp030767025
s__JACDGB01 sp013695335
s__Modestobacter sp025933855
s__UBA6107 sp002402725
s__Bradyrhizobium sp031202265
s__RGIG3513 sp017444965
s__JAFIGG01 sp020831485
s__CAG-269 sp945919455
s__Segetibacter sp026786345
s__Novosphingobium sp027311705
s__UMGS1590 sp958451915
s__Gallimonas sp947625695
s__SCN-70-22 sp014379705
s__Paenibacillus_AB mesophilus
s__B68-G9 sp012962735
s__Arthrobacter_D sp000520515
s__GCA-2711565 sp002840985
s__BOG-931 sp955652195
s__VAYN01 sp018268655
s__Pelagibacter sp902595745
s__Klenkia sp025966215
s__Agriterribacter sp937991535
s__Citrobacter sp015672735
s__CACCLK01 sp902546795
s__QANA01 sp019420265
s__TMED8 sp018698795
s__RGIG1888 sp017414845
s__Thiomonas sp900089495
s__UBA3305 sp946630035
s__UBA4810 sp002478265
s__Pseudoduganella eburnea
s__JAFGHX01 sp016929905
s__JAAYHG01 sp012735455
s__WRFZ01 sp031258895
s__Leptospira_B semungkisensis
s__Spirillospora oligospora
s__2-02-FULL-66-22 sp016209725
s__Binatus sp937889395
s__Cohnella cholangitidis
s__STB-87 sp028706835
s__Roseburia_C sp023390555
s__Leucobacter exalbidus
s__Lawsonibacter sp017624915
s__Propionicimonas sp002843035
s__PFEE01 sp002793745
s__JAHITU01 sp030641525
s__SIG32 sp949286705
s__UBA1379 sp002305475
s__Rubinisphaera sp017795105
s__JAAKFF01 sp029556005
s__Jeotgalibacillus sp004405105
s__JACRIR01 sp016215705
s__JACQQZ01 sp016206755
s__UBA6168 sp002698985
s__JADLDK01 sp020846715
s__F2B08 sp012518475
s__Victivallis sp028698975
s__CAG-533 sp902783555
s__4484-87 sp002085355
s__Arcticibacter svalbardensis
s__Blastococcus saxobsidens_B
s__Marvinbryantia sp002473385
s__JANQFW01 sp028280605
s__JACRCC01 sp016234405
s__VGOB01 sp016865935
s__Chlorogloeopsis sp000332255
s__Acidocella sp021808055
s__NBML01 sp024226935
s__UBA1259 sp017612915
s__SM3-B121 sp018433975
s__Methylophaga sp030651745
s__Pseudorhodobacter sp937910975
s__M55B174 sp018399475
s__UBA1740 sp017503105
s__Stercorousia sp944323135
s__Prevotella dentasini
s__GWF2-32-72 sp000989525
s__UMGS687 sp937889705
s__RGIG7150 sp028701815
s__Stenotrophomonas sp013364355
s__DTU064 sp012522015
s__Gilliamella sp945291235
s__UBA5905 sp017435305
s__UBA6065 sp019661795
s__CAIKXV01 sp947456915
s__Pelagibacter sp902594605
s__JAEUSE01 sp023245995
s__JAKJEK01 sp022705465
s__LD21 sp015712185
s__DSQQ01 sp016860845
s__VXMT01 sp009839925
s__JAUVPO01 sp030598625
s__JAMCYD01 sp023473785
s__NIC37A-2 sp023460875
s__Scatovivens sp947653235
s__JAISFT01 sp031271075
s__Prevotella sp946403845
s__Limimorpha sp024400195
s__Mesorhizobium loti_F
s__Desulfoprunum sp008933635
s__JADKHK01 sp016182785
s__JANSXG01 sp024743075
s__JADFNB01 sp022563595
s__Marinobacter caseinilyticus
s__JADZDZ01 sp020850785
s__Marinobacter sp946886895
s__JAISDM01 sp031264885
s__Adiutrix sp023525915
s__JACNJL01 sp028872645
s__Pelagibacter sp902603625
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903926605
s__Brevundimonas sp023386645
s__Flavobacterium sp030929605
s__JAFLUQ01 sp947630975
s__UBA2658 sp012719035
s__JAADDV01 sp027081375
s__COE1 sp014804225
s__JANWKD01 sp025451595
s__Bulleidia sp947167125
s__UBA8639 sp029261295
s__CAIPFQ01 sp013285585
s__SYFT01 sp024653875
s__Owenweeksia sp937129395
s__UBA7867 sp949287685
s__Thalassoglobus sp030626405
s__Streptococcus sp905221335
s__JAFMMO01 sp017859655
s__Sarmatiella mevalonica
s__JAUIES01 sp030429705
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514045
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007692585
s__CAIOHW01 sp903858195
s__Trabulsiella guamensis
s__JAHFBY01 sp023249835
s__Andeanibacterium sp030430365
s__Prevotella sp017518935
s__Arthrobacter siccitolerans
s__Tenacibaculum sp900105455
s__JAIPGI01 sp021736215
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938036615
s__Pelagibacter sp902570505
s__Epilithonimonas sp002297505
s__JAHIRL01 sp018818755
s__GCA-2725955 sp002725955
s__RGIG4266 sp016282155
s__JACZYS01 sp022570975
s__JANQRZ01 sp028284265
s__UBA4372 sp022508635
s__YB3-1 sp016781485
s__Dysosmobacter sp905233795
s__Prevotella sp023204875
s__JABMNT01 sp028825025
s__Litoreibacter sp937928335
s__JAHWKQ01 sp030776845
s__Proteiniclasticum sp009930125
s__J093 sp003695015
s__Ch132 sp013178185
s__GCA-2786225 sp020831715
s__UBA3637 sp017540065
s__Tenacibaculum sp029853675
s__HTCC2207 sp024802545
s__CAMDVZ01 sp945878895
s__Pararheinheimera sp001669775
s__Saccharofermentans sp017649645
s__GCA-002733185 sp021648265
s__Monaibacterium marinum
s__M50B96 sp021739985
s__Arcanobacterium buesumense
s__LEGE-11386 sp019358915
s__Kineococcus sp022669155
s__AG11 sp003223455
s__R2A130 sp014238155
s__Elstera sp013298565
s__OLB19 sp913046815
s__CACPJY01 sp902634405
s__Hansschlegelia zhihuaiae
s__Symbiopectobacterium purcellii
s__JAJRSP01 sp024278775
s__T3Sed10-213 sp012519365
s__CAG-269 sp021771025
s__JAIQGF01 sp020072845
s__JACPKE01 sp016187205
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp023430725
s__UBA9145 sp951812715
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281455
s__Tenacibaculum sp020631475
s__Labrys sp008330945
s__RI-106 sp016124935
s__RUG806 sp022508845
s__JAEMQF01 sp022758925
s__Bacillus_CG fonticola
s__Rhodopila sp031291795
s__CAG-170 sp002437575
s__RGUW01 sp010027605
s__Streptomyces sp025290915
s__Gemmobacter caeruleus
s__OLB17 sp016716435
s__Urbifossiella sp017308215
s__KatS3mg085 sp025999215
s__JAIRWZ01 sp031268615
s__Pinibacter sp029906195
s__RGIG6429 sp028709565
s__RGIG3040 sp017436305
s__DUPI01 sp028706395
s__Chitinophaga filiformis_B
s__JAJCXL01 sp029263435
s__Filomicrobium sp022600345
s__SIG293 sp024698345
s__Chordicoccus sp024695465
s__Gallimonas sp947630325
s__Roseovarius sp030428025
s__Palsa-189 sp003140295
s__Mesocricetibacter intestinalis
s__JAADEN01 sp013153375
s__Rubripirellula lacrimiformis
s__Acetatifactor sp947382415
s__DUOF01 sp012839015
s__Pelagibacter sp902587435
s__RGIG989 sp017390525
s__UBA999 sp002291895
s__RGIG5755 sp017533915
s__Pelagibacter sp902551455
s__Ignatzschineria sp947632245
s__JALNZU01 sp030683155
s__GCA-002718515 sp030748805
s__JAJPJG01 sp021324395
s__CAIJLM01 sp026392135
s__Pseudomonas_E subflava
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp949948785
s__Fundidesulfovibrio sp009773665
s__RGIG3009 sp017440765
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018449525
s__Aquiluna borgnonia
s__Marmoricola sp025965315
s__Rheinheimera pacifica
s__Firm-07 sp017415805
s__UBA6796 sp028749255
s__UBA5852 sp002432195
s__Nitrospira_A sp023248215
s__Arcticimaribacter sp913020155
s__Gemmatimonas sp947457715
s__JAATFL01 sp015655215
s__Actinobacillus_B mairii
s__Chlorobium luteolum_C
s__Binatus sp003135855
s__UBA4311 sp017477855
s__JANXVV01 sp025351525
s__Novipirellula maiorica
s__Telluria phosphatilytica
s__Pseudomonas_E neoaurantiaca
s__Arthrobacter_D sp947493765
s__JAJDZL01 sp951813075
s__CAILZL01 sp947453225
s__Massiliimalia sp017887325
s__MGBC124762 sp946550725
s__Gleimia urinae
s__TMED112 sp002170245
s__Microbacterium sp018268435
s__RGIG1476 sp017632855
s__JAIXVG01 sp027483145
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946183365
s__UBA11373 sp016215655
s__DYER01 sp020725605
s__Desulfobacter sp003354055
s__Faeciplasma sp949283135
s__Caproiciproducens sp023420245
s__Actinomarina sp902622665
s__Marivita sp020055635
s__Sulfitobacter sp024636495
s__Flavobacterium sp029946065
s__Thermochromatium japonicum
s__DUMO01 sp012839865
s__Quinella sp017446845
s__RUG563 sp017524615
s__Deferrimicrobium sp007280195
s__Nitrospira_D sp016715825
s__Reyranella soli
s__HGM13634 sp934162365
s__Lepagella sp947178685
s__Brevundimonas sp946885435
s__UBA724 sp902631125
s__Streptococcus mitis_BW
s__Sphingomonas sp030433805
s__Prevotella sp017459445
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017513185
s__VMGE01 sp007376395
s__VAYN01 sp018268605
s__UBA5124 sp002414185
s__JABGQJ01 sp018648945
s__Enterousia sp947168075
s__Corynebacterium argentoratense_A
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus_D
s__Thermanaerovibrio sp026417795
s__Microbacterium cremeum
s__VGXO01 sp016873275
s__Lacibacter sp014168535
s__Sphingomonas_R montana
s__JAITLA01 sp031278255
s__CAMYKE01 sp947258895
s__Mucilaginibacter sp001636615
s__Acetobacterium wieringae_A
s__Palsa-465 sp030038955
s__SKLO01 sp007123195
s__CAMYMC01 sp947259365
s__JAGLTQ01 sp023135195
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp016462095
s__UBA3210 sp015059095
s__UBA8498 sp938004185
s__Carboxylicivirga sp947503525
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902574045
s__UBA4363 sp017965125
s__Pseudaminobacter alhagi
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030696525
s__CANJUD01 sp025363675
s__Listeria valentina
s__SZUA-179 sp003229735
s__J031 sp003696975
s__Crassaminicella profunda
s__UBA5734 sp009928985
s__Pelagibacter_A sp002170125
s__CALVUJ01 sp934183255
s__Paracoccus sp025195095
s__UBA11386 sp016933425
s__Paludibacter jiangxiensis_A
s__Mycobacterium sp001021385
s__Yoonia sp900143545
s__Nisaea nitritireducens
s__JAACPJ01 sp905478675
s__Acidocella atsumiense_A
s__JAJFLK01 sp021772735
s__JAGPUQ01 sp913060555
s__Nitrosomonas sp020852475
s__ELB16-189 sp002398365
s__Villigracilis sp014379595
s__Mesorhizobium hawassense
s__Rubrivivax sp028868825
s__Enterousia sp024402715
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp021205365
s__UBA3571 sp024277405
s__Novosphingobium sediminis
s__JAJFKN01 sp021773195
s__Arthrobacter sp004320525
s__OPU3-GD-OMZ sp030753675
s__JAGVEP01 sp020058145
s__Marinospirillum minutulum
s__Negativibacillus sp946563605
s__Thermodesulfobacterium sp008630935
s__WRMQ01 sp009779995
s__UBA5774 sp025361765
s__Aureisphaera sp013043825
s__JACRBK01 sp016234525
s__QZKY01 sp018262475
s__WRFW01 sp009787435
s__RUG12519 sp902790675
s__UBA2779 sp030635565
s__Hymenobacter nitidus
s__Latescibacter anaerobius
s__SZUA-181 sp003228735
s__COE1 sp014804345
s__DTHP01 sp023819145
s__UBA10151 sp016183265
s__HGM10890 sp023398335
s__CAKZUU01 sp937922175
s__UBA3077 sp026995265
s__RYN-417 sp028289135
s__Mucilaginibacter jinjuensis
s__CAJLIR01 sp934130045
s__UBA8515 sp030916965
s__Paremcibacter sp024280095
s__Brachymonas sp018054915
s__UBA953 sp903921665
s__UBA1844 sp030066625
s__RGIG7926 sp016282595
s__Pararheinheimera mangrovi
s__Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens_A
s__GCA-002708715 sp002708715
s__Bacteroides sp002471185
s__Collinsella sp902489225
s__Petrimonas sp002316835
s__Thiomonas sp021818065
s__Polaribacter aestuariivivens
s__JAEEJA01 sp016281605
s__Variovorax sp017161115
s__GBS-DC sp026416065
s__Mycobacterium sp020438905
s__Aeromicrobium stalagmiti
s__JARYMT01 sp029906985
s__Limnohabitans sp945861305
s__Novosphingobium palustris
s__UBA964 sp016874175
s__JAJFMA01 sp945957095
s__PGZG01 sp002840115
s__DYOB01 sp020720765
s__Sediminibacterium sp027487895
s__BM516 sp913061095
s__Sulfuricystis sp011391215
s__Pelagibacter sp902510495
s__JAHJQT01 sp018819085
s__RUG806 sp946627725
s__Sutterella sp017936545
s__RUG14284 sp902797585
s__Streptomyces pratensis_A
s__UBA1046 sp002316595
s__Inquilinus limosus_C
s__20-14-0-80-50-8 sp002779345
s__GCA-2732755 sp002732755
s__Streptococcus sp934215455
s__Streptomyces paradoxus
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947458305
s__Shewanella sp024197625
s__Flagellimonas amoyensis
s__Thermus sediminis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018398875
s__Arenicella sp030426005
s__CACLRR01 sp902609415
s__Actinomarinicola sp016649895
s__R2A130 sp003233475
s__Arsukibacterium sp018402695
s__Glycocaulis profundi
s__34-128 sp030668465
s__Stenomitos frigidus
s__Wolbachia sp029715105
s__JADLGH01 sp020054175
s__JAISJD01 sp031261705
s__JABFVL01 sp013362805
s__Cyclonatronum sp022565805
s__JAAFIG01 sp013298185
s__JAHEEL01 sp024762335
s__Roseococcus thiosulfatophilus
s__Lysobacter sp017308985
s__JAUICH01 sp030427505
s__Mycosynbacter sp937902295
s__UBA2197 sp014859605
s__Sedimentibacter sp018436705
s__Thermoflexibacter sp013298985
s__JAEUIL01 sp016794255
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905235715
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_B
s__WRNQ01 sp009784305
s__RUG14130 sp017551645
s__JAUWIN01 sp030605345
s__Sphingomonas caeni_A
s__JAIRNK01 sp031265645
s__Pseudaminobacter camelthorni
s__ELB16-189 sp020436125
s__Kutzneria buriramensis
s__JANWJE01 sp025451995
s__STD1-117 sp028718865
s__Ch128a sp016929695
s__Denitrolinea sp020722375
s__JALGVT01 sp025774555
s__MED-G20 sp938084875
s__Chryseobacterium glaciei
s__Tichowtungia sp013141415
s__Streptomyces sp002920575
s__RGIG1896 sp944327135
s__JAFGGX01 sp016930315
s__BM002 sp022340905
s__Zrk29 sp027859085
s__Bordetella_C sp001704295
s__CAJFPI01 sp944385425
s__Aeromonas lusitana
s__DTWD01 sp012963185
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900601905
s__HUN007 sp030533325
s__Methyloceanibacter sp030064755
s__WRFX01 sp031254455
s__JAJRYK01 sp024275825
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031281815
s__Ignavibacterium sp025998815
s__JAMLHH01 sp023957215
s__Geodermatophilus sp003319115
s__JAADHI01 sp013151935
s__UBA1444 sp002329525
s__Nocardioides sp024509035
s__Vreelandella azerica
s__JABFRY01 sp013140955
s__Sphingobium_A cavernae
s__UBA953 sp947463395
s__PWVH01 sp003563465
s__Lepagella sp004552395
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031258475
s__Alterinioella sp947498125
s__Roseibium sp000521215
s__Psychrobacter sp029256865
s__UBA1400 sp002305125
s__Bradyrhizobium hereditatis
s__JAAZKO01 sp012799795
s__JAGOSM01 sp018062315
s__Pseudescherichia sp002480085
s__Acholeplasma sp023431045
s__CAKTAA01 sp934526185
s__Enterousia sp946613195
s__Bin125 sp022822375
s__JARGEN01 sp029211125
s__Erythrobacter sp027531395
s__JAFGCL01 sp937860285
s__Ruminococcus_C sp947566125
s__CAG-269 sp944386745
s__Bosea sp000735605
s__PHOS-HE28 sp937873385
s__JAUWPZ01 sp030611315
s__UBA12158 sp023245435
s__Mycobacterium sp021154745
s__DAIDHV01 sp027451905
s__Maribacter ulvicola
s__Alteribacillus persepolensis
s__AAA044-D11 sp903875815
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp946548305
s__JAGOVB01 sp018060945
s__RGIG1864 sp017646825
s__Mycobacterium sp001545925
s__Paracidovorax konjaci
s__Moraxella sp023336735
s__JAJZHX01 sp021804315
s__Prevotella sp946405805
s__UBA953 sp943332745
s__JAABQT01 sp029863065
s__JAFUXM01 sp946186205
s__Merdicola sp947631025
s__Qipengyuania sp947501005
s__Aureliella sp005798335
s__Lacticaseibacillus brantae
s__UBA1364 sp903891335
s__Bradyrhizobium archetypum
s__Desulfocapsa sp029942265
s__Sphingomonas caeni
s__GCA-2746255 sp002746255
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021836625
s__SG8-41 sp020854035
s__JACMLA01 sp014379815
s__Limnocylindrus sp009919365
s__UBA1740 sp017646745
s__Streptomyces flavotricini
s__UBA3222 sp016286235
s__Reyranella sp019750135
s__JAAXHV01 sp009843675
s__Aphodosoma sp017550055
s__Collinsella sp019419405
s__UBA2834 sp016290315
s__Thiomonas sp021841865
s__Domibacillus indicus
s__JAAFHS01 sp025458385
s__WQXQ01 sp009781635
s__Cryobacterium arcticum_A
s__Tateyamaria omphalii
s__RGIG3566 sp017444195
s__Demequina sp023428185
s__SZUA-540 sp009731355
s__Nocardioides sp030019515
s__Streptomyces sp023614235
s__BuS5 sp016735355
s__VXYL01 sp026706385
s__CANRES01 sp947629625
s__Alitiscatomonas sp947623185
s__JACRKE01 sp016215335
s__UBA2137 sp002701555
s__Allosphingosinicella sp011320075
s__AAA536-G10 sp003284565
s__JAAYFL01 sp012728165
s__Crocosphaera sp030064935
s__Psychromonas sp003318165
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp021648625
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934698975
s__Hymenobacter sp030581005
s__Oceanicoccus sp028280715
s__Sphingobium sp003248505
s__JAABPW01 sp945890715
s__Pseudomonas_E triticicola
s__Kocuria tytonis
s__CAG-1000 sp947630945
s__Parasynechococcus sp014280075
s__UBA6911 sp002451015
s__UBA2645 sp947505885
s__Pedobacter sp014947265
s__JASLDG01 sp030151825
s__F23-D06 sp017549765
s__Nocardioides sp016827675
s__Pelagibius marinus
s__BOKZ01 sp016861245
s__Roseibium aggregatum
s__F1-20-MAGs016 sp009924545
s__Stigmatella erecta
s__MED-G13 sp902525795
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021843805
s__Malacoplasma_A sp016288695
s__Bacteroides sp021203515
s__Arthrobacter sp030209755
s__Silvibacterium sp025934135
s__Westeberhardia cardiocondylae_B
s__Bifidobacterium thermophilum_A
s__CAINCQ01 sp022710775
s__Rhodoferax_C sp030645355
s__Mycobacterium sp000426065
s__Bulleidia sp902786245
s__Paraburkholderia humisilvae
s__GCA-2732755 sp030432905
s__Marinococcus halotolerans
s__CG2-30-54-10 sp001872985
s__Hespellia sp028693555
s__UBA647 sp029938635
s__Pelagibacter sp902517455
s__BM714 sp002869095
s__UBA3077 sp024279075
s__Hydrogenimonas sp029932565
s__Mediannikoviicoccus vaginalis
s__Inordinaticella sp018394295
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281255
s__JADFWT01 sp015233785
s__Ilumatobacter fluminis
s__RUG762 sp902762615
s__UBA2918 sp017442855
s__BS750m-G14 sp016783745
s__Fen-1231 sp025362095
s__UBA919 sp026396835
s__UBA6659 sp019694835
s__Helicobacter_F sp934728205
s__DYRX01 sp020718525
s__Stutzerimonas sp003325755
s__DSVZ01 sp021823625
s__Collinsella sp902496945
s__Lightella neohaematopini_C
s__Alloscillospira sp017519975
s__Humimicrobium sp028695395
s__JAIRPU01 sp031256815
s__Anditalea andensis
s__Angelobacter sp025934025
s__Ruminococcus_E sp944415425
s__Peptococcus sp023443145
s__Novosphingobium sp013149295
s__Sulfurovum sp030622375
s__UBA8653 sp002705085
s__JADJWL01 sp016716385
s__DP16D-bin41 sp903912445
s__Arcicella sp013298805
s__JASLCK01 sp030151865
s__Streptomyces aurantiacus_A
s__Novosphingobium sp900176395
s__AAA044-D11 sp947480375
s__UBA4781 sp002403105
s__VSOB01 sp947626715
s__WRME01 sp009778115
s__Prevotella sp902765585
s__Monoglobus sp947624305
s__UBA6544 sp002434595
s__Arthrobacter_D sp004001285
s__CAIXRL01 sp016710095
s__UBA2645 sp947496905
s__UBA1140 sp013153825
s__Gilliamella mensalis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009866765
s__Thiohalocapsa sp019695415
s__CABZZR01 sp902530215
s__Udaeobacter sp003217835
s__RI-212 sp016125285
s__CAIUEV01 sp937952315
s__Chromatium sp903866365
s__Roseibacterium elongatum
s__Thiobacillus sp023475455
s__C7867-001 sp022844065
s__Bin55 sp009841635
s__UBA2658 sp031264545
s__RUG14156 sp902796305
s__Methylobrevis_A albus
s__Chlorobaculum sp004118635
s__Collinsella sp019419645
s__Marinobacter sp003318275
s__JACDBZ01 sp030859955
s__RUG11420 sp017450545
s__CAG-590 sp946185495
s__Marinifilum caeruleilacunae
s__Tolypothrix_B hyalinum
s__WOFB19 sp011620375
s__Elarobacter sp028287525
s__Rhizorhabdus sp001015195
s__Ferruginibacter sp015655125
s__RGIG8773 sp023663025
s__JAJDBE01 sp029261515
s__Lysobacter sp005503055
s__Dongia sp016794165
s__DTU036 sp945950065
s__CAINVO01 sp028714275
s__HDS-28 sp018679315
s__Aphodocola sp947628435
s__Palsa-1032 sp030858685
s__Bacillus_BS suaedaesalsae
s__Tepidibacillus fermentans
s__TMED54 sp902615025
s__SZUA-147 sp021774445
s__JAJFHR01 sp021775475
s__JACPCK01 sp016179845
s__MT45 sp900230215
s__Roseateles sp900109745
s__JAFGEQ01 sp016931515
s__UBA9464 sp019634635
s__Pelagibacter sp902516625
s__JAUIMG01 sp030433355
s__Teretinema sp012838745
s__Flavobacterium sp002304005
s__Quinella sp017484235
s__COE1 sp021202335
s__JAJCZF01 sp029262535
s__Streptomyces bathyalis
s__Sodaliphilus sp934675575
s__UBA2658 sp029777215
s__UBA3207 sp902797855
s__SKKK01 sp007129635
s__CALINM01 sp026418415
s__Silvanigrella sp947475135
s__GCA-2716065 sp029243225
s__Streptococcus devriesei
s__Antarcticirhabdus sp947474855
s__CAG-492 sp002633185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902788175
s__JABEUX01 sp021781095
s__Oceanobacillus halophilus
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029846235
s__Microcella sp027490915
s__Limimorpha sp902794155
s__UBA1711 sp902777005
s__UBA2475 sp016715905
s__QIAB01 sp003225455
s__Martelella mediterranea_A
s__JADFFQ01 sp022566535
s__Prevotella sp938018155
s__JAGQMZ01 sp020428405
s__Collinsella sp900541125
s__JAJYJO01 sp021789435
s__Aphodocola sp934141615
s__M55B175 sp018334555
s__UBA6669 sp016794625
s__Streptomyces sp026343345
s__DAT-1 sp019084025
s__Ureibacillus terrenus
s__HGM12713 sp017536635
s__Aquimarina sp947495425
s__JAAXVQ01 sp013335425
s__JAEUHH01 sp016795505
s__Faecousia sp934569045
s__M55B135 sp018400135
s__Leifsonia poae_A
s__Metallibacterium sp913053815
s__CAG-177 sp017630695
s__Eubacterium sp015547515
s__Cellulomonas hominis_A
s__GCA-2687025 sp002687025
s__Limnobacter sp002428895
s__Pseudanabaena sp002251945
s__1-14-0-10-49-17 sp002778575
s__MED727 sp902616675
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp019423745
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902536545
s__UBA1259 sp017558105
s__JAAFGM01 sp937959265
s__CAIXFB01 sp030728405
s__Alteraurantiacibacter zhengii
s__Sphingopyxis witflariensis
s__Pikeienuella piscinae
s__Sediminibacterium sp946481145
s__JAADHI01 sp027020665
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp002453315
s__Agromyces bracchium
s__Actinoplanes auranticolor
s__GCA-2717385 sp002717385
s__Neisseria subflava_D
s__Herbiconiux daphne
s__JACPES01 sp016219325
s__Pelolinea sp030655835
s__JAUMXS01 sp030528965
s__RUG11257 sp021443625
s__JAAFIP01 sp018413605
s__Cellvibrio sp946886255
s__Specibacter beigongshangi
s__JAJRTS01 sp024278175
s__RGIG1927 sp017472685
s__Clostridium sp000498355
s__Streptomyces sp002920615
s__GCA-2748055 sp029938715
s__Wujia sp017625815
s__Syntrophocurvum alkaliphilum
s__Sulfurimonas sp016744115
s__UBA9973 sp001786805
s__Sulfuritalea sp022843505
s__JAHOYW01 sp019038735
s__SH412 sp030622045
s__Sphingomonas sp017304125
s__GCA-002707645 sp002705605
s__B16T1B5 sp029262195
s__J054 sp028285245
s__JANQQR01 sp028289195
s__PeH17 sp017538255
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp002733805
s__JAUYHE01 sp030690175
s__Allosphingosinicella sp028293025
s__UBA10183 sp018819285
s__Leadbettera sp031281855
s__Winogradskyella sp003712105
s__AG-426-M11 sp913045625
s__JASCXY01 sp030012235
s__UBA1740 sp017504605
s__Eubacterium_G sp030844625
s__CAJXGP01 sp913053915
s__CALREJ01 sp023245865
s__WQVC01 sp009783395
s__Aquabacterium sp003963115
s__UBA1941 sp025963485
s__Mycobacterium anyangense
s__Vitreimonas sp022843225
s__SUG1161 sp029006015
s__Bacterioplanes sanyensis_A
s__Microbulbifer sp013367775
s__UBA2645_A sp945872855
s__34-65-8 sp023384025
s__JACQRN01 sp016206515
s__SXXK01 sp020426105
s__CANQVB01 sp947594595
s__VGLT01 sp009691315
s__SZAS-5 sp018268315
s__SKW154 sp026418755
s__JANQFM01 sp028277865
s__CAIYYX01 sp903930535
s__RUG11257 sp017616475
s__JAGVBM01 sp020059765
s__WHTP01 sp019745775
s__Pseudomonas_E sp022790535
s__Tharpella sp030595135
s__40CM-68-15 sp001917585
s__UBA1758 sp002315595
s__JAIRQC01 sp025999315
s__Prevotella sp944320255
s__Palsa-1392 sp013815325
s__Glaciihabitans sp018449675
s__JANWXD01 sp025055455
s__Gp13-AA74 sp003225365
s__SZUA-117 sp913031125
s__UBA11096 sp003696155
s__JANWKX01 sp025451145
s__Streptomyces huiliensis
s__Arthrobacter sp024758005
s__CAJFPI01 sp944386965
s__JAOHMI01 sp028101965
s__Allosphingosinicella sp031157375
s__JAMCTH01 sp023379025
s__UBA4334 sp017617805
s__34-65-8 sp002278985
s__UMGS1002 sp017462385
s__Methylotenera sp023259635
s__Lacunisphaera sp030916665
s__Paracoccus binzhouensis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017511205
s__R2A130 sp938030645
s__Pelobium glucosidilyticum_B
s__UBA1712 sp017619635
s__RGIG1711 sp024685655
s__SG8-41 sp001771935
s__Vallitalea sp025210235
s__Gallionella sp027448945
s__JAAXUA01 sp013336275
s__DTU089 sp017380615
s__Parageobacillus thermantarcticus
s__Prevotella sp022024015
s__Dyella sp003121485
s__Pseudomonas_F boanensis
s__Palsa-744 sp025449845
s__Rhodovulum steppense
s__UBA1764 sp016287035
s__GCA-2684655 sp020638735
s__JASJYE01 sp030123645
s__Solicola gregarius
s__Rhodoferax_C lacus
s__JAFGEC01 sp016931775
s__Chitinophaga silvisoli
s__UBA3207 sp946630435
s__WJLY01 sp014728245
s__Vallitalea sp025210515
s__Hydrogenophaga sp003241965
s__Proteiniphilum sp002305715
s__JAHHGU01 sp019359765
s__UBA11957 sp945788595
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934702165
s__Natronosporangium sp007130245
s__HyVt-477 sp027030285
s__JAISVG01 sp031271635
s__CAG-590 sp029012085
s__UBA3254 sp002362735
s__JAUICM01 sp030427885
s__UBA8438 sp029940535
s__Novosphingobium sp025356275
s__STF1-138 sp029555085
s__Ferruginibacter sp018882645
s__UBA10002 sp943354745
s__SZUA-368 sp028533045
s__Jutongia sp934338765
s__SIG589 sp937912045
s__Treponema_D sp902797055
s__Terrisporobacter sp945871955
s__Palsa-872 sp003151665
s__BM524 sp013151215
s__CAJWGI01 sp022450585
s__Caccovivens sp944360075
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp026993275
s__Butyrivibrio sp017443695
s__SLNH01 sp007133195
s__RUG14670 sp934162665
s__Bulleidia sp017510405
s__UBA1227 sp024403955
s__Prevotella sp024690505
s__Flammeovirga pectinis
s__CAIVQB01 sp947454295
s__Mesonia sp031085155
s__Rhodoferax_C sp030697375
s__DAOVEW01 sp030668755
s__Porcincola sp902785635
s__Mycoplasmoides tullyi
s__JALHSV01 sp937138415
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp949744075
s__JASJBE01 sp030065915
s__Faeciplasma sp937942105
s__RGIG9041 sp947627315
s__Rs1 sp013215375
s__PLA5 sp003576845
s__JACOWN01 sp016176785
s__Paenibacillus panacisoli
s__Phaeospirillum sp902729425
s__Cellulophaga sp947491225
s__Streptomyces sp946480485
s__SZAS-17 sp003151315
s__JANTGN01 sp024762895
s__Flavitalea sp023386855
s__SZUA-51 sp003232965
s__Spirillospora graeca
s__JAUVXN01 sp030615035
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017432305
s__JAADHX01 sp020631315
s__CANJBX01 sp947472885
s__Thermosulfurimonas_A sp019688735
s__JACPGE01 sp016182605
s__GCA-013693735 sp013693735
s__Streptococcus suis_O
s__UBA3291 sp946408385
s__JAJRRS01 sp029260635
s__Thioalkalivibrio_A sulfidiphilus_A
s__SURF-52 sp003599195
s__MB11C04 sp902615835
s__Roseovarius sp002366775
s__Calothrix_A sp030065255
s__Thiobacillus sp020216925
s__EC70 sp028033615
s__Gilvimarinus sp030518215
s__Helicobacter_A sp949287835
s__Pelolinea sp937902055
s__Actinoplanes ferrugineus
s__RGVT01 sp010027105
s__Hydrococcus sp025454425
s__HGM11412 sp017536205
s__JANTGJ01 sp019038745
s__Dyadobacter endophyticus
s__RF16 sp017962005
s__JAJAYG01 sp026786335
s__RGIG3009 sp017504645
s__RBG-16-54-11 sp001797905
s__Idiomarina xiamenensis
s__AG-422-B15 sp902526565
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013286235
s__Calidifontibacillus erzurumensis
s__Quinella sp905236325
s__Terrimonas_A sp004173355
s__Parasphingopyxis marina
s__Ramlibacter sp016191525
s__DUEL01 sp011192125
s__JACQVM01 sp016209785
s__VGCX01 sp016869935
s__Caballeronia sp028292365
s__Ancylobacter sp023414975
s__JANXTF01 sp025350425
s__JACMKK01 sp014380115
s__Onthomonas sp021202515
s__SHVV01 sp016869275
s__Agrilactobacillus sp022484695
s__Salinibacillus sp010092505
s__JAHIFH01 sp018900995
s__Pelagibacter sp902623305
s__CALVJV01 sp944332395
s__Collinsella sp934630385
s__UBA6821 sp026461395
s__JABCYV01 sp013290025
s__Phenylobacterium deserti
s__UBA4068 sp002419055
s__SZUA-115 sp003231035
s__SCUD01 sp004297335
s__Methylomonas sp903858105
s__JAGNXB01 sp016710115
s__Blastococcus sp025963345
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028710885
s__Ferruginibacter sp016710595
s__Advenella kashmirensis_A
s__C7867-002 sp943355185
s__Oenococcus sp934229385
s__SIG77 sp937900075
s__JAIFLJ01 sp020049135
s__UBA3076 sp030605675
s__Empedobacter tilapiae
s__Onthovivens sp944369075
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp027071965
s__Anaerococcus sp946221015
s__Pristimantibacillus sp030929555
s__40CM-4-68-19 sp005879315
s__Metamycoplasma phocoenae
s__CF-82 sp030774475
s__JAHEKO01 sp947259925
s__Yeosuana sp021739635
s__Pelagibacter sp902541825
s__Shewanella psychrotolerans
s__Sulfuricystis sp903950295
s__DTER01 sp938084765
s__JAGXOG01 sp027858455
s__BPGX01 sp026414605
s__CABYIR01 sp902518955
s__UBA965 sp947474225
s__CALDUO01 sp937923745
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947385505
s__GCA-002718515 sp913046275
s__Erythrobacter sp937950385
s__WGBX01 sp027031025
s__RUG705 sp902788975
s__DTU064 sp947630625
s__SZUA-182 sp003230635
s__WQXZ01 sp031286245
s__Sodaliphilus sp017449785
s__RGIG5057 sp023460515
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp013348745
s__Aristaeella sp937906775
s__JAAZDD01 sp012520135
s__Streptomyces sp029392895
s__Cardinium sp019744995
s__Arctic95D-9 sp022361255
s__Romboutsia_B maritimum
s__Alcanivorax sediminis
s__Sphingobium sp017745115
s__Planctopirus ephydatiae
s__Scybalousia sp947623825
s__JCM-19050 sp001310455
s__Luteolibacter sp025362955
s__CAKKSB01 sp023266095
s__JABMOB01 sp013204345
s__GCA-002840015 sp002840015
s__CAITNM01 sp947478955
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902591565
s__Enterovirga sp023423995
s__2-02-FULL-52-23 sp001820655
s__Prosthecobacter sp947523045
s__Paludibacter sp010365115
s__UBA6176 sp025360495
s__Pseudomonas_E koreensis_H
s__Nocardiopsis sp001942255
s__LL51 sp031284265
s__Faecisoma sp944359055
s__JARGFW01 sp029211085
s__Cupidesulfovibrio oxamicus
s__Microvirga zambiensis
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003208695
s__28-YEA-48 sp028290405
s__Mucilaginibacter sp009765905
s__Chromatium violascens
s__Venatoribacter sp030145845
s__JACZVU01 sp019313605
s__Microbacterium sp030209475
s__JAUVXN01 sp030603605
s__BPIQ01 sp026004195
s__Caldicellulosiruptor hydrothermalis
s__Fuerstiella sp937919915
s__UBA1546 sp026387575
s__JAFGVO01 sp016937935
s__Opitutus terrae
s__Luteolibacter sp025354565
s__UBA3633 sp017523785
s__JAEYQN01 sp023409995
s__SXYR01 sp945872805
s__JADLGJ01 sp020632535
s__Ferruginibacter sp025359625
s__CACLCV01 sp902605525
s__Streptomyces sp018614135
s__Erythrobacter sp030271515
s__Variovorax sp003984625
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp002336915
s__Collinsella sp900547715
s__Palsa-1315 sp013388555
s__JAICLA01 sp025462725
s__JABMRV01 sp013202285
s__JABFXX01 sp018262455
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018065265
s__GCA-2691085 sp002691085
s__Psychrobacter sp002313155
s__Staphylococcus debuckii
s__JALOBY01 sp023228045
s__Sulfurimonas sp026988315
s__JAJQAP01 sp021203815
s__MGBC105563 sp947426865
s__DAOVVL01 sp030638205
s__RGIG1896 sp947037125
s__Chryseobacterium defluvii_A
s__Leucobacter_A chinensis
s__Polaribacter sp015767435
s__JAISZC01 sp031269485
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sediminis
s__Collinsella sp902478945
s__JAHDFB01 sp937969485
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030696055
s__Trichloromonas sp002423365
s__Shouchella patagoniensis
s__COE1 sp029067205
s__Hoeflea_A sp027889715
s__UBA952 sp030830785
s__Rhizobium sp002531725
s__Nanosynbacter sp027312165
s__WRFZ01 sp031282925
s__Algoriphagus boseongensis
s__JACQWC01 sp016209635
s__Fusobacterium_B sp010367435
s__JAISSA01 sp031289165
s__Haliscomenobacter sp027488855
s__JAFAHT01 sp019237095
s__UBA3282 sp022510585
s__JAHECK01 sp024641785
s__JAHZKN01 sp022600335
s__T3Sed10-241 sp007125175
s__MGBC114079 sp948441255
s__JACADY01 sp013389115
s__UBA636 sp937919165
s__UBA11222 sp023252275
s__XYD1-37-29 sp018819405
s__DUNV01 sp012728375
s__PLanc-01 sp026386805
s__Pelagibacter sp902554195
s__CG2-30-46-19 sp030665785
s__JADFSZ01 sp022560555
s__Fructilactobacillus carniphilus
s__UBA3439 sp028382965
s__Snowella sp003249095
s__JALYZK01 sp030945705
s__Marmoricola aequoreus
s__Sulfurimonas sp937900945
s__Aadella gelida
s__JAFGHG01 sp016939345
s__JAJRXG01 sp024276375
s__Kineothrix sp023442465
s__Novosphingobium kunmingense
s__Akkermansia sp017555205
s__CAG-1252 sp024685775
s__UBA3012 sp010031635
s__Neorhizobium sp028283725
s__Arthrobacter sp018613795
s__JAFGMB01 sp016927765
s__Maridesulfovibrio bastinii
s__UBA1723 sp946405045
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902787145
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp029767005
s__JAHBXE01 sp019636625
s__Streptococcus mitis_CT
s__JAAZJD01 sp012841525
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902572915
s__PALSA-612 sp003134505
s__Propionivibrio sp031274075
s__D2472 sp902512655
s__JAHIEB01 sp018894075
s__Micavibrio sp002423285
s__Treponema_D sp016296575
s__QYQG01 sp945890495
s__REEB422 sp018970825
s__CF-161 sp005880175
s__Williamsia_A sp001424365
s__Caccovivens sp947629145
s__UBA3478 sp023264015
s__Insulibacter thermoxylanivorax
s__JANTFN01 sp024763435
s__UBA11524 sp017465155
s__Onthomonas sp021205725
s__Psychroflexus sp003931895
s__JABMRW01 sp030603275
s__UBA737 sp017507805
s__MS024-2A sp902613595
s__CAZU01 sp947588275
s__Cocleimonas sp937929875
s__Thermoflexus sp030550075
s__Lacrimispora sp029256305
s__Granulosicoccus sp002746645
s__Gordonia sp023461275
s__Leifsonia poae
s__JADFAK01 sp015665315
s__Nocardioides daedukensis
s__Pantoea soli
s__Pelagibacter sp902531885
s__Propionicimonas sp031272685
s__Coleofasciculus sp937127375
s__Helicobacter cetorum
s__JACQPQ01 sp016207405
s__UBA2093 sp903904615
s__Enterococcus_D testudinis
s__RUG13583 sp902790595
s__UBA2962 sp003228095
s__Neptunochlamydia sp028281675
s__Phenylobacterium sp028291285
s__QQUE01 sp024275575
s__CANQAG01 sp947627505
s__JABDCL01 sp013288135
s__Psychrobacter nivimaris_B
s__GH22 sp027859175
s__PCC-6406 sp027619675
s__Anaerobacillus isosaccharinicus
s__CANRHG01 sp947630385
s__UBA1994 sp938015435
s__Lachnoclostridium sp003526525
s__CAIWTU01 sp903915655
s__JADFSS01 sp022560655
s__Collinsella sp937937835
s__JACPKK01 sp016187105
s__Phocaeicola sp944322395
s__Azovibrio sp031290535
s__Turicibacter sp003486705
s__Marichromatium sp016938795
s__STF2-152 sp029004655
s__JABZFP01 sp030066455
s__Demetria terragena
s__Sphaerochaeta sp937902565
s__Mobiluncus sp947254095
s__CACEUX01 sp902562835
s__ZC4RG25 sp023392135
s__JALEGL01 sp022763185
s__Methylocella palsarum
s__SCQM01 sp004298555
s__UBA2475 sp025455485
s__JAGNIJ01 sp018001225
s__UBA1259 sp015055725
s__CAG-269 sp944386785
s__RBG-16-64-13 sp021815245
s__Propionicimonas paludicola
s__RGIG1681 sp944382715
s__Alg239-R122 sp947493325
s__Stercorousia sp949284415
s__VFJS01 sp009885955
s__Gallionella bremense
s__Thermophilibacter sp944322145
s__CAJWUJ01 sp913047625
s__Pelagibacter sp902578775
s__JANQTJ01 sp030731745
s__Cognaticolwellia sp003971255
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016288775
s__Microbacterium sp003850245
s__Tannerella sp031282485
s__Nitrospira_A sp919902505
s__Dyadobacter sp907164905
s__Microbulbifer marinus
s__CALGFH01 sp030146615
s__UBA1740 sp017936125
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280575
s__Kangiella sp003370465
s__SKQW01 sp007118805
s__OCS116 sp002401855
s__Allosphingosinicella sp004151485
s__JAITOY01 sp031289775
s__Mediterraneibacter sp959022495
s__Cellulomonas_A sp023389545
s__Coproplasma sp029063275
s__CALZGZ01 sp947259395
s__JAJTYI01 sp020429395
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282275
s__Croceitalea dokdonensis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017652715
s__JADFPW01 sp022562105
s__JAIRKW01 sp031290675
s__JACDCA01 sp013694635
s__UBA7396 sp028719245
s__CANRES01 sp947568605
s__UBA10103 sp903858755
s__Coprenecus pullistercoris
s__PALSA-1004 sp021414185
s__Pelagibacter sp902531765
s__Caldanaerobius polysaccharolyticus
s__AG-422-B15 sp902604225
s__JAUSCU01 sp030651065
s__Cellulosimicrobium sp029256625
s__Nocardia panacis
s__Agrobacterium larrymoorei_A
s__DAOWHZ01 sp030641105
s__Luteitalea pratensis
s__Methyloversatilis sp001713355
s__UBA1177 sp002310035
s__MGJZ01 sp001794525
s__UBA2270 sp019163335
s__Lentisphaera marina
s__Tumulicola scandinaviensis
s__BP-133 sp025934385
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028222435
s__ECT2AJA-110-A sp029259995
s__Caccovicinus sp030536455
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_J
s__RGIG4310 sp947167715
s__Nitrincola sp000764495
s__UBA2821 sp902786515
s__Pseudocitrobacter sp913778145
s__Flavobacterium cyclinae
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp025352325
s__Pseudoduganella sp002454505
s__Cocleimonas mucor_C
s__JANXUF01 sp025356335
s__Butyrivibrio sp946536145
s__JAUVZX01 sp030602345
s__Daejeonella sp008015505
s__B1Sed10-187 sp003552605
s__Micromonospora lupini_B
s__UBA1672 sp030424975
s__Flavivirga jejuensis
s__RUG14156 sp902796515
s__CAG-302 sp945948625
s__JACRJV01 sp016215325
s__Oceanisphaera avium
s__UBA1259 sp023403375
s__Desulfamplus sp015231465
s__SZUA-41 sp003233075
s__JACRAV01 sp016213305
s__Bog-1198 sp025359565
s__JANXPB01 sp025361125
s__UBA1738 sp017621875
s__ER46 sp005799525
s__Pectinatus sottacetonis
s__GCA-2737125 sp009694585
s__Ventricola sp934675735
s__Corallococcus sp004173515
s__CAG-115 sp017440445
s__Casimicrobium sp013298695
s__Sediminibacterium sp947487525
s__JAILEN01 sp946613735
s__Niabella sp023957575
s__Micromonospora globbae
s__Mucilaginibacter glaciei
s__JAIOTM01 sp021106755
s__JARXKL01 sp030272735
s__UBA9973 sp001785515
s__RUG521 sp017431405
s__GCA-2690565 sp011522825
s__Casp-actino8 sp005787025
s__JACMLX01 sp014379355
s__CALRGO01 sp023244855
s__Leptofilum sp002699125
s__Bact-11 sp017450165
s__JAKBAF01 sp021809305
s__JAUWIX01 sp030608005
s__Aquabacterium sp014378415
s__Pontiella sulfatireligans
s__Geothrix sp013334395
s__PHOS-HE28 sp002482775
s__Microbacterium sp022538185
s__Bin87 sp009840165
s__JAFGDT01 sp016931965
s__SLJN01 sp007135115
s__Acidovorax delafieldii_B
s__SYFY01 sp016874135
s__Georgenia soli
s__RUG11690 sp024400755
s__Devosia sp028290685
s__UBA2868 sp017524595
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902617025
s__UBA10324 sp945903305
s__Brevundimonas sp001295975
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007127395
s__RUG563 sp017443295
s__JALJPB01 sp022969175
s__Pelagibacter sp902593405
s__JAUYKG01 sp030700105
s__Chitinophaga varians
s__Novispirillum itersonii_A
s__Oceanicaulis sp020832735
s__JAACEU01 sp030598325
s__UBA9320 sp028339355
s__UBA10002 sp007375655
s__JAHFGW01 sp023247235
s__JAAYMU01 sp012523535
s__Clostridium_N sp905215405
s__HOT-345 sp946611795
s__Qipengyuania gaetbuli_B
s__UBA2588 sp002339805
s__MED-G09 sp002683015
s__MT110 sp023415235
s__QFNR01 sp017114885
s__Palsa-465 sp017882465
s__Pirellula_B sp025459275
s__Pseudomonas_E carbonaria
s__Alteromonas sp009811415
s__UBA9845 sp946610635
s__Leptospira weilii_A
s__Caulobacter sp017744445
s__JAIRLU01 sp031278935
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_AA
s__JABJPE01 sp018664045
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003284445
s__Rubrobacter_D tropicus
s__Methylacidimicrobium sp000379365
s__SIBK01 sp009695205
s__JACOZA01 sp016181565
s__Costertonia aggregata
s__Bog-1183 sp027452205
s__QZFT01 sp003600225
s__Nitrospira_D sp002451055
s__Microseira sp003486675
s__Prevotella sp017554145
s__Erwinia sp009765445
s__Fen-1038 sp003158885
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017516075
s__RGIG7384 sp934408795
s__Anaerobacillus sp007118195
s__JAJYLM01 sp021800575
s__CAKZVL01 sp937922155
s__SKGK01 sp007117465
s__JAJTGZ01 sp021299385
s__Halobacteriovorax_A sp000443995
s__Ruegeria haliotis
s__RAAP-2 sp029850535
s__Rhodoferax_C sp027483085
s__Planococcus sp018613575
s__BACL14 sp028342535
s__Camelimonas reniformis
s__Pengzhenrongella sp947494015
s__Spirosoma linguale
s__RGIG2094 sp017409875
s__JAJFTJ01 sp021373015
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024693285
s__Mesorhizobium_H xinjiangense
s__Anaerotignum sp937919015
s__UBA5884 sp934444765
s__SIG371 sp017523755
s__JAISEG01 sp031264245
s__Labilithrix sp028287065
s__Kocuria coralli
s__Didemnitutus sp023432225
s__OMII01 sp023262305
s__Campylobacter_A sp937890585
s__Eubacterium_R sp905234495
s__UMGS2070 sp024692805
s__DRMV01 sp027053355
s__UBA1783 sp029974225
s__Serratia_A sp000496755
s__BJ22 sp014584305
s__RPRI01 sp030689795
s__UMGS1668 sp017399765
s__Mailhella sp949297645
s__Collinsella sp958419975
s__JAHBVK01 sp019637615
s__JANQFU01 sp028277665
s__S010-51 sp937924345
s__Rhodoferax sp903930255
s__Rhodanobacter sp029224025
s__G023898705 sp023898705
s__DRWP01 sp030550095
s__Vampirovibrio sp027448865
s__WJLJ01 sp014728525
s__Nocardioides sp947488025
s__UBA9320 sp024645005
s__Avilachnospira sp946537585
s__GRL18 sp030632745
s__UBA1174 sp947164805
s__DAOWIC01 sp030641085
s__JAJTHR01 sp021298935
s__62-47 sp017305535
s__UBA4417 sp022711175
s__RFTO01 sp009918865
s__Streptomyces sp003032475
s__Anaerobutyricum sp902782815
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401745
s__CAIMNF01 sp027488515
s__JAIRKX01 sp031278545
s__JALRKI01 sp030835825
s__OLB9 sp022842725
s__AG-337-I02 sp902553005
s__Flexilinea sp026645735
s__UBA11710 sp003510435
s__UBA737 sp015065725
s__Collinsella sp902494565
s__JAHFDU01 sp023248835
s__Demequina sp023411615
s__Microbacterium sp003075395
s__RF16 sp017447875
s__JAGVJK01 sp020051155
s__JAIRKI01 sp031274465
s__Neisseria lactamica_A
s__Paracoccus endophyticus
s__RUG13038 sp017627015
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BZ
s__JAKQEM01 sp029558515
s__CACNRH01 sp902563575
s__V9D3004 sp947594855
s__Villigracilis sp016191985
s__Streptococcus mitis_H
s__OLB5 sp030835085
s__JAHFUJ01 sp003222555
s__RBG-13-43-14 sp001771735
s__Halopseudomonas nanhaiensis
s__Frigoriflavimonas asaccharolytica
s__UBA1364 sp002422165
s__Collinsella sp905214905
s__Avidehalobacter sp017398165
s__Mesonia sp008017835
s__Cellulophaga sp030731855
s__Mesorhizobium intechi
s__Anaeromyxobacter_B paludicola
s__JALULG01 sp027040785
s__Rubritalea sp937923145
s__JAQYVZ01 sp030145205
s__JAQUVW01 sp028693235
s__JAJFMA01 sp030679955
s__JANLGW01 sp002401565
s__CAG-115 sp947625455
s__Aldehydirespirator sp022828135
s__1XD8-76 sp014804795
s__Hugenholtzia roseola
s__JAHCAW01 sp019634695
s__Quadrisphaera sp022701985
s__JANQRI01 sp028284675
s__JABMNZ01 sp016844925
s__Falsiroseomonas ponticola
s__JAADHQ01 sp947258655
s__R2A130 sp937930635
s__Caulobacter sp030683005
s__GCA-2697345 sp027623875
s__Lancefieldella sp015258885
s__Solincola_B sp013178005
s__Anthocerotibacter panamensis
s__Allosphingosinicella ginsenosidimutans
s__Pseudoruegeria sp025376885
s__NORP267 sp016764455
s__Lutibacter sp016649745
s__CAKZYD01 sp937884085
s__RGIG2000 sp017452475
s__Rothia sp030064065
s__Rhodoglobus sp025463605
s__Botrimarina sp024278035
s__Bovifimicola sp017416465
s__Microbacterium sp003248655
s__SAR86A sp902559345
s__MGBC107952 sp944332435
s__Spirillospora macra
s__1-14-0-10-45-34 sp002778785
s__Paraburkholderia sp001634365
s__Terrabacter sp014518425
s__Nitratireductor_A basaltis
s__Streptomyces specialis
s__CAKZUP01 sp938045275
s__JABFXC01 sp025936015
s__Thiogranum sp011371465
s__CACFNH01 sp902567685
s__JACMJP01 sp014380545
s__WRFF01 sp031272365
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017627255
s__Bullifex sp017478205
s__Siminovitchia norwichensis
s__Lactiplantibacillus nangangensis
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947587605
s__Sphingopyxis macrogoltabida_B
s__Paenibacillus_T curdlanolyticus
s__Actinotalea sp023460255
s__Clostridium_H ganghwense
s__SZUA-370 sp016938515
s__Corynebacterium sp943914465
s__Desulfobacula sp027858355
s__Rs1 sp937136055
s__Palauibacter denitrificans
s__Sessilibacter corallicola
s__Aneurinibacillus sp028471905
s__SURF-54 sp003599635
s__Saccharimonas sp002336735
s__Corynebacterium sp937999985
s__Pelagibacter sp902629215
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017651465
s__JAJDNE01 sp022340825
s__SCRL01 sp919902095
s__Pelagibacter sp902633885
s__UMGS263 sp024680655
s__TMED25 sp029245795
s__Damh-18 sp021734905
s__67-14 sp016649615
s__Flexifilum sp014879665
s__UMGS1696 sp017414585
s__Dysosmobacter sp944382995
s__Rhizomicrobium sp019247845
s__UBA8801 sp003505795
s__Lederbergia sp022867885
s__Thiobacillus sp019459705
s__Palsa-875 sp955652455
s__JACTMI01 sp011525905
s__Anaerobutyricum sp017459345
s__JADJQU01 sp947484275
s__PHAD01 sp002841595
s__JAAVFS01 sp947386115
s__Lichenicola sp937873205
s__RBG-16-42-10 sp001773455
s__JAJPKI01 sp028872915
s__Bact-08 sp028690215
s__Marinimicrobium_A alkaliphilum
s__Polynucleobacter sp947457875
s__Collinsella sp902489295
s__Pilimelia terevasa
s__CAZU01 sp949283275
s__Saccharofermentans sp016292155
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017626355
s__Prevotella sp017395215
s__Peribacillus frigoritolerans_B
s__DC-out156 sp021773565
s__Moraxella_A sp946222995
s__Saccharimonas sp937990725
s__HOT-345 sp946405785
s__Puia sp025449645
s__Hyphomonas sp027482995
s__JAJACP01 sp022601445
s__SYFN01 sp026399895
s__Ruminococcus sp946537565
s__UBA9145 sp029244985
s__RAS1 sp007859745
s__CALWTV01 sp944384555
s__Arthrobacter_D tumbae
s__Taenariivivens baikalensis
s__JACQKT01 sp016204355
s__Fluviicola sp031260455
s__JADZCI01 sp020851655
s__Hymenobacter sp030063445
s__SIG200 sp947628375
s__Vescimonas sp012719745
s__UBA6215 sp028715315
s__JAEWLZ01 sp028694275
s__Tenebrionibacter sp000302695
s__Aeromicrobium sp000471045
s__Chlamydophila sp937884635
s__Rhodanobacter sp017305055
s__UBA920 sp016699995
s__SKZB01 sp007127615
s__Legionella sp026191185
s__UBA940 sp017936385
s__JAUNBV01 sp030526885
s__B33-G16 sp030615105
s__Marinomonas sp938009755
s__JABDQW01 sp029287815
s__DUUI01 sp023388535
s__Prevotella sp016285245
s__Clostridium_AM sp030915445
s__BQMY01 sp022181065
s__Velocimicrobium sp002419585
s__Flavobacterium channae
s__Salinibius halmophilus
s__Aeromicrobium sp002174305
s__Psychroflexus sp007116535
s__Azonexus sp946479855
s__JAHHTP01 sp020024615
s__Tannerella sp031261145
s__Mobilitalea sp023436065
s__RF16 sp946414805
s__JALTMR01 sp027001525
s__Sphingobium lactosutens_A
s__Alkalispirochaeta americana
s__JAHDGB01 sp020627885
s__JAJFUU01 sp021372275
s__Limimorpha sp017530365
s__JAUVHV01 sp030593065
s__Polynucleobacter paludilacus
s__JAAFGM01 sp023511655
s__JACNJL01 sp014239365
s__Novipirellula sp007859835
s__Ch61 sp026417155
s__Bacillus_BK kwashiorkori
s__REEB76 sp028871235
s__Ruthenibacterium sp944388395
s__Streptomyces corynorhini
s__Pelagibacter sp902576785
s__UBA5578 sp002425325
s__JAEZAF01 sp023430545
s__Akkermansia sp947589295
s__Streptomyces echinoruber
s__Jeotgalibacillus proteolyticus
s__JAIRWR01 sp031273585
s__UBA8529 sp003531155
s__Mucilaginibacter gracilis
s__Paraburkholderia bannensis
s__B93T1B8 sp022560695
s__UMGS1865 sp017453335
s__MONJU sp003696905
s__C7867-001 sp024654305
s__Modicisalibacter muralis
s__Nanosynbacter sp938038145
s__UMGS1601 sp947628615
s__Azospira_A sp016183655
s__Pauljensenia suimastitidis
s__JAJCYX01 sp030831265
s__Pristimantibacillus gorillae
s__JAATFR01 sp015655095
s__JAUJMQ01 sp030446775
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp002840405
s__Polynucleobacter sp937996825
s__JAITLA01 sp031276515
s__Bartonella harrusi
s__UBA3207 sp018064745
s__GCA-2704625 sp902587085
s__NAK82 sp003130875
s__JAQULA01 sp028718845
s__GCA-002718395 sp002718395
s__UBA1433 sp012797825
s__Mucilaginibacter dorajii
s__Ereboglobus sp001650175
s__Sodaliphilus sp002314465
s__Flavobacterium sp018267095
s__VSJD01 sp016188985
s__DRLX01 sp026986885
s__JAQUMP01 sp028718065
s__BACL14 sp028244835
s__UBA5614 sp002435865
s__PALSA-1003 sp005888865
s__CAKOMG01 sp947627395
s__JACTMZ01 sp014584375
s__UMGS1601 sp947631265
s__JAKQLP01 sp029567095
s__UBA1425 sp902787275
s__Pseudonocardia sp026785945
s__UBA2475 sp013288385
s__JACPNS01 sp937128795
s__JALZUO01 sp023301565
s__JAJPKE01 sp021323855
s__JAGREO01 sp020446525
s__JAJCYX01 sp027624075
s__Robbsia betulipollinis
s__BACL27 sp009927565
s__UBA6080 sp002436025
s__2-02-FULL-66-14 sp001770475
s__UBA4372 sp946624335
s__Villigracilis sp016191955
s__SIG200 sp947627925
s__Collinsella sp902494555
s__UBA1179 sp024398785
s__Sulfurovum sp021159425
s__Capillibacterium sp012837705
s__JAHJRI01 sp018830885
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030531645
s__Nocardia fusca
s__Thioclava sp002563775
s__CAIPTY01 sp016720395
s__T1SED10-198M sp003554345
s__CAIOTO01 sp030694965
s__Pusillimonas_C sp013416405
s__UTPLA1 sp003576905
s__Scleromatobacter sp903845345
s__Prevotella sp017460515
s__WFYI01 sp015490155
s__UBA10103 sp001781685
s__JAIRLM01 sp031259325
s__UBA1259 sp016295005
s__CAIYMF01 sp026393115
s__GCA-2689995 sp002689995
s__Loigolactobacillus zhaoyuanensis
s__Lentihominibacter sp018065295
s__JANQSP01 sp028283955
s__G020350445 sp030614585
s__JALHSV01 sp022865525
s__Aequoribacter sp030427335
s__CALKXV01 sp028097405
s__Brevundimonas sp016742215
s__Noviherbaspirillum denitrificans
s__RGIG2000 sp017473085
s__Sporichthya polymorpha
s__UBA9715 sp947564425
s__JACPFV01 sp016182805
s__DSCZ01 sp011048855
s__Microbacterium luticocti
s__Agriterribacter humi
s__Glaciimonas sp014377145
s__Achromobacter agilis
s__Agathobaculum sp022775115
s__Villigracilis sp013112685
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp903845295
s__HGM05376 sp017646685
s__Sulfurimonas sp026390115
s__Streptococcus oralis_I
s__RUG14219 sp017942035
s__Phil12 sp017477025
s__Rheinheimera sp002840125
s__Thermophilibacter uli_A
s__Desulfobulbus sp009780825
s__Paenibacillus sp002257645
s__Versatilivorator sp022821775
s__CAIQIV01 sp903871905
s__UBA8337 sp029253645
s__Microbacterium marinilacus
s__OLB17 sp019639195
s__VMCJ01 sp937891825
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017561835
s__Zwartia sp002737415
s__RGIG1601 sp017525435
s__Collinsella sp934654585
s__Inhella sp027532025
s__Mycoplasmopsis phocirhinis
s__JAFGNV01 sp016926805
s__SZUA-100 sp026981655
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031261065
s__Epilithonimonas sp002383165
s__Rhodopila sp009693865
s__Perlucidibaca sp002943415
s__Brevundimonas sp018826885
s__Sphingomonas sp025960285
s__JABDAD01 sp013289335
s__Sphingobacterium micropteri
s__JACQVJ01 sp016209805
s__Allorhizobium sp900465755
s__Cellulomonas sp009777345
s__JAGNRR01 sp937981995
s__Staphylospora marina
s__Erythrobacter sp018205975
s__UBA6163 sp007694185
s__SZUA-36 sp021772935
s__MPNP01 sp022824005
s__Pelagibacter ubique_S
s__Telluria sp913777025
s__2-01-FULL-39-28 sp001794015
s__Devosia yakushimensis
s__DUNY01 sp028706065
s__Gilliamella sp946477995
s__RGIG2202 sp017407705
s__CAG-267 sp017557925
s__Mycoplasma_L sp949289925
s__Moraxella oblonga
s__JAFGHO01 sp016930085
s__Maribacter_C sp947494565
s__Leisingera sp013373325
s__Snodgrassella sp029433475
s__Albidovulum sp029881635
s__Gimesia sp029259875
s__Rubrivivax sp026785885
s__Rheinheimera sp030690345
s__Tabaqchalia intestinavium
s__JADGAW01 sp015231815
s__UBA2100 sp002401495
s__J028 sp003695865
s__Avoscillospira sp944386905
s__UBA4465 sp913050055
s__UBA2284 sp002345705
s__Desulfosporosinus sp927405585
s__B46-G9 sp019309145
s__Ramlibacter terrae
s__Nitrospira_D sp030444405
s__BS750m-G34 sp016783345
s__U87765 sp024181725
s__Pusillimonas_A sp002694155
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp903923535
s__HGM13006 sp902475435
s__UBA4372 sp947169115
s__Mycobacterium moriokaense_A
s__Bifidobacterium aesculapii
s__Enorma sp949298635
s__HGM04593 sp017381475
s__Nitrosomonas supralitoralis
s__UBA11705 sp003518055
s__WRLL01 sp009777625
s__JAITQT01 sp031288745
s__QIAJ01 sp020073565
s__JAFDVJ01 sp902826505
s__Streptomyces sp020400585
s__Arachnia sp030538315
s__JAISNI01 sp031276295
s__JAHJCW01 sp018812885
s__RGIG4076 sp017462405
s__Palleronia pontilimi
s__Bog-105 sp019240475
s__JALWOP01 sp027623615
s__UBA2834 sp947304395
s__Martelella limonii
s__M30B80 sp018401385
s__Nocardioides sp004522105
s__UBA5202 sp030655055
s__UBA11524 sp017502305
s__CAMYOD01 sp947259975
s__JACQVW01 sp016209535
s__Hartmannibacter diazotrophicus
s__Undibacterium sp947464955
s__GCA-2724215 sp022827835
s__Clostridium butyricum_B
s__RGIG9169 sp017484205
s__JAHJUH01 sp018829245
s__JACRMN01 sp016214955
s__CAG-196 sp902777605
s__Pelagibacter sp902634775
s__Psychrilyobacter sp030625925
s__JALSSV01 sp026984045
s__JAUYEF01 sp030691635
s__GBS-DC sp023511915
s__UBA6448 sp902493595
s__GCA-2704625 sp902573425
s__Arthrobacter globiformis_B
s__BOG-931 sp030039655
s__VFZK01 sp016871215
s__Lentihominibacter sp902795135
s__JAMWCF01 sp023818695
s__UBA1213 sp902801055
s__CAINXF01 sp903854795
s__Microbacterium sp030315975
s__RUG591 sp934153655
s__Alistipes sp017555805
s__Halothece salina
s__RDXE01 sp013297545
s__Enterocola sp017387515
s__Allobaculum sp030528085
s__Limiplasma sp015056245
s__Pontibacter beigongshangensis
s__Phycicoccus sp013201035
s__JALRHZ01 sp023259435
s__Arthrobacter_F mobilis
s__Pelagibacter sp902619745
s__Variovorax sp009765735
s__JAKAUF01 sp027315185
s__Phenylobacterium sp025350685
s__Cutibacterium sp028021195
s__GCA-002719095 sp002719095
s__JABMNT01 sp938074585
s__Acuticoccus mangrovi
s__DSXH01 sp018333725
s__JABMOP01 sp013204125
s__UBA4421 sp024743175
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp014217685
s__Halorhodospira sp003552345
s__Scatosoma sp017452585
s__CALCXL01 sp029261955
s__UBA4372 sp017461345
s__ASP10-02a sp030748435
s__JACIZP01 sp014359355
s__JACIWI01 sp024653305
s__WRBA01 sp009779915
s__Pseudoflavonifractor sp944387805
s__JABFXX01 sp030857245
s__Nitrospira_D sp005116895
s__Spirabiliibacterium falconis
s__Acerihabitans sp005217455
s__JAQUMH01 sp028718185
s__B1SED10-74M sp003558195
s__JAHJST01 sp018829905
s__JAOEGB01 sp025420585
s__JAABTD01 sp011390065
s__UBA1267 sp902783795
s__UBA1265 sp905236385
s__Limimorpha sp902801625
s__Aureisphaera galaxeae
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023391425
s__JARSSO01 sp937960715
s__JADLHS01 sp025350905
s__GCA-002862325 sp002862325
s__Fusibacter_C bizertensis
s__UBA9145 sp913058275
s__Sphingomonas sp001421535
s__CAITUY01 sp903895695
s__Rhizorhabdus phycosphaerae
s__JAADED01 sp027065935
s__Kordiimonas sp947503575
s__OLB10 sp019136655
s__SGZJ01 sp905182835
s__Symbiobacter mobilis
s__JABCPO02 sp013333105
s__GCA-002050365 sp902805935
s__CAG-269 sp934169575
s__Pelagibacter sp902624585
s__Raineyella fluvialis
s__RUG12999 sp902784805
s__Falsiruegeria sp900537075
s__CAJXOR01 sp913057715
s__RBG-16-49-21 sp017999915
s__UBA4951 sp017540455
s__CAIUPE01 sp947455025
s__Fulvivirga imtechensis
s__Halarcobacter sp013373175
s__Enemella sp012839035
s__JAEYLA01 sp023461495
s__B1SED10-74M sp003553305
s__Coprovivens sp017541445
s__Fibrobacter sp947165045
s__Thiomargarita sp026991885
s__Actibacterium_A lipolyticum
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031273215
s__CALKEQ01 sp938084905
s__CANGXM01 sp947457845
s__SHYF01 sp009692985
s__Treponema_D sp021442965
s__OLB17 sp019694355
s__JAGXRH01 sp016873775
s__JAAYAN01 sp012719345
s__JADFDR01 sp018262735
s__JAGOXX01 sp945957385
s__JABMPR01 sp013202895
s__CAJOJR01 sp947169285
s__UMGS1668 sp017435745
s__Alloprevotella sp017471505
s__JACORV01 sp030697825
s__DAIDBC01 sp027310265
s__JAACEL01 sp011682535
s__SKTG01 sp007122985
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003165855
s__CALFML01 sp937879845
s__AG-337-I02 sp902601455
s__AP-15 sp005884825
s__JAUIKB01 sp030430975
s__WJMT01 sp021162615
s__RUG658 sp937916125
s__JAUWZG01 sp030615425
s__UBA6164 sp002422305
s__Methylotenera mobilis
s__UBA1547 sp028286365
s__Neptuniibacter sp946221045
s__GCF-000787395 sp002021095
s__JAISUG01 sp031272185
s__E44-bin89 sp011174815
s__Firm-13 sp017881645
s__CAG-170 sp934630555
s__Demequina pelophila
s__JAADGC01 sp013152695
s__HO2-45-11b sp001817115
s__UBA4744 sp024641205
s__Granulicella_C sp903970285
s__VGNF01 sp016866195
s__Oenococcus sp031282325
s__UNRQ01 sp900498245
s__Angelakisella sp949298535
s__UASB124 sp023249895
s__RGIG8050 sp017619495
s__DUAL01 sp014381465
s__WGA-3G sp022821725
s__SIAQ01 sp016200155
s__Denitrolinea sp937120535
s__AE-B3B sp030616535
s__JAGGXV01 sp021162885
s__UBA3282 sp951801245
s__RUG099 sp902786355
s__BOG-932 sp003165335
s__CANRGD01 sp947624075
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp009935845
s__Phenylobacterium sp903842425
s__JALHTW01 sp030691735
s__MWDD01 sp028689875
s__JAAEQG01 sp030612785
s__Altimarinus sp028697205
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209585
s__JASEIO01 sp030017475
s__SCQP01 sp025451775
s__Onthocola_B sp944359015
s__Sulfurovum sp000010345
s__Anianabacter salinarum
s__Actinokineospora bangkokensis
s__JAJRWS01 sp024276705
s__RUG572 sp017430155
s__Bacillus_CF chungangensis
s__AG-409-A19 sp003216155
s__SpSt-1050 sp026416535
s__SMXL01 sp004356385
s__CAG-552 sp947598585
s__JACQGT01 sp016199425
s__Paucibacter_A sp028595305
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949295505
s__UBA4372 sp947307015
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905235445
s__UBA7867 sp944383315
s__Defluviilinea sp949319575
s__UBA3950 sp018056825
s__Cupidesulfovibrio liaohensis
s__PNNN01 sp016214905
s__Streptomyces coeruleorubidus_A
s__Adiutrix sp031261565
s__Pusillimonas_A minor
s__G020341755 sp020341755
s__JAEDHM01 sp016296985
s__Pontibacterium sp947501565
s__RUG14156 sp944324475
s__Mesorhizobium sp003242525
s__M3 sp023667145
s__Thalassobaculum_A fulvum
s__UBA5559 sp002425705
s__RAAP-2 sp003136415
s__Alteriqipengyuania sp000186705
s__RUG099 sp017405845
s__JACPYF01 sp030645815
s__Lepagella sp902494595
s__M55B111 sp018400715
s__Heteroscilispira sp934561725
s__Stieleria sp002289565
s__UBA1740 sp017508465
s__Faecalibacter macacae
s__CAG-390 sp017959485
s__CAG-590 sp030533405
s__Arthrobacter alkaliphilus
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017645955
s__TMED27 sp021776025
s__Arthrobacter_D agilis_E
s__Brevundimonas colombiensis
s__CAG-1000 sp902775285
s__JAHFLL01 sp023244895
s__CAG-115 sp947627205
s__Dehalogenimonas sp030490985
s__NK4A136 sp016281335
s__Faecalibacterium sp902463905
s__Maribacter sp002742265
s__JAENIV01 sp016844295
s__DUNY01 sp012839145
s__Lawsonibacter sp949286295
s__SHYC01 sp009693005
s__CANRPC01 sp947629415
s__Polaribacter tangerinus
s__DFXE01 sp031274415
s__M0103 sp009885545
s__Maribacter sp030547005
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp018917965
s__Bombilactobacillus apium
s__JAJYKC01 sp027452065
s__Rhizorhabdus sp001429065
s__CAILLO01 sp903835065
s__Methylocystis sp002929055
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp002732905
s__Bin95 sp022825195
s__Marinicella sp028284365
s__JAMDCX01 sp021799715
s__Xylanimonas oleitrophica
s__Phenylobacterium sp030693805
s__Desulfatitalea sp018224505
s__JACQZB01 sp016207925
s__QQVM01 sp004295015
s__Hamadaea flava
s__Spirosoma agri
s__JACEUU01 sp024998755
s__GWA2-66-18 sp028871595
s__SCGC-AAA003-L08 sp000405805
s__Oxalobacter sp023409175
s__Fictibacillus phosphorivorans_B
s__JADFZC01 sp015232735
s__CALMFG01 sp937863465
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sinuspersici_A
s__RGIG4608 sp947367285
s__UMGS1491 sp934726435
s__UBA1067 sp902772905
s__Schumannella sp027912415
s__JACPPV01 sp016190825
s__HRBIN16 sp002898895
s__JALGWB01 sp029933125
s__JAAEMD01 sp024225875
s__CALBHK01 sp937894565
s__Vreelandella sp023485185
s__JACDAS01 sp013695295
s__UBA10348 sp937877085
s__Spirochaeta_E cellobiosiphila
s__Rhizobacter sp014379885
s__Nanosynbacter sp002421965
s__Pseudoflavonifractor sp900079765
s__RGIG3701 sp017447865
s__RUG13038 sp017418945
s__Calderihabitans maritimus
s__Lacisediminimonas sp023392035
s__GCA-2747955 sp947311625
s__Ottowia sp030538085
s__JABIQA01 sp913058165
s__Methylobacterium sp010692745
s__JADHOX01 sp018659605
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902583265
s__2-01-FULL-45-10 sp026387165
s__4572-13 sp021157685
s__JAHITG01 sp018817865
s__Companilactobacillus furfuricola
s__Mobilitalea sp023421505
s__Gallimonas sp947627765
s__Gilvimarinus sp030518155
s__JAHJQQ01 sp016214925
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902781895
s__WRMH01 sp009787995
s__Phocaeicola sp944320855
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934726455
s__RUG12395 sp017450965
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp902825785
s__2-12-FULL-37-34 sp001801485
s__Eubacterium_G sp947631665
s__Leadbetterella sp021740125
s__CAG-269 sp029258515
s__UBA9926 sp028822125
s__Bartonella taylorii_A
s__Deferribacter autotrophicus
s__CAG-177 sp016295895
s__Aristaeella sp017469265
s__Nonlabens sp023301395
s__JAHHUA01 sp020024235
s__CAIJKW01 sp903864515
s__JALYLM01 sp030774235
s__Scatosoma sp017457215
s__AAA536-G10 sp902622875
s__ELB16-189 sp020436085
s__CAG-793 sp944388895
s__Bradyrhizobium iriomotense_B
s__UBA5905 sp017415515
s__Hominicoprocola sp947166955
s__JAUUZB01 sp030590185
s__Hominiventricola sp944376715
s__Sphingomonas_I crusticola
s__Collinsella sp902479065
s__JAJRQE01 sp027859095
s__LD21 sp025454795
s__Naasia sp025463675
s__Streptomyces sp026343185
s__JAUWCW01 sp030609125
s__Streptococcus suis_AG
s__Flavisolibacter nicotianae
s__Marinobacter sp947259545
s__Lysobacter sp019733395
s__MGOM01 sp001797105
s__Haliea sp913061145
s__Desulfomarina sp002352445
s__CAMYVX01 sp947302535
s__Alistipes sp002293345
s__Paenibacillus sp000758605
s__JASHON01 sp030041095
s__Mucilaginibacter sp022811725
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017431745
s__Georgenia sp023148685
s__AG-409-B05 sp003216075
s__JAHCRD01 sp030615715
s__JAIOPI01 sp945949405
s__2-01-FULL-41-11 sp001776335
s__Vulcanococcus sp016882585
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003282425
s__Streptococcus sp902460355
s__Caenibius sp019803445
s__JAAYSL01 sp012518315
s__UBA6168 sp024642645
s__Mesorhizobium sp001897075
s__Pristimantibacillus alkaliterrae
s__AWTP1-9 sp016185185
s__NORP267 sp021775875
s__UBA7672 sp937873805
s__JAAYMU01 sp012521215
s__SXYR01 sp024640465
s__Octadecabacter dasysiphoniae
s__Pediococcus sp022712335
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp009773635
s__JAADJA01 sp029934735
s__ASP10-02a sp913052465
s__Lachnospira sp019424245
s__RCC307 sp913020095
s__JAUXIB01 sp030621225
s__AAA300-D14 sp902604945
s__OMII01 sp900299055
s__Daejeonella sp938008555
s__UBA3789 sp902764545
s__B14-G1 sp027020915
s__WJIY01 sp014730005
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp023251805
s__DSM-111022 sp015863195
s__Patulibacter minatonensis
s__RGIG2000 sp017456685
s__Marivivens niveibacter
s__UBA956 sp945862285
s__CAJQLB01 sp020435965
s__Jatrophihabitans endophyticus
s__Vitreimonas sp019753175
s__CAG-103 sp946187035
s__NBML01 sp030638935
s__Niveispirillum sp001296005
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius_H
s__DKMV01 sp002469605
s__Marinisoma sp023255095
s__Bin107 sp009839615
s__Arthrobacter oryzae
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029892425
s__JAEYRA01 sp023435705
s__JACPLZ01 sp016186245
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003140075
s__Mesonia sp958296185
s__HGM11501 sp017411325
s__RGIG9151 sp016287855
s__XBB2008 sp024691305
s__RGIG3456 sp017543165
s__Mariprofundus sp015485035
s__UBA8309 sp913048595
s__JAIRLK01 sp031278025
s__Nanopelagicus sp009691185
s__Mucilaginibacter sp018390515
s__JAHJRZ01 sp018830605
s__Thermogemmatispora tikiterensis
s__Enterousia sp934255455
s__ER46 sp030832235
s__Pseudemcibacter sp030428615
s__Leisingera sp013317235
s__UMGS1883 sp017505525
s__Ac37b sp000746585
s__Ruminococcus sp017622635
s__JAJZRV01 sp027457225
s__Pelagibacter sp902605605
s__Kocuria atrinae
s__Alkalibacter saccharofermentans
s__JAGRBY01 sp020433805
s__Larkinella soli
s__Bin55 sp026707905
s__JAGLTQ01 sp029880425
s__Pedobacter cryoconitis_A
s__Metabacillus_B flavus
s__JAJPIG01 sp021324855
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029051685
s__Nocardiopsis alkaliphila
s__Planktophila sp026392765
s__Pelagibacter sp902569975
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017617715
s__BOG-932 sp903970575
s__Mitsuaria noduli
s__Myxococcus landrumus
s__Bu33 sp017354095
s__JAGVLI01 sp016795185
s__SZUA-580 sp003249585
s__Pelagibacter sp905620465
s__DRNA01 sp011322365
s__RGIG8709 sp017626595
s__Corynebacterium sp030538285
s__Spiribacter salilacus
s__PBB1 sp001464195
s__JACPXK01 sp016196565
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000291825
s__JALOOE01 sp025454565
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017550775
s__JAHIQC01 sp030653635
s__Acetatifactor sp947589505
s__ID1734 sp007489285
s__CACPJE01 sp902634045
s__Niabella sp027493055
s__Arthrobacter_C castelli
s__W3P20-009 sp024401355
s__Pelagibacter sp902629575
s__Planotetraspora thailandica
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016788635
s__UBA11358 sp903922735
s__Qipengyuania sphaerica
s__JAUSGV01 sp030648675
s__UBA4334 sp937900485
s__Firm-04 sp017532085
s__Kmv16 sp014859615
s__Streptococcus orisasini
s__Brevundimonas intermedia
s__GCA-016432245 sp016432245
s__Chiayiivirga sp023438325
s__DAOVTM01 sp030633145
s__GCA-2747515 sp029933995
s__Xanthobacter autotrophicus_C
s__CAITNO01 sp937923585
s__Occallatibacter sp021780075
s__DYKD01 sp020722765
s__Spyradenecus sp937892925
s__Gymnodinialimonas ceratoperidinii
s__Limnohabitans_A planktonicus
s__JAMCWJ01 sp023475105
s__Sedimentibacter sp029265225
s__JAHDHW01 sp028277915
s__CAAGNP01 sp017546125
s__Tindallia sp003838145
s__PFJX01 sp020725265
s__Planosporangium thailandense
s__Brevundimonas sp943913055
s__Zoogloea sp018241665
s__Thermoactinomyces mirandus
s__GCA-2401735 sp002401735
s__Pseudobacter sp017744805
s__Micromonospora viridifaciens
s__Mediterraneibacter sp946499505
s__JAUVJV01 sp030622265
s__UBA854 sp029245245
s__Billgrantia bachuensis
s__JARYLZ01 sp029907355
s__JAJVHX01 sp022072405
s__Desulfovirgula thermocuniculi
s__LMDS01 sp025355545
s__RGIG1927 sp017467965
s__Paenibacillus sp023715865
s__JAEWYI01 sp023395735
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017429885
s__GWF2-50-93 sp945883805
s__Tharpella sp015486505
s__Alpha-05 sp003246625
s__Marinobacter sp030297175
s__CANHWS01 sp027490155
s__Pelagibacter sp902578525
s__S144-17 sp026996955
s__DAOVXR01 sp030640865
s__GCA-002718515 sp014381305
s__DUUE01 sp012522075
s__Collinsella sp900752345
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp009693345
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp025458525
s__Treponema_D sp002315375
s__Mycosynbacter sp027492635
s__Sulfurivermis fontis
s__Plesiomonas sp947071955
s__Chryseobacterium sp900156075
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401675
s__Desulfitobacterium sp012799495
s__Frondihabitans sp003752365
s__Collinsella sp959600835
s__JAUNSR01 sp030539115
s__JACQHI01 sp016199105
s__UBA9214 sp029881775
s__Sinomicrobium kalidii
s__Fimousia sp024403555
s__BN30871 sp028715055
s__Actinoplanes maris
s__Neobacillus niacini_F
s__T1SED10-157 sp003554535
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009905615
s__C7867-001 sp023267775
s__Roseibacillus_B sp013001695
s__Chlorobium sp005862225
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp029245675
s__UBA10281 sp017479185
s__OLB17 sp003223025
s__Syntrophomonas_B zehnderi
s__Angelobacter sp020072645
s__Phenylobacterium parvum_A
s__ISDg sp017618195
s__CATZDY01 sp958417755
s__Vampirovibrio chlorellavorus_A
s__Noviherbaspirillum autotrophicum
s__PCPOR2b sp022826645
s__Pelagibacter ubique_J
s__UBA4416 sp005800865
s__Nostoc_B sp015206815
s__Aphodocola sp947589105
s__Cryptobacteroides sp949295645
s__Limimorpha sp017428285
s__Arenimonas sp025360985
s__Silanimonas sp027483045
s__Athalassotoga saccharophila
s__QIAJ01 sp016196065
s__Deinococcus sp022344005
s__SIG644 sp017452545
s__JAFGRB01 sp016935365
s__Syntrophopropionicum ammoniitolerans
s__Bacillus_AZ sp016879755
s__UBA1140 sp902727995
s__JAAXQD01 sp030145345
s__Pirellula_B sp903920425
s__WRAN01 sp009780185
s__Competibacter sp027492875
s__PLA2 sp011525755
s__Cytobacillus sp000518885
s__CAIZWU01 sp945900785
s__Desulfovibrio sp014804865
s__HGM11501 sp030535815
s__Thiopontia sp018671205
s__UBA9570 sp016207285
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017962165
s__SKUG01 sp007122215
s__UPXZ01 sp017860335
s__UBA1213 sp946187095
s__Helcococcus sp946998255
s__Gallispira sp030524425
s__Pontibacter ruber_A
s__SCUL01 sp004297205
s__Luteimonas_B sedimenti
s__Alistipes sp023413645
s__RQOF01 sp020350205
s__Amphritea sp024679635
s__DAHUXN01 sp030043155
s__Tagaea sp014444615
s__Streptomyces ficellus_A
s__Sulfitobacter sp026410285
s__Sulfurimonas sp937914675
s__PSRN01 sp003176075
s__ATN3 sp003577105
s__Chitinophaga pinensis_C
s__JACPFN01 sp018061805
s__JAUVYF01 sp030670905
s__Rothia nasimurium_G
s__PMNU01 sp937988795
s__Arthrobacter sulfonivorans_B
s__Streptococcus gordonii_A
s__0-14-0-20-51-18 sp002774685
s__GCA-012562765 sp012568245
s__BRH-c54 sp937901255
s__JAIOPE01 sp021414065
s__Ornithinimicrobium humiphilum
s__JACQNT01 sp016202915
s__Prevotella sp902770195
s__Pelagibacter sp002170275
s__Geminisphaera sp031266495
s__Marisediminicola senii
s__JALSKU01 sp027023175
s__Bin127 sp022824185
s__Mobilitalea sp029974875
s__Herbaspirillum sp000577615
s__Pseudolabrys sp019689975
s__RUG806 sp902788995
s__JAFGWW01 sp016936955
s__Sedimentibacter sp023416855
s__JAJFKO01 sp021773175
s__Limenecus sp949293185
s__Desulfobulbus sp013201405
s__Ruminococcus sp937880065
s__SAR86A sp902528875
s__Smithella sp019136325
s__Sphingorhabdus_B wooponensis
s__UBA4466 sp002427735
s__Acinetobacter sp000214135
s__Collinsella sp902494375
s__M5B4 sp025055675
s__Boudabousia tangfeifanii
s__Aquisalinus sp030758415
s__Treponema_B sp938045195
s__JANJTV01 sp024710905
s__Chryseobacterium sp019970045
s__JAISBI01 sp031266275
s__JADKIY01 sp016722575
s__Paraflavisolibacter caeni
s__JALUJC01 sp027053375
s__UBA4334 sp017470525
s__Spongiactinospora rosea
s__SHVT01 sp945892765
s__JACQCF01 sp015233165
s__Limnovirga sp025351145
s__BOBG01 sp031276945
s__Ramlibacter sp019449555
s__CAJXQU01 sp026984275
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946055165
s__JAMWDF01 sp023818865
s__Caulobacter sp001556515
s__CANPYS01 sp947630965
s__Sva-25 sp030594925
s__Polaromonas sp903941205
s__4484-190-2 sp002050025
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902628815
s__CALMYZ01 sp937873745
s__JABUEZ01 sp013314795
s__Mesonia aestuariivivens
s__Casimicrobium sp014378555
s__M1805 sp006226965
s__RPRB01 sp017881345
s__JALWJW01 sp027067085
s__Agathobacter sp023663685
s__Eubacterium_F sp947631075
s__RGIG8399 sp934365155
s__UBA7446 sp024638225
s__EW11 sp003054665
s__RAAP-2 sp013044405
s__Sphingopyxis sp016793775
s__Salinivirga sp002869335
s__JAFAQI01 sp030840545
s__BOG-931 sp030043285
s__CAJCBL01 sp023446865
s__NK4A144 sp900168235
s__GCA-002402085 sp002401525
s__JAGXRK01 sp018335755
s__Flavobacterium sp029945805
s__Butyribacter sp028724545
s__Succinivibrio sp017469335
s__Butyrivibrio sp017996845
s__QQWI01 sp937958285
s__UBA4951 sp949298295
s__Microbacterium sp030347395
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp946531785
s__Pedobacter ghigonis
s__SZUA-601 sp003250865
s__Prevotella sp944320285
s__Erythrobacter sp013822125
s__Alicyclobacillus_H macrosporangiidus
s__TMED112 sp002692425
s__JAAUUD01 sp012031655
s__JAROCA01 sp030732005
s__Parashewanella hymeniacidonis
s__JASLIR01 sp030152125
s__Rhodococcus sp003641205
s__CAMPJU01 sp946479915
s__Luteolibacter sp903908495
s__UBA11051 sp012518355
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp026399375
s__RUG11977 sp016281275
s__Deinococcus sp024171495
s__UBA8190 sp030040015
s__JAAAOJ01 sp009908915
s__Bosea sp025499465
s__Phocaeicola sp017558175
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp030148725
s__JAITDA01 sp031282805
s__JAQXDR01 sp029251265
s__WVZH01 sp011772595
s__JAUHWS01 sp030427295
s__Salaquimonas sp002400845
s__Methyloprofundus sp028599115
s__RUG13091 sp017429285
s__Thermomonas sp018262705
s__Pectobacterium sp013449375
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514675
s__UBA2834 sp017437945
s__Qaidamihabitans albus
s__MB11C04 sp902612125
s__Soonwooa buanensis
s__BOG-1363 sp003136555
s__JARLUB01 sp030920305
s__Sodaliphilus sp017651515
s__Avispirillum sp949878535
s__Arenibacter sp023718535
s__Luteimonas_B sp946482565
s__Aquimarina sp026222555
s__DAOVVL01 sp030637205
s__UMGS1754 sp944392885
s__Acidithiobacillus concretivorus
s__RDXZ01 sp013298075
s__Avispirillum sp015063955
s__Agathobaculum sp951230135
s__GCA-002050365 sp026785925
s__Flavobacterium psychrotolerans
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001297125
s__GCA-2688105 sp002688105
s__28-YEA-48 sp947458675
s__Micromonospora sp018070465
s__Butyrivibrio sp017433805
s__Suilimivivens sp949949005
s__Faecousia sp017936205
s__Planococcus sp003668635
s__JACDET01 sp013816255
s__UBA9959 sp001799735
s__C7867-001 sp028286825
s__Ewingella psychrotolerans
s__UBA3077 sp026982575
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp020073385
s__Enterosoma sp934725685
s__SXYR01 sp030832085
s__Sphingomonas sp021043375
s__S010-51 sp947311095
s__Desulfatibacillum sp016342355
s__Evansella vedderi
s__UBA5578 sp947629445
s__Zoogloea sp002028455
s__Agarivorans sp900537085
s__JABMMZ01 sp947496065
s__JACPCG01 sp016179925
s__Eubacterium_R sp017458975
s__RUG591 sp947625085
s__Alkaliphilus sp938074565
s__Devosia sp029256605
s__Scatosoma sp017463025
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902610115
s__F0058 sp031290375
s__CALGDE01 sp937894105
s__Murinocardiopsis flavida
s__JADCRZ01 sp015069695
s__MED-G16 sp902633975
s__UBA890 sp022563115
s__JAHDIM01 sp020630805
s__H1-PLA3 sp015709575
s__UBA10281 sp017453045
s__34-128 sp011056645
s__JAIPAN01 sp947459195
s__Leptospira ainlahdjerensis
s__Veronia pacifica
s__Propioniciclava sp012838755
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp938088195
s__Bin94 sp022822445
s__Pelagibacter_A sp014654415
s__Pelethomonas sp947176425
s__DUPK01 sp012838345
s__MT110 sp927441425
s__UBA3291 sp947168725
s__JAIYDJ01 sp027487575
s__WHTT01 sp009377495
s__JAGGZP01 sp021161965
s__Z2-YC6860 sp021730985
s__HGM11412 sp017545865
s__SCQM01 sp027366165
s__JAIOUW01 sp030428705
s__Gilliamella apicola_M
s__Streptomyces sp017948455
s__Lentimicrobium sp023428585
s__Tannerella sp938036405
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus_A
s__Hyphococcus sp002704915
s__UBA1213 sp902766585
s__JAGRKE01 sp020442385
s__QAND01 sp015056185
s__Methyloceanibacter sp030669345
s__JADZBY01 sp020851855
s__XYD1-FULL-46-19 sp001824825
s__UBA5905 sp015066365
s__WRAN01 sp009785605
s__PALSA-1336 sp003151625
s__JANXCC01 sp028275205
s__Chitiniphilus sp025642115
s__JAJCZA01 sp029262635
s__Cupriavidus pickettii_A
s__CAKPXW01 sp947626825
s__Nanosyncoccus sp016280905
s__WQXQ01 sp031273185
s__UBA11704 sp018062965
s__Caccovivens sp017938505
s__JAUJOA01 sp030447875
s__JAJRUK01 sp029260025
s__CAG-448 sp017463485
s__UBA6191 sp002422125
s__Belnapia moabensis
s__UBA2450 sp017447165
s__RUG420 sp017614275
s__SKGN01 sp028685275
s__Treponema_D sp946411505
s__Ligilactobacillus salitolerans
s__SIG200 sp947589495
s__Pseudochrobactrum sp031253705
s__Onthovivens sp934168325
s__MED-G52 sp902554705
s__AG-337-I02 sp902614395
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp001772055
s__SURF-10 sp028277825
s__Sphingobacterium sp000814685
s__JANQOE01 sp028279245
s__DUPK01 sp029265975
s__GCF-002776555 sp002776555
s__JAHEKC01 sp024638565
s__JAQTUD01 sp028710405
s__Winogradskyella sp013213835
s__Centipeda sp001717585
s__Rossellomorea sp002561455
s__JAFAFN01 sp023423475
s__Collinsella sp902470265
s__Arthrobacter_D sp902805515
s__JAKVCB01 sp022448345
s__Sphingomonas sp019744885
s__CABHOJ01 sp946481065
s__JAAYJV01 sp012522755
s__Pelagibacter sp902573235
s__Telluria sp946479705
s__Embleya scabrispora_A
s__Endonucleobacter bathymodioli
s__Heliomarina sp002210165
s__JACPYZ01 sp016195765
s__Thiomicrospira aerophila
s__RUG721 sp947305035
s__Saccharopolyspora dendranthemae
s__Pseudorhodobacter turbinis
s__Aquitalea sp019232735
s__JAHECW01 sp025456145
s__Desulfopila ganghwensis
s__Altererythrobacter_D litoralis_A
s__Selenomonas_A sp024699275
s__UBA1221 sp945836835
s__Sabulitectum sp021162285
s__JAEVLT01 sp021821235
s__Paenibacillus_AA koleovorans
s__UBA4466 sp024742305
s__UBA2868 sp024693225
s__Lactovum sp031254115
s__Chroogloeocystis sp000317555
s__Pelomonas sp026712245
s__Tichowtungia sp029934215
s__Streptomyces subrutilus_A
s__JACPNY01 sp947457015
s__PNEW01 sp002922725
s__JAACJV01 sp021378535
s__JAKAHZ01 sp029858565
s__Faeciplasma sp947625125
s__JAFEGQ01 sp018239785
s__UMGS172 sp015066395
s__Pelagibacter sp902613855
s__JACCXM01 sp937870845
s__Endolissoclinum faulkneri_A
s__CAIOSU01 sp903861055
s__Fimbriimonas sp945952345
s__Lapillicoccus jejuensis
s__UBA10364 sp011525035
s__Anaplasma platys
s__UBA5629 sp002421445
s__CAIYRB01 sp026390445
s__UBA10002 sp030648695
s__Flavobacterium sp947447375
s__Flavobacterium sp015351595
s__Eubacterium_B sp947302715
s__M3007 sp030645295
s__Streptomyces sp029167625
s__CAG-269 sp944393315
s__Bin94 sp028874995
s__Fibrobacter sp946183925
s__UMGS1865 sp015065205
s__Dokdonella_A sp019634815
s__Limimorpha sp017549605
s__CAMNAO01 sp946531435
s__JACCZZ01 sp013695715
s__JAKSBN01 sp022361175
s__Marisediminicola sp025465095
s__UBA966 sp018883105
s__JAAFHG01 sp947447825
s__JAKQJC01 sp029561345
s__CALHRZ01 sp938038445
s__Bacteroides sp949288585
s__Methylacidimicrobium sp028710285
s__Caccenecus sp944372725
s__Halomicronema sp937899725
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp020252865
s__Choladousia sp947588845
s__VBAT01 sp016787085
s__Rhodopila sp027311485
s__UBA6902 sp003599025
s__Roseburia sp017626625
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514665
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BU
s__GCA-2720865 sp024686135
s__REEB48 sp028865335
s__FEN-1191 sp013289615
s__STD1-80 sp028715435
s__Sphingomonas sp030678875
s__Paenibacillus sp000316035
s__JAFNAG01 sp020072565
s__Tardiphaga sp004173095
s__JAGVNP01 sp020053185
s__BD2-11 sp012267435
s__UBA1213 sp902783815
s__Desulfitibacter sp018333845
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017471085
s__JAAZOP01 sp016218765
s__UBA5209 sp002840365
s__GCA-2704625 sp902568425
s__G020351855 sp030636765
s__Promineifilum breve
s__Scatocola sp949295995
s__Alkalicoccobacillus porphyridii
s__Nonomuraea fuscirosea
s__Erythrobacter sp006542605
s__Fusibacter_A ferrireducens
s__UBA738 sp017541825
s__Rhodococcus agglutinans
s__SKGN01 sp007117415
s__JAMDDL01 sp028718045
s__Sulfurimonas sp022712775
s__Congregibacter sp002428935
s__JAHCRF01 sp020148055
s__GWC2-37-13 sp026004455
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017473705
s__Sphingopyxis sp014207235
s__Foetidibacter luteolus
s__NORP312 sp905480125
s__DUZK01 sp013349495
s__JAPUEB01 sp027492795
s__Dormibacter sp030948965
s__Leeia aquatica
s__AVCC01 sp012927585
s__UBA6156 sp002422365
s__Ruthenibacterium sp945867255
s__Aquimarina sp947500545
s__Gilliamella apicola_Q
s__Prevotella sp024695815
s__CABQCM01 sp902462665
s__NK4A144 sp017634255
s__JAJRYD01 sp024275955
s__Weissella coleopterorum
s__W-Chloroflexi-9 sp002840675
s__Pontiella desulfatans_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946184255
s__Rodentibacter sp901420285
s__Streptomyces sp024701375
s__JAGVGH01 sp020057225
s__Hymenobacter cyanobacteriorum
s__NK4A144 sp000424365
s__SYAC01 sp903861235
s__Devosia sp028290225
s__Tepidimicrobium sp012728595
s__Polaromonas sp030855235
s__Phaeospirillum magnetotacticum
s__JAATGD01 sp015654965
s__SFMI01 sp017550305
s__Mechercharimyces sp024753565
s__UMGS1224 sp017480265
s__Collinsella sp902494245
s__UBA6448 sp947586825
s__M10-OD1-4 sp016200995
s__Gemmobacter serpentinus
s__UBA2730 sp948433435
s__JALYSX01 sp030854585
s__UBA1425 sp017450005
s__VGKU01 sp016882235
s__Lentihominibacter sp030525285
s__UBA8752 sp902535565
s__JAJPGW01 sp021325575
s__2-12-FULL-53-21 sp001775255
s__Shimia_B ponticola
s__Sphingomicrobium sp023559245
s__UBA7488 sp017457425
s__Coproplasma sp947629665
s__JACRCG01 sp014380135
s__RGIG8773 sp022508825
s__Sulfuricurvum sp016938595
s__Phosphitispora fastidiosa
s__Polaribacter sp938084845
s__Marinomonas sp008122525
s__Pelagibacter sp902510635
s__Anaeroplasma sp017462645
s__Rubrivivax sp028869005
s__RUG762 sp902762395
s__JADFUQ01 sp030631445
s__Methylotenera sp029556915
s__Cyanobium sp030373325
s__Nitrospira_D sp011090425
s__Spongiibacter_A sp001010805
s__DRPG01 sp011376105
s__Paenibacillus_D abyssi
s__Limivicinus sp934565615
s__Ga0077536 sp030833185
s__Limnohabitans sp027490485
s__Streptococcus sp905221365
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp937898535
s__BOKV01 sp028289365
s__Paenibacillus_G ginsengihumi
s__JAAWPK01 sp948469655
s__GWA1-54-10 sp003135635
s__Treponema_D sp000260795
s__Aestuariivirga litoralis_A
s__AM-2324 sp029252685
s__Rhodococcus sp023417985
s__Scatovivens sp017477355
s__GCA-2401635 sp030950925
s__Agathobaculum sp944380985
s__UBA1756 sp017617445
s__Ferruginibacter sp027489035
s__Rhizomicrobium sp021817355
s__VXRN01 sp009838465
s__SLMJ01 sp007695115
s__JAIRLC01 sp031289415
s__JAIRLS01 sp031271175
s__CANHGM01 sp947460345
s__Coprovivens sp947626095
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949283235
s__JAISTP01 sp031272545
s__Pyrinomonas sp937135995
s__JAHJRV01 sp030640275
s__UBA2862 sp902777335
s__Draconibacterium mangrovi
s__SLNR01 sp007132905
s__JADFDG01 sp018262975
s__JAUVKU01 sp030596105
s__JAJFFF01 sp021776785
s__Pelomonas sp021738245
s__Burkholderia sp003854275
s__Sinorhizobium glycinis
s__JACPGJ01 sp016182555
s__Anoxymicrobium japonicum
s__Mesorhizobium sp000502835
s__UBA1224 sp002309235
s__JADJWY01 sp030427465
s__UBA3792 sp947166925
s__Sphingobium sp946479185
s__Sphingopyxis sp030148985
s__Caldovatus sediminis
s__Dyadobacter flavalbus
s__CAG-273 sp947631145
s__Actinomarina sp902615855
s__CAIZQW01 sp945870145
s__Deferrivibrio sp022813675
s__CS2-K091 sp030615025
s__JAIRNN01 sp031257995
s__Saccharopolyspora_C gloriosae_A
s__Streptomyces sp026341775
s__Luteimonas_D salinisoli
s__LD21 sp012522155
s__4484-100 sp027026255
s__H3-PLA7 sp016722065
s__Clostridium_AD frigoris
s__Sphingobium sp022758885
s__JAFGJN01 sp016929055
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp020051175
s__JAAXPZ01 sp027023325
s__JAGRBY01 sp020433835
s__JAUVQW01 sp030597945
s__UBA10103 sp021731295
s__Mycobacterium heraklionense_A
s__Microbacterium sp001619615
s__Opitutus sp023430565
s__Rothia sp937935205
s__JAKAKQ01 sp021813425
s__Microbacterium sp023091245
s__UBA5619 sp026388345
s__Gillisia limnaea
s__JABMQV01 sp013203065
s__CALLZL01 sp937859575
s__JAFAAL01 sp030537595
s__Mobilitalea sp023435645
s__RUG369 sp017937685
s__Andreprevotia chitinilytica
s__JAJZWQ01 sp021827805
s__Polynucleobacter antarcticus
s__Echinicola strongylocentroti
s__Deinococcus_A peraridilitoris
s__Streptoalloteichus tenebrarius
s__Ohtaekwangia sp902168205
s__CAIKKV01 sp903828035
s__Blautia_A sp946629475
s__UBA1952 sp023392185
s__Faecalibacillus sp945981915
s__Mycobacterium vicinigordonae
s__RBG-16-45-19 sp001803415
s__JAEDLN01 sp949295265
s__Oricola nitratireducens
s__CACIJG01 sp902560505
s__JADKAV01 sp016703125
s__UBA5794 sp008501565
s__Paraburkholderia flava
s__Ornithinimicrobium sp030145965
s__JAAXWY01 sp013334745
s__Dyadobacter arcticus
s__JADGRQ01 sp016195915
s__Pontibacillus yanchengensis
s__Kribbella sp004216905
s__Sabulitectum sp029934845
s__Gillisia sp007827275
s__JAJCZL01 sp029262415
s__VXYK01 sp951812975
s__Gp6-AA45 sp003223775
s__Sphaerochaeta sp012519125
s__Streptomyces gobiensis
s__NORP312 sp016763645
s__Saccharimonas sp015257665
s__Paracoccus zhejiangensis
s__Clostridium_E minihomine
s__RGUW01 sp018970945
s__UBA3631 sp946624985
s__JAOUPZ01 sp029879595
s__JAQXVU01 sp029225085
s__JAOPZY01 sp025963875
s__Pinibacter aurantiacus
s__JADJPY01 sp016713005
s__Algoriphagus sp029254265
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp027457185
s__Sulfuritalea sp026399445
s__JACROC01 sp016214655
s__Gottfriedia sp013200995
s__Mycobacterium sp902652685
s__UM-FILTER-37-12 sp002793015
s__Paracoccus salsus
s__Collinsella sp019419445
s__JAAYHV01 sp016650175
s__Cellulophaga sp023015805
s__Micromonospora maritima
s__LL51 sp031259665
s__UMGS1449 sp947628535
s__Aegiribacteria sp030634715
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025655575
s__Palsa-288 sp903932155
s__Planktophila sp947459935
s__Luminiphilus sp029253705
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947588745
s__Aquimarina intermedia
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp904395315
s__Dysosmobacter valericigenes_A
s__Propionicimonas sp001603275
s__Peribacter sp028712095
s__Streptomyces violaceusniger_A
s__JAMCRC01 sp027310975
s__Nocardioides daejeonensis
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030373225
s__JAUXYI01 sp030694425
s__JAGQUL01 sp020438525
s__PXDI01 sp003565095
s__Pelagibacter sp902573295
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000635535
s__Pantoea sp000175935
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687515
s__Microbacterium sp009758255
s__JAGXFP01 sp029210665
s__AB-137-C09 sp027075825
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_O
s__JAFUXM01 sp017454625
s__UBA1847 sp021773055
s__CTSoil-043 sp031292335
s__Streptomyces sp023072675
s__Kosakonia sp000814905
s__JABEVM01 sp027348355
s__SFWF01 sp004560045
s__JAGOVR01 sp018060635
s__42-54-T18 sp913063125
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp947630535
s__RUG11462 sp902773485
s__Hydrogenophaga sp011390835
s__Pelagibacter sp902628525
s__PFJX01 sp028714875
s__Hominimerdicola sp946544695
s__JANJUH01 sp024710675
s__RGIG7114 sp946407675
s__Campylobacter_D estrildidarum
s__Streptomyces tailanensis
s__CAIYBN01 sp903924465
s__Marinobacterium_E sp013373575
s__Halomicronema sp028330965
s__Methylopumilus_A turicensis
s__SIG636 sp017531625
s__PEYH01 sp026395615
s__PALSA-1004 sp003153455
s__Gelidibacter pelagius
s__Lepagella sp022510425
s__JAKFXT01 sp021731245
s__UBA3789 sp017550205
s__UBA1370 sp002306315
s__Seonamhaeicola sp004358095
s__Bombella dulcis
s__UBA9973 sp943354905
s__Desulfopila sp010646885
s__JAGVJT01 sp020050955
s__Onthoplasma sp947589025
s__Leucobacter sp012511645
s__Alistipes sp017937765
s__Sphingobacterium sp030325625
s__Mobilitalea saccharofermentans
s__Halomonas sp018401555
s__Pelagibacter sp902594405
s__Porcincola sp946624935
s__Pontimicrobium sp937129145
s__DYHM01 sp020724125
s__Methylomirabilis sp028869615
s__WRLR01 sp009777515
s__Brachymonas sp030529505
s__RGIG3315 sp017447305
s__JARKOQ01 sp029976005
s__WQXQ01 sp031279635
s__Thiomonas sp019351955
s__JAUWGW01 sp030606215
s__JAUMWV01 sp030529455
s__SZUA-265 sp003235365
s__JAKEFN01 sp022616085
s__UBA668 sp030685215
s__Paludibacter sp019163375
s__JAAYFE01 sp012735405
s__LMEP-6097 sp009924885
s__JADGPY01 sp025353485
s__JACDBZ01 sp013820865
s__Ensifer_A sp021026335
s__Sphingobium terrigena
s__2-12-FULL-57-22 sp016193385
s__CAMDPA01 sp945901835
s__Hyphococcus sp021776245
s__Adiutrix sp031273445
s__CACHRU01 sp902581775
s__Competibacter sp014879435
s__WJJX01 sp014729445
s__PLA3 sp007753915
s__UBA9959 sp903889965
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214215
s__Fructobacillus papyrifericola
s__JANXXV01 sp025350445
s__Humidesulfovibrio mexicanus
s__Acidovorax soli_A
s__JABJGH01 sp030610225
s__Pseudonocardia sp013695005
s__Alistipes sp947367255
s__JACQZU01 sp016213735
s__Gilvibacter sp003229235
s__Granulosicoccus sp938016235
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp001871085
s__Vibrio agarilyticus
s__Thiomicrospira microaerophila
s__JAHEDQ01 sp024641125
s__Choladousia sp947630005
s__ZC4RG40 sp003242475
s__Azospirillum sp019805165
s__SoEE sp002933315
s__SYFN01 sp903904635
s__JAADJA01 sp020438105
s__Leptospira_A ilyithenensis
s__Leptospira_A sp026151395
s__Epibacterium aquimaris
s__JACRPR01 sp016223105
s__Pelagibacter sp902604975
s__UBA10103 sp031291875
s__Collinsella sp900552875
s__Microcystis aeruginosa_F
s__UBA10003 sp016214465
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp022736495
s__TWA4 sp022774705
s__JACRIE01 sp016220165
s__JALVPX01 sp027061625
s__Herbiconiux sp004297105
s__UBA1259 sp934230055
s__JANQPV01 sp028285305
s__Z2-YC6860 sp945893085
s__RUG410 sp017543835
s__UBA3789 sp017541885
s__Gemmatimonas groenlandica
s__WYBB01 sp016792665
s__UBA3766 sp024698715
s__Sodaliphilus sp018065165
s__PXDC01 sp003565135
s__JAFDZW01 sp018266755
s__AG-422-B15 sp902578305
s__JACQSD01 sp016206165
s__AR9 sp016201575
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003225555
s__Sediminibacterium sp945957225
s__JAGQUL01 sp025964555
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AV
s__CAMDKS01 sp945897695
s__OLB19 sp017992505
s__UBA5352 sp012522765
s__JADJOU01 sp016713645
s__Collinsella sp018368055
s__UBA1189 sp002309805
s__Eperythrozoon_A ovis
s__Aureliella sp026004795
s__Methylobacterium terrae
s__Flagellimonas sp023015965
s__JAUQQI01 sp030549955
s__UMGS1498 sp934122215
s__Polaromonas sp021299555
s__UBA12068 sp013336225
s__Campylobacter_A sp024680445
s__UBA1752 sp015064955
s__Pelagibacter ubique_F
s__CAKZKH01 sp937122485
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385065
s__OLB11 sp947461985
s__GWF2-38-335 sp016936815
s__Halovulum marinum_A
s__Halobacteriovorax sp002753895
s__Alistipes sp937880705
s__JACKII01 sp020638555
s__CAG-1000 sp902764145
s__Microbispora sp012999535
s__CAG-269 sp946415375
s__CAJXDB01 sp913052285
s__CAIVAT01 sp020719165
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp937139565
s__CAJBEZ01 sp020718965
s__Puia dinghuensis_A
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp938049325
s__Termitinema primitia
s__Ferrimonas lipolytica
s__Nanosyncoccus sp016282495
s__CAIKAH01 sp945897315
s__JAUSKE01 sp030649435
s__JAHECH01 sp020060805
s__JAHWLC01 sp019347585
s__JASBTO01 sp030148365
s__UMGS1865 sp017453305
s__Competibacter_A sp903882995
s__Deinococcus detaillensis
s__VJS01 sp005880055
s__UBA2995 sp027297085
s__UBA10649 sp003456155
s__Mucilaginibacter galii
s__JAQTNA01 sp028714035
s__Devosia sp023431205
s__JAUCGF01 sp029940345
s__NBRC-107688 sp003586445
s__Oceaniglobus trochenteri
s__CAG-196 sp944325815
s__JAFGDW01 sp016931935
s__Planktophila sp024641555
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp002389765
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis_D
s__Azospirillum griseum
s__Leifsonia sp001423695
s__Poseidonibacter sp947503785
s__JACRPT01 sp016223045
s__Sodaliphilus sp016290765
s__JALOCA01 sp023227965
s__JAOZPL01 sp029932795
s__JANTHQ01 sp024278725
s__AM-1111 sp900299295
s__UBA2093 sp005789925
s__JAQGMO01 sp028292315
s__WGA-3G sp951812525
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp000331225
s__UBA1364 sp002306345
s__CAG-448 sp017626655
s__CAG-273 sp946499885
s__Rhodopila sp018240405
s__Kiloniella sp937128705
s__Palsa-1315 sp013140715
s__Pedobacter planticolens
s__Geofilum rhodophaeum
s__Naasia flava
s__Hymenobacter monticola
s__WQXQ01 sp009778155
s__Sphingomonas hengshuiensis_A
s__CALJDF01 sp938023835
s__Amphritea sp024679645
s__JAAAPH01 sp009908415
s__JANQFE01 sp028278025
s__Nanosynbacter sp947097375
s__Root112D2 sp026410545
s__Deferrimicrobium sp937863105
s__UBA4719 sp014377705
s__2-01-FULL-63-20 sp001791045
s__UBA3282 sp014804355
s__JACVRM01 sp014534415
s__Streptomyces geranii
s__Mucilaginibacter flavidus
s__JACPGF01 sp021286645
s__Neoroseomonas fluvialis
s__Armatimonas sp026392155
s__RGIG4930 sp017443685
s__Aquiluna sp018402685
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023242365
s__UMGS1279 sp934444895
s__RYN-124 sp025465145
s__JACPGL01 sp016182525
s__Sedimentitalea sp016521575
s__Colwellia sp022969215
s__Collinsella sp958437935
s__JADJGC01 sp016708315
s__Flavobacterium sp027483985
s__Collinsella sp937934355
s__Gilliamella sp946481345
s__Pelomonas sp004211235
s__BM004 sp020346205
s__UBA1930 sp963169635
s__Quinella sp017554235
s__COE1 sp949383255
s__JAFIFS01 sp020831895
s__JAHCJI01 sp026126305
s__JACOND01 sp026712605
s__Streptomyces sp002027195
s__NVQY01 sp030625695
s__UBA4722 sp013288655
s__DT-91 sp013215025
s__Thermophilibacter provencensis_A
s__Telmatospirillum sp013349665
s__Prevotella sp939792625
s__JAUXBD01 sp030619585
s__Salinicola peritrichatus
s__Erythrobacter sp027489095
s__JAADIM01 sp013151345
s__Arthrobacter_D pityocampae
s__2-12-FULL-37-14 sp001804735
s__Lactobacillus sp014522305
s__Acidoferrum sp003224135
s__RBG-13-51-18 sp903915565
s__Brevundimonas sp027912535
s__JAIUMV01 sp022565395
s__DFXE01 sp031264865
s__Aquirhabdus sp014378805
s__Lentzea aerocolonigenes_A
s__Tianweitania sediminis
s__Sphingobacterium puteale
s__B1 sp947485745
s__Flavobacterium indicum
s__Brocadia sp030837315
s__JAFGLP01 sp016927965
s__DVEF01 sp030549855
s__Changpingibacter haemolyticus_A
s__CAG-873 sp937995285
s__Belliella baltica
s__Thalassobacillus devorans_B
s__WKFI01 sp025141015
s__Alteribacillus_A piscicola
s__JAAXHW01 sp012270675
s__Fulvivirga sp937899105
s__Acetatifactor sp947631715
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AJ
s__JAOTST01 sp026193675
s__Perlucidibaca sp030680295
s__JAIRQA01 sp031256715
s__Akkermansia sp947630815
s__Fodinibius halophilus
s__JAAZND01 sp012798485
s__Rhodobacter_F sphaeroides_A
s__CALYQJ01 sp945285405
s__Collinsella sp905215445
s__UA16 sp028825055
s__UBA3637 sp905236245
s__Pelagibacter sp902595115
s__Clostridium sp902785295
s__JAHHUH01 sp017452325
s__UBA6055 sp022822545
s__SHVP01 sp016869765
s__Neobacillus mesonae_A
s__HTCC2207 sp029246925
s__Mariprofundus sp021772775
s__Gordonia sp026625785
s__UBA1568 sp030648835
s__Arenimonas sp021299355
s__Gemmobacter_B sp029953595
s__Sphingobacterium corticibacter
s__Epilithonimonas sp913778505
s__SIG79 sp017456805
s__JASLMQ01 sp030746455
s__Enterousia sp017409215
s__Aphodocola sp949288625
s__JAJTCL01 sp021323255
s__UBA6164 sp027062145
s__JACRCQ01 sp016218915
s__Nonlabens spongiae
s__Arthrobacter_D sp030146405
s__G030406045 sp030406045
s__JANWKQ01 sp025451235
s__Arthrobacter aurescens_B
s__J032 sp003696955
s__WRDL01 sp009781565
s__Crassaminicella_A thermophila
s__Specibacter sp000482545
s__UBA1258 sp024403515
s__Planktophila sp009703165
s__CAG-170 sp002298695
s__DROE01 sp011322005
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp023457615
s__MED-G52 sp902534325
s__Fibromonas sp009786285
s__SZUA-51 sp021648045
s__ZC4RG25 sp023412745
s__UBA3282 sp022510545
s__DAOURK01 sp030605265
s__Cognatazoarcus sp020445745
s__Flemingibacterium sp017407885
s__JAFGSI01 sp019873655
s__Chryseolinea lacunae
s__GCA-2732755 sp011053195
s__DTU064 sp947586625
s__JAPPJI01 sp026713605
s__CADCVT01 sp902806215
s__RUG563 sp017395685
s__Solimicrobium sp903914535
s__Terrimonas_A sp024707305
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902545945
s__JAOTWJ01 sp029859185
s__GCA-2402195 sp030731565
s__Oceanithermus profundus
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944324865
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944323945
s__Reyranella sp004296935
s__JAPYTY01 sp029942065
s__JARLGU01 sp031292625
s__Pontibacter sp022601975
s__Trichofilum sp023384415
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017634595
s__JAAYNZ01 sp012520595
s__Sulfurovum sp013607775
s__Gemmatimonas sp019752115
s__JACMLD01 sp028876035
s__CAKZKB01 sp937121005
s__Companilactobacillus zhongbaensis
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp028724905
s__Lancefieldella sp916438885
s__Gulosibacter macacae
s__JAJDJB01 sp030266985
s__Winogradskyella schleiferi
s__Actinoplanes siamensis
s__JACZWU01 sp022571985
s__Microvirga aerilata
s__Streptococcus mitis_AZ
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp024681435
s__Herbaspirillum sp019233085
s__JAKAGE01 sp031291905
s__Rhodoferax_C sp016708725
s__Pelagibacter sp902610675
s__JAAXHH01 sp022825625
s__SXIZ01 sp947505105
s__GCA-002684695 sp002684695
s__Sutcliffiella_A sp012524115
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp001457775
s__Apilactobacillus sp025290035
s__Nodularia sp003556955
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp018618755
s__Desulfamplus sp015233755
s__Sunxiuqinia indica
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902618335
s__Microvirga roseola
s__F23-D06 sp017395245
s__Mycobacterium sp008329565
s__RF16 sp946404495
s__Aliarcobacter sp028703945
s__Contubernalis sp003560915
s__WRAP01 sp009777485
s__Devosia_A sp023415605
s__CALXEM01 sp021771035
s__GCA-002793235 sp905479915
s__SYAR01 sp023256705
s__Sulfurivirga caldicuralii
s__JALGTD01 sp029821255
s__Sphingomonas sp017745215
s__DSM-25186 sp900100765
s__JACKKO01 sp024236395
s__Chlorobium_A sp015482705
s__Enteromonas sp030537155
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688315
s__Nocardioides anomalus
s__Crinalium epipsammum
s__Legionella sp031291115
s__Dokdonella immobilis
s__Pelagibacter sp902599605
s__XBB1006 sp015057205
s__BACL21 sp938074515
s__JAMXLI01 sp024281115
s__Chlorobaculum parvum_B
s__BM103 sp002869725
s__PSRJ01 sp003175985
s__Achromobacter arsenitoxydans
s__DAOVJZ01 sp030632035
s__JACIXC01 sp937128055
s__JAUPKQ01 sp030837345
s__Pelagibacter sp902628965
s__Thermoanaerobacterium sp030534315
s__CATQHW01 sp958296075
s__JAPSGP01 sp031177445
s__CAKPQL01 sp948468225
s__Actinopolyspora biskrensis
s__Flavobacterium saccharophilum
s__BOG-234 sp947467185
s__RGIG1943 sp017421095
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp017380475
s__UBA7477 sp002479715
s__Koribacter versatilis_A
s__Chlamydophila crocodili
s__UBA1407 sp017548425
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_Q
s__Kalu-18 sp016700055
s__JAQTLJ01 sp028714935
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882185
s__XN24 sp011058255
s__Paracoccus sp030538135
s__JACRLG01 sp016235345
s__Alteromonas sp018619335
s__FS08-3 sp027065045
s__JACCXF01 sp030859685
s__Polaromonas sp013824015
s__JAIRLK01 sp031275515
s__Aquimarina spongiae
s__Planktophila sp937888825
s__Nitrobacter vulgaris
s__Aestuariibaculum suncheonense
s__CAG-177 sp017549105
s__Duganella aquatilis
s__JAHFJD01 sp023246055
s__Coprosoma sp944329385
s__SIG299 sp017622795
s__Sediminibacterium sp947460365
s__LD21 sp017882345
s__Novosphingobium sp947477745
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_D
s__ISDg sp017551165
s__JAGLBW01 sp023145485
s__Kinetoplastibacterium crithidii_A
s__Scatosoma sp017536305
s__Kitasatospora gansuensis
s__Mycobacterium tilburgii
s__JAJFGM01 sp021776145
s__UBA11358 sp031290985
s__JAHCAW01 sp030156535
s__JAISFT01 sp031258265
s__JAAFJU01 sp026389365
s__Flagellimonas sp028282265
s__2-01-FULL-47-10-A sp001820675
s__Arcticimaribacter sp002708445
s__Flavobacterium sp017985075
s__Novosphingobium colocasiae
s__Kitasatospora sp014596465
s__Thermobrachium sp028622835
s__JABDGZ01 sp015233675
s__Anaerovorax odorimutans
s__Deferribacter desulfuricans
s__CAJOIG01 sp947625355
s__Campylobacter_B sp938045595
s__DTU015 sp012837895
s__CALXPF01 sp949286245
s__WRNU01 sp031258965
s__RGIG6375 sp947169005
s__Coproplasma sp949290575
s__Lepagella sp947174155
s__JABWCQ01 sp013360195
s__JAGORY01 sp018062585
s__JAGOLU01 sp017993865
s__UBA1668 sp022446795
s__Aliihoeflea sp024105655
s__50-400-T64 sp913058345
s__Galliscardovia primatium
s__Dyella sp022761115
s__Flavobacterium sp002303885
s__Methylobacillus rhizosphaerae
s__JAOZRQ01 sp029940115
s__Psychroserpens sp000799465
s__RAAP-2 sp003131665
s__GCA-2707915 sp938048695
s__Pelagibacter sp902519375
s__Chersky-265 sp030854955
s__Sphingobacterium deserti
s__UBA668 sp963169215
s__Rhodovulum sp016938875
s__RUG11977 sp017958245
s__DAOVLC01 sp030631455
s__JAIRLS01 sp031259205
s__UBA6669 sp016794725
s__UBA5704 sp030150965
s__Palsa-461 sp003161255
s__GCA-2746365 sp022712755
s__JAISZP01 sp031269135
s__Hymenobacter sp028288445
s__Flavobacterium sp943325255
s__Dysosmobacter sp021769865
s__Flammeovirga sp014534745
s__JAKANT01 sp025057735
s__JACPSX01 sp016193065
s__HRBIN11 sp025061865
s__Caldatribacterium sp025060675
s__JACWAD01 sp014874175
s__UBA12202 sp016778985
s__NORP309 sp026988115
s__Hydrogenivirga sp015487535
s__Herbaspirillum autotrophicum
s__JAUHYN01 sp030426505
s__JAAYFL01 sp012728235
s__JANXSG01 sp025352825
s__CASEYK01 sp949292105
s__JAOUDF01 sp029859385
s__Paracoccus sp030538755
s__Variovorax sp028292145
s__GCA-002790365 sp011052365
s__Multivorans sp951812325
s__Exiguobacterium qingdaonense
s__Micromonospora krabiensis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp021341665
s__SXRM01 sp016875335
s__Enteromonas sp015058945
s__Bin75 sp958295805
s__Pelobium sp014763615
s__PWHG01 sp003554785
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp003567685
s__Vicinibacter sp029572935
s__Stutzerimonas sp003530955
s__JAUSKB01 sp030647415
s__CAMDMI01 sp947441055
s__JAMDEO01 sp023483915
s__Rubripirellula tenax
s__JADYYK01 sp020853705
s__JAKOSX01 sp029776205
s__Faecousia sp017440925
s__PUPG01 sp003556325
s__Quinella sp017484005
s__Vibrio sp013114625
s__BA4 sp014879445
s__JADFUQ01 sp015222065
s__JAICXS01 sp025934615
s__Azonexus sp013335535
s__NORP324 sp024222395
s__Firm-16 sp905235455
s__CAZU01 sp017480995
s__CASPLG01 sp951800855
s__Sphingomonas metalli
s__Algicoccus sp007116135
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902796375
s__UBA11524 sp015056085
s__CANRPC01 sp947626895
s__RUG563 sp015056125
s__TumbabinsA96 sp018606645
s__Vibrio sp028204155
s__VXLM01 sp028875495
s__Ktedonobacter robiniae
s__Alistipes sp018065435
s__Polycyclovorans algicola
s__Parafrankia discariae
s__RUG11788 sp017436345
s__CACNRH01 sp002692325
s__Veillonella agrestimuris
s__Treponema_D sp024402655
s__Hutsoniella sourekii
s__Pristimantibacillus sp001280845
s__Pseudobacillus aerolatus
s__JAUVQV01 sp030597995
s__JAMLIA01 sp023954495
s__Enterousia sp017443235
s__CAIZWN01 sp937975765
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934693135
s__JALHOQ01 sp019637855
s__Lutimonas sp003973375
s__JAFGFY01 sp016930795
s__GCA-022846635 sp022846635
s__JADLDM01 sp020846695
s__Parafrankia elaeagni
s__VIKH01 sp008080515
s__Sinomonas atrocyanea_A
s__Pelagibacter sp902635745
s__Palsa-1150 sp937998045
s__Lactobacillus sp930989465
s__Kutzneria kofuensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902595105
s__JAJFUI01 sp021372555
s__Merdiplasma sp934371475
s__UBA10349 sp029246505
s__Rhodoferax_C bucti
s__Streptomyces mangrovisoli
s__UMGS1491 sp945926705
s__UBA1755 sp018066045
s__JABMNX01 sp026195275
s__UBA1430 sp002329465
s__Limivicinus sp017627975
s__Tahibacter sp946480705
s__Ralstonia sp002298975
s__Levilactobacillus paucivorans
s__Telluria oculi
s__JAISLV01 sp031273645
s__JAAYSO01 sp012521405
s__Vreelandella nanhaiensis
s__GCA-2748265 sp002748265
s__Runella salmonicolor
s__Rubritalea sp023301335
s__UBA3913 sp015654475
s__Hymenobacter rigui
s__JAGUXE01 sp020061995
s__UBA2256 sp002428725
s__Sulfuricella sp028713975
s__Bifidobacterium sp029433295
s__Firm-16 sp017620475
s__ER46 sp025352845
s__Winogradskyella vidalii
s__AG41 sp003220905
s__Telluria antibiotica
s__GCA-2724215 sp021295675
s__Aureispira sp937139495
s__Nibricoccus aquaticus
s__Microbacterium sp003476465
s__UBA2868 sp030531435
s__RGIG1681 sp017507215
s__SIG274 sp015057875
s__JAJDTR01 sp022827055
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016715995
s__Alloprevotella sp030532685
s__Porcipelethomonas sp022788225
s__GWB1-55-8 sp001769835
s__Pantoea sp016625195
s__GCA-002840305 sp002840305
s__UBA11600 sp002714165
s__F1-120-MAGs023 sp025360585
s__Brachybacterium sp014400405
s__Amycolatopsis granulosa
s__JAOUPR01 sp029879725
s__Rubrivivax sp016223165
s__JAGXRU01 sp018335765
s__JACQTH01 sp016210935
s__JAGOUA01 sp937968025
s__Aliikangiella marina
s__Deinococcus_A yavapaiensis
s__Marinirhabdus rasia
s__Hyphobacterium sp021604625
s__Shinella zoogloeoides_C
s__Silvibacterium sp019232935
s__Faecousia sp947367115
s__JAISQF01 sp031274365
s__Pelagibacter sp902569105
s__FMMP01 sp937981575
s__Halorhodospira abdelmalekii
s__JAISUC01 sp031272275
s__CALKYB01 sp938022485
s__CALRFC01 sp943356395
s__UBA1740 sp017652965
s__JABAAY01 sp014238225
s__VXNF01 sp026713745
s__JAQTNM01 sp028713875
s__ZLKRG08 sp023260175
s__CAIYYX01 sp023258955
s__Parabacteroides sp949289155
s__Paenibacillus_A woosongensis_A
s__SURF-23 sp016214845
s__JAGDMS01 sp017860575
s__JAHFSE01 sp023265895
s__Chryseobacterium populi
s__Cellulomonas fimi_B
s__Anoxybacillus_A amylolyticus
s__Streptococcus sp905221355
s__Mesorhizobium sangaii
s__JAGOUN01 sp018061255
s__Aquimonas sp014946745
s__JAUSIF01 sp025929595
s__Streptomyces sp024612035
s__JAEZDC01 sp023386555
s__RGIG1017 sp017390225
s__AG-12 sp021817185
s__Mycobacterium sp937941905
s__F23-D06 sp017554325
s__JAAXTX01 sp013334245
s__Mycobacterium sp001668625
s__UMGS1052 sp015063785
s__JAJDTT01 sp028874215
s__Ventrenecus sp946490195
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp023409975
s__Erythrobacter sp947498065
s__UBA7672 sp903831255
s__Arcticimaribacter sp011526335
s__CAKZHE01 sp936920195
s__OHK22 sp013538855
s__Rhizobium_C sp945952045
s__JAFGPJ01 sp016936275
s__SHUM01 sp009691245
s__Sediminibacterium sp937911175
s__Salinicoccus sp001265075
s__Quinella sp947304355
s__Bacillus_BM sp000181495
s__JAALLB01 sp937951455
s__Tokpelaia_A sp003331045
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp025360285
s__Microsaccharimonas sp946480535
s__UBA11358 sp903847285
s__UBA4372 sp019420585
s__AC-21 sp005884945
s__UBA1847 sp022563255
s__HRBIN29 sp002898215
s__CAISSD01 sp903887975
s__CACLCV01 sp029979505
s__RZYX01 sp031254555
s__Caproiciproducens sp012517675
s__Sulfotelmatobacter kueseliae
s__Bipolaricaulis sp014361015
s__UBA1444 sp012798135
s__Fimimonas sp947625115
s__CAG-196 sp024408855
s__IGN2 sp016716565
s__UBA4116 sp020860805
s__JABLXZ01 sp013177935
s__Trinickia diaoshuihuensis
s__JALTID01 sp027004335
s__JADJRK01 sp020849795
s__JJ008 sp016786805
s__JACQHM01 sp016199025
s__Telluria horti
s__JAHFDQ01 sp023248915
s__Ornithomonoglobus_A sp944390955
s__CAKSQF01 sp937895775
s__Gallimonas sp947589235
s__JAIRKH01 sp031264475
s__UBA3282 sp002361735
s__JAGXOH01 sp023659985
s__Litorimonas sp937923575
s__NHYN01 sp003288845
s__Ventricola sp017937505
s__Acetatifactor sp017624835
s__JAHFUJ01 sp023265105
s__RGIG6105 sp947164995
s__Enterousia sp934272785
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp945949475
s__Billgrantia gudaonensis
s__Oceanithermus sp027061925
s__Pseudidiomarina sp023260975
s__E4-135 sp030531205
s__GCA-001735895 sp021767985
s__S141-38 sp021648145
s__Kibdelosporangium persicum
s__AG11 sp014378185
s__GCA001735715 sp029238515
s__Nocardioides sp013155375
s__Puniceicoccus sp002388665
s__GCA-2737725 sp016793005
s__Stella sp020852355
s__UBA2264 sp002347475
s__CAKKPP01 sp919901745
s__JAJQCI01 sp021200955
s__Phenylobacterium sp002256425
s__Palsa-881 sp025352165
s__Streptococcus mitis_M
s__UBA7960 sp002402465
s__UBA2206 sp030654225
s__Mobilitalea sp029240245
s__Thalassobius vesicularis
s__JAIRKI01 sp031269915
s__Allosphingosinicella flava
s__BNYG01 sp026000155
s__Arachnia sp020687685
s__JAGOUG01 sp018061375
s__UBA6857 sp017436375
s__SLDF01 sp007125435
s__Dyella_C silvatica
s__WTGU01 sp022820945
s__RGIG6816 sp024408015
s__Usitatibacter rugosus
s__JAQRMX01 sp028599125
s__Lysobacter sp003367355
s__UBA3857 sp017509785
s__Bin94 sp028873825
s__AC-16 sp005884575
s__JAAZPG01 sp016931595
s__JALTHG01 sp027004315
s__JAIOUW01 sp027474825
s__JACRJW01 sp023246355
s__JAAYKT01 sp012522255
s__Rhodococcus sp002091955
s__JACOXO01 sp016182365
s__Dokdonia sp003095655
s__Bin87 sp022823505
s__Paenibacillus_S sp000686845
s__Flavobacterium sp002360925
s__JANZZL01 sp026419405
s__PGZG01 sp029210325
s__JAQUKH01 sp028719205
s__Aliarcobacter sp028690445
s__Pseudogemmobacter humi
s__Faecousia sp017436035
s__Prevotella sp022511065
s__Sphingomonas sp018449795
s__JAGHQT01 sp017744155
s__JAQUYX01 sp028691615
s__Granulicella elongata
s__Kaistella chaponensis
s__Gallimonas sp947632505
s__Pelagibacter sp902588855
s__JAAEUB01 sp027082975
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp029237775
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp027452045
s__Pseudohongiella sp002422225
s__UBA9973 sp018816985
s__CAIUPE01 sp947455725
s__JAHWJQ01 sp019348305
s__Maricaulis sp947259345
s__JAFDXR01 sp018267825
s__JALRJW01 sp023268955
s__Paracoccus onubensis_A
s__Pseudoroseomonas deserti
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404325
s__CAIVQB01 sp903922605
s__Acuticoccus sp030431335
s__RUG14515 sp017551465
s__TCS55 sp002704905
s__G020344375 sp947581845
s__JAGUXE01 sp030684555
s__Beduini sp018365815
s__Arsukibacterium tuosuense
s__JAEWVQ01 sp023459095
s__GCA-001735895 sp022563685
s__Pantoea wallisii
s__OLB19 sp030430425
s__Tidjanibacter sp949284665
s__CAJXMS01 sp913056475
s__Noviherbaspirillum aerium
s__Campylobacter_A sp938045625
s__Cryobacterium sp030063145
s__JACPZA01 sp016195715
s__B33-G16 sp030633645
s__JAFGJF01 sp016929205
s__JACQJM01 sp016205045
s__UBA10427 sp003500135
s__Allochristensenella sp019415425
s__UBA1573 sp002421905
s__NORP309 sp016744455
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp016875015
s__GCA-2714055 sp002714055
s__Hominimerdicola sp017484095
s__VMFR01 sp030648715
s__Cryosericum sp026390195
s__JADJWK01 sp016716405
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031275175
s__RAAP-2 sp021784205
s__JAAWPK01 sp947629835
s__Acinetobacter sp030674635
s__UBA1784 sp017457065
s__Lacunisphaera sp009695095
s__GCA-002862325 sp002709295
s__UBA6985 sp946410555
s__Paludibacter sp016937795
s__Treponema_D sp016297415
s__JACPDT01 sp016183865
s__JACQZG01 sp030646035
s__Villigracilis sp016234535
s__CANLSM01 sp947494445
s__JAISIL01 sp031262035
s__Collinsella sp905215115
s__Rubrivivax sp016789865
s__Thiobacillus sp020057245
s__SOJT01 sp030602105
s__Eperythrozoon_A haematolamae
s__JACPDD01 sp016184205
s__QFOX01 sp003241645
s__Cryptobacteroides sp020026355
s__Paenibacillus agri
s__UBA1784 sp015061525
s__Flemingibacterium sp022791685
s__CAG-115 sp934446355
s__SZUA-451 sp029933395
s__AG-337-I02 sp902511405
s__UBA3792 sp017388175
s__Pantoea ludwigii_A
s__Mxb001 sp029977425
s__Gordonia alkaliphila
s__JAIRRL01 sp031255985
s__WHSQ01 sp009380005
s__JAKLGL01 sp022710645
s__Novosphingobium sp001519055
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902565305
s__Megaera typhi_A
s__JAIELD01 sp025351165
s__JAJDCH01 sp029260965
s__JAHJSA01 sp018830645
s__Halobacillus_A naozhouensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp028875915
s__QNYK01 sp028825265
s__C7867-001 sp024653825
s__JAJQCI01 sp947630725
s__Collinsella sp947642445
s__Paenibacillus wynnii
s__GCA-2718715 sp002718715
s__Sodaliphilus sp017453505
s__CALXAZ01 sp944386395
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009861525
s__Pseudoscilispira sp947647695
s__UBA3478 sp018623655
s__Collinsella sp027669525
s__JAGOBP01 sp030834835
s__Prosthecobacter sp017301975
s__CAG-448 sp017504625
s__Bog-756 sp017883065
s__Campylobacter_E sp026616895
s__M55B127 sp021736965
s__Mycoplasma_M iguanae
s__Traorella sp945919165
s__Propionivibrio sp031279425
s__Endolissoclinum faulkneri
s__Palsa-881 sp019232665
s__Campylobacter_D sp006864365
s__DFXE01 sp031273385
s__Aquabacterium sp937923225
s__VGIY01 sp016867695
s__Halarcobacter mediterraneus
s__Bifidobacterium sp029395475
s__Streptococcus equinus_D
s__Pleionea sp031198435
s__JAGVPS01 sp020052135
s__Ramlibacter lithotrophicus
s__Methyloglobulus sp003155565
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902781765
s__Rhodoferax_A sp030123545
s__JAADGE01 sp024762915
s__GCA-2730855 sp902514295
s__AP-15 sp019237175
s__Bog-105 sp030853405
s__JASEHE01 sp030018915
s__Paracoccus sp030538655
s__Leucobacter insecticola
s__JAHEBU01 sp024642115
s__AV40 sp021324035
s__JACPDS01 sp016183885
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp023653145
s__Terriglobus sp903642225
s__RUG12372 sp017619685
s__UBA2463 sp016868305
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp015665415
s__Palauibacter sp022360695
s__SIG307 sp937895705
s__Mariniflexile gromovii
s__Friedmanniella luteola
s__UBA2918 sp017534535
s__JANXQE01 sp025356925
s__JAACEU01 sp011682355
s__Palsa-187 sp021325175
s__JAFAHS01 sp021323675
s__PWPS01 sp003557065
s__Microvirga vignae
s__Coproplasma sp947176485
s__Scatovivens sp948436975
s__Nanogingivalis sp030530825
s__UBA1213 sp902772895
s__CALBIE01 sp937893495
s__Staphylococcus sp013463155
s__Rhizobium sp017741935
s__Streptococcus pacificus
s__Novisyntrophococcus fermenticellae
s__UBA987 sp017640445
s__Pseudogemmobacter sp016405985
s__Aquaticitalea sp023156585
s__JAHEJT01 sp024638765
s__Ferruginibacter sp947461645
s__Microbacter margulisiae
s__JAIRMY01 sp031284295
s__CAG-590 sp017439675
s__ZC4RG30 sp003242275
s__JAACET01 sp011682385
s__GCA-002694895 sp009391605
s__SIG459 sp015068425
s__JABFGF01 sp024277115
s__Bacillus_BZ kexueae
s__Verticiella sp023228945
s__QKMZ01 sp013823055
s__Methylobacterium sp028583545
s__Alistipes sp017481145
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp021737565
s__JAIRKV01 sp031275825
s__Roseovarius aestuariivivens
s__Blastococcus atacamensis
s__JAHEKD01 sp028284225
s__Draconibacterium sp021648495
s__M55B144 sp913009415
s__Pedobacter sp015655115
s__JAGRBY01 sp020634935
s__UBA3291 sp025997135
s__Roseinatronobacter sp020667835
s__WHTN01 sp009377715
s__UBA1738 sp015068545
s__Pelagibacter sp902601785
s__Psychrobacter vallis
s__JAISHW01 sp031262365
s__AAA536-G10 sp902625215
s__Actinotalea bogoriensis
s__Limivicinus sp017477695
s__PSRF01 sp030841085
s__REEB76 sp021779005
s__Hespellia stercorisuis
s__Zobellella_E iuensis
s__DUMJ01 sp014360335
s__JADMIL01 sp027403435
s__JAIYAX01 sp027488815
s__JAABTG01 sp011389995
s__Faecousia sp947626085
s__JALOLT01 sp025455775
s__JACRHO01 sp016212045
s__Terriglobus aquaticus
s__UBA3789 sp934131175
s__Limivicinus sp944385705
s__CALXRO01 sp031284025
s__Anoxybacter fermentans
s__Egerieisoma sp017522515
s__CFX2 sp026645945
s__Alkalibacillus salilacus
s__Pseudoduganella chitinolytica
s__Flavobacterium sp004119495
s__JADKDL01 sp016714605
s__Microbacterium sp003524435
s__Sediminibacterium sp030695065
s__CAJYOV01 sp913774795
s__JALYRS01 sp030855135
s__SM23-42 sp020343595
s__Asticcacaulis sp030027245
s__GCA-002050365 sp030948995
s__Microbacterium sp902706225
s__Mahella australiensis
s__HGM12713 sp937893945
s__Thermanaeromonas sp021890735
s__Paludibacter sp937897985
s__Slackia sp944321625
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013286985
s__Psychroflexus sp003564185
s__Deinococcus terrestris
s__Gemmobacter_B sp013824045
s__Hydrocarboniphaga effusa
s__UBA6899 sp002451235
s__Streptococcus oralis_BT
s__VFKI01 sp009885665
s__Succinivibrio sp017635415
s__Runella sp023254175
s__Sulfitobacter sp009363555
s__01-FULL-45-10b sp016206945
s__JAISAF01 sp031266855
s__BPJB01 sp026004395
s__Ch109 sp013178275
s__Herbidospora yilanensis
s__Mycobacterium sp019247615
s__BM516 sp016928515
s__SCTT01 sp016196755
s__SYFI01 sp945861935
s__Phaeospirillum marisnigri
s__Anaerotignum sp028710085
s__Methylotenera_A sp021732365
s__JAGHCO01 sp030607715
s__UBA9942 sp001805005
s__JAIRNH01 sp031282285
s__Levilinea sp029975215
s__Pseudonocardia hierapolitana
s__Pseudazoarcus sp013911595
s__Bin65 sp011523655
s__Jiangella ureilytica
s__Drouetiella sp016208305
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp002721755
s__HK-STAS-PATE-42 sp029781075
s__Bact-08 sp002842465
s__Prevotella sp017412705
s__Desulfothermus sp027064715
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017460625
s__Sulfurimonas autotrophica_A
s__Neisseria sp001308015
s__Litorimonas cladophorae
s__UBA8949 sp003532195
s__JACPFC01 sp016183175
s__DYEP01 sp020725675
s__UBA10103 sp016217975
s__JACKFM01 sp020632475
s__Azovibrio sp031273145
s__Aquabacterium sp030654395
s__SB25 sp029560875
s__UBA954 sp018969705
s__RGIG8607 sp017624115
s__JAJRYM01 sp024275775
s__UMGS1994 sp947588885
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_S
s__UBA2645_A sp945865905
s__AR31 sp003221615
s__TMED62 sp902527765
s__VGDZ01 sp016869515
s__JJ008 sp016235125
s__JADKFD01 sp022841325
s__CAKSQL01 sp934463455
s__Sulfuricella sp028714315
s__Chamaesiphon sp025359915
s__V1-33 sp027486335
s__Allobaculum sp014803815
s__Bordetella_B ansorpii
s__Enterousia sp934230415
s__Knoellia sinensis
s__Nocardiopsis sp030766825
s__UMGS1781 sp947628475
s__Dysosmobacter sp949959305
s__AcAMD-5 sp009704345
s__Pelagibacter sp902512765
s__Streptomyces sp002846415
s__Bacillus_AZ sp001273925
s__Caccousia sp944383955
s__REEB354 sp028869385
s__Limivicinus sp024697625
s__JJ008 sp017303455
s__JAIFMY01 sp020048155
s__UBA5189 sp016200675
s__Porphyromonas_A sp030532365
s__Pelagibacter sp905612435
s__Aquella sp003962985
s__UBA5436 sp012518845
s__Pelagibacter sp902597725
s__Capnocytophaga sp937936315
s__Methylobacterium sp019750675
s__SAR86A sp902517425
s__JAJQEJ01 sp020860545
s__Cyrtobacter zanobii
s__Agromyces sp001421565
s__Campylobacter_B sp938045345
s__Hydromicrobium sp030611285
s__RUG369 sp017435375
s__Vibrio marinisediminis
s__NK4A136 sp937901625
s__BOG-935 sp018135625
s__Variovorax sp902506565
s__Ghiorsea sp030950835
s__Pelagibacter sp902560625
s__CAMCTP01 sp947424985
s__JAURVT01 sp030655315
s__Acidihalobacter yilgarnensis
s__Waterburya minor
s__Sphingomonas_M formosensis
s__UBA1672 sp002401965
s__UBA5314 sp002410325
s__RYN-111 sp025966135
s__Faecousia sp015067565
s__Streptococcus infantis_C
s__Shewanella marina
s__Cfx3-03 sp030706265
s__Nitrosococcus watsonii
s__CALLMJ01 sp938006875
s__UBA4372 sp947304115
s__Cohnella zeiphila
s__Draconibacterium sp003516705
s__Methylophilus sp015354345
s__JAQTTB01 sp028710985
s__SZUA-36 sp014238945
s__Arachnia sp030532825
s__Anaerococcus marasmi
s__JAHBWV01 sp963204725
s__MSPOR6 sp012270795
s__Sabulitectum sp029938555
s__Nocardia sp019038435
s__JAAEPZ01 sp024231955
s__Sphingomonas sp030824725
s__SYFN01 sp947487325
s__Aquimarina sp947496355
s__SICJ01 sp009691505
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp016234705
s__Paraburkholderia sp021390495
s__Eubacterium_R sp946531445
s__UBA8783 sp937961665
s__UMGS1663 sp948664205
s__SXXZ01 sp903858835
s__Paludibacter sp003250325
s__JAJXVA01 sp027459285
s__Streptomyces sp024519455
s__Methylobacterium sp020662345
s__Prevotella sp017509155
s__JAOZMT01 sp029934175
s__Roseovarius sp023260815
s__JAITIJ01 sp031273665
s__Chitinophaga eiseniae
s__UBA1547 sp015655045
s__Halioglobus sp030591305
s__CAKOTZ01 sp934120395
s__JAGLWV01 sp030673995
s__UBA1049 sp002841455
s__C7867-002 sp903864905
s__CAG-269 sp934167225
s__GCA-001735895 sp030066085
s__UBA4582 sp013204195
s__Collinsella sp902478935
s__Aridibacter sp030859345
s__Cytophaga aurantiaca
s__JAITEX01 sp031281765
s__JANQGO01 sp028277285
s__SIG440 sp017409575
s__JACQFX01 sp016199835
s__Saccharicenans sp028749205
s__Acinetobacter sp030152275
s__CAG-1024 sp017556125
s__Fimenecus sp022508785
s__XYD2-FULL-39-9 sp016182085
s__Sphingomonas gilva
s__Kappaea sp030632085
s__Occallatibacter sp030042915
s__VBCK01 sp019236735
s__UBA3792 sp937915925
s__UBA5972 sp013151535
s__Occallatibacter sp031296165
s__Limnohabitans sp947458415
s__Streptococcus sp946902905
s__Aquella sp020697255
s__Paenalcaligenes sp937995985
s__VFJL01 sp945860135
s__RUG11247 sp023421735
s__UMGS995 sp947643295
s__AG-422-B15 sp902518415
s__CS2-K091 sp013349615
s__Nocardia mikamii
s__Eubacterium_R sp022511205
s__RUG11194 sp947165235
s__Brevibacterium permense_A
s__Aestuariimicrobium sp025144225
s__JADGBA01 sp015231685
s__Rhodopseudomonas sp010907035
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902536085
s__CAITIQ01 sp013361525
s__Azovibrio sp031267345
s__DSUN01 sp016872855
s__JABDJM01 sp937928045
s__MGBC100798 sp947038565
s__Corynebacterium gallinarum
s__UBA6065 sp028866595
s__Aquabacterium_A pictum_A
s__CAKZJW01 sp937120495
s__HRBIN16 sp025054895
s__JAIRLS01 sp031287245
s__Desulfotignum sp011390635
s__Paenibacillus forsythiae
s__PNKZ01 sp021413845
s__Isoalcanivorax indicus
s__JACDFN01 sp013815775
s__JAACPI01 sp009995545
s__CAMCZU01 sp945888065
s__Pumilibacter sp949744905
s__Pelagibacter sp902555655
s__Pleomorphomonas sp021864535
s__SIG200 sp947624695
s__Halovulum marinum
s__JALHNM01 sp022843485
s__JAFGMS01 sp016928235
s__Saccharomonospora_A amisosensis
s__JACPNR01 sp030774055
s__Methylotuvimicrobium sp018830325
s__QHYU01 sp016201215
s__JAISJH01 sp031288675
s__Blastococcus litoris
s__Novosphingobium ovatum
s__HIMB11 sp000472185
s__JANQMK01 sp028280085
s__VGWJ01 sp016873635
s__Beduini sp020025035
s__Steroidobacter_A sp016790065
s__Litorimonas porphyrae
s__DSAU01 sp011046315
s__Desulfohalovibrio sp022839785
s__Aliidiomarina soli
s__JAEWZO01 sp023458415
s__CANMND01 sp947499155
s__Pelagibacterium sediminicola
s__CALMWE01 sp937873795
s__CALMEC01 sp937871165
s__LCOC01 sp001000545
s__Alloacidobacterium sp009765985
s__Villigracilis sp016219545
s__Streptomyces bungoensis
s__UBA3774 sp902783095
s__RGIG3586 sp017450025
s__Cetobacterium_A sp014250675
s__Suilimivivens sp030524555
s__Kushneria sp947497025
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp021323165
s__Nocardioides seonyuensis
s__UBA6857 sp934552855
s__Rossellomorea sp002563655
s__JAISJS01 sp031261385
s__CAJXQU01 sp026984775
s__Acetivibrio cellulolyticus
s__RBG-16-57-11 sp001795165
s__UBA3006 sp018969685
s__AR31 sp003221655
s__UBA967 sp009886045
s__Deinococcus aquaedulcis
s__WRKR01 sp009782175
s__CAJCBL01 sp016711225
s__SMXP01 sp004356335
s__VGIO01 sp016867855
s__WTJY01 sp020631655
s__Aquella sp027371515
s__Collibacillus ludicampi
s__AC2028 sp017962825
s__Arthrobacter sp024741795
s__XYB12-FULL-38-5 sp027347545
s__Archangium sp024623785
s__Spirosoma sp025351545
s__UBA1006 sp027028225
s__Shinella sp020535545
s__CAG-196 sp902782905
s__AG-337-I02 sp902518895
s__QANA01 sp944347775
s__JAAYUH01 sp029553255
s__JAQTOJ01 sp028713395
s__JAADEQ01 sp027034975
s__JADGIC01 sp019683615
s__UBA6176 sp027489875
s__JAILEN01 sp024684155
s__CAG-452 sp947629965
s__Leisingera methylohalidivorans
s__Spirochaeta_F isovalerica
s__SXVE01 sp025463125
s__RF16 sp017649925
s__Terrisporobacter sp029851945
s__Agathobacter sp029227035
s__JANWIC01 sp025450075
s__Pedobacter chinensis
s__JAIRMO01 sp031258625
s__DUPP01 sp012838265
s__AG-363-K07 sp913041805
s__Acidihalobacter_A ferrooxydans
s__Spyradenecus sp030535915
s__Prevotella muris_A
s__Bin22 sp028874075
s__Baia soyae
s__JACCRY01 sp013817115
s__Thioflavicoccus mobilis
s__JALSIF01 sp026981635
s__UBA1784 sp949298075
s__UBA6821 sp003136515
s__Komagataeibacter kakiaceti
s__SZUA-368 sp016936115
s__Vibrio ziniensis
s__UBA3015 sp947442065
s__UBA2232 sp002348045
s__BMS3BBIN04 sp020444425
s__UBA955 sp023258655
s__UBA4778 sp002403175
s__UBA6078 sp016934695
s__Aureliella sp020846515
s__MB11C04 sp028045305
s__RGIG7179 sp017537495
s__Actinoplanes flavus
s__MWCK01 sp023229485
s__UBA2357 sp016790005
s__UMGS882 sp905235695
s__Ichthyenterobacterium magnum
s__DUOV01 sp012838615
s__Robiginitalea sp937136025
s__BP-197 sp030840585
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023436485
s__Novosphingobium sp028870315
s__Tumebacillus amylolyticus
s__JASBRU01 sp030149285
s__CAIVPM01 sp025363355
s__UBA7477 sp947630555
s__Campylobacter_B sp937981295
s__S010-51 sp027047735
s__JAJACQ01 sp022601435
s__Ignatzschineria sp030151245
s__Sphingobacterium sp000988325
s__CANMUM01 sp947501025
s__JAUIME01 sp030433195
s__JADJSS01 sp028288625
s__BS750m-G79 sp016782445
s__Methylobacterium sp022829405
s__UMGS911 sp948467545
s__CAG-882 sp934351925
s__UBA1740 sp945920215
s__JAFGNN01 sp016926955
s__RUG11864 sp017934115
s__Tharpella sp030640695
s__GCA-2711625 sp002711625
s__F23-D06 sp937901455
s__Butyribacter sp949841235
s__Palauibacter australiensis
s__JACKII01 sp029978325
s__Leucobacter sp945952575
s__DAHUXN01 sp030037355
s__JACOXT01 sp016182235
s__Hydrogenophaga intermedia_C
s__Bin55 sp026707735
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031260965
s__Bog-950 sp016722375
s__Microbacterium sp947647645
s__Polaribacter sp949519155
s__Desulfurivibrio sp004332195
s__28-YEA-48 sp945875875
s__Bifidobacterium coagulans
s__JAKLEM01 sp022711655
s__JAEEJN01 sp016281935
s__Marmoricola_A caldifontis
s__Sphaerochaeta sp023228445
s__JAEURO01 sp016788345
s__WLXD01 sp029263295
s__UBA10799 sp946803585
s__GCA-2696965 sp002171975
s__JALSHZ01 sp026981985
s__Rhodoglobus sp019443965
s__JACMQX01 sp014376765
s__Agarilytica rhodophyticola
s__UBA737 sp017559885
s__Hymenobacter sp000715495
s__JAKQBR01 sp029574005
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944375765
s__JACDBZ01 sp013694645
s__Faecousia sp946539175
s__JALUTW01 sp027021685
s__CADDZP01 sp902812475
s__UBA2475 sp937868565
s__Anaplasma ovis
s__GCA-020348065 sp020348065
s__M55B182 sp018399255
s__Rhodoluna sp026393335
s__Symbiopectobacterium marcescens_A
s__RGIG2479 sp017433195
s__Ventricola sp944362695
s__Eperythrozoon_A wenyonii_C
s__Haloimpatiens massiliensis
s__Nitrosomonas sp022836435
s__Streptococcus sp001814775
s__B1Sed10-166 sp003552985
s__Solirubrum puertoriconensis
s__JACQZJ01 sp016213895
s__Corynebacterium sp001942345
s__UBA967 sp026398285
s__RGEC01 sp016872175
s__Ferrimonas sp019801015
s__JACPDH01 sp023700825
s__JAKLHB01 sp022710345
s__Terasakiella sp004564135
s__Onthocola_B sp944363655
s__Wujia sp015057525
s__Atlantibacter hermannii_A
s__AG-337-I02 sp902610845
s__Firm-04 sp946188175
s__SPDF01 sp022710485
s__Sulfurovum sp002085305
s__CANRGD01 sp947632735
s__UBA1275 sp002348545
s__JAKSDA01 sp022360315
s__Actinomarina sp902628045
s__JAIETH01 sp019745315
s__Amphritriteisimkania amoebophyrae
s__ISDg sp017613595
s__JAGHAI01 sp021161555
s__Hassallia brevis
s__CALCTH01 sp937893795
s__CG2-30-53-67 sp919901565
s__Saccharofermentans sp024691325
s__Actinospica durhamensis
s__Marinobacter sp023555055
s__Pelagibacter sp902560015
s__SXYR01 sp025455365
s__Cellulomonas sp023412515
s__Microbacterium esteraromaticum_D
s__Polaromonas sp947478725
s__JACRMN01 sp021848865
s__Lepagella sp022509165
s__Acetatifactor sp024403365
s__CAKONZ01 sp934098525
s__GWB2-55-19 sp016218095
s__Lichenihabitans ramalinae
s__Zavarzinia marina
s__DTU059 sp012521615
s__SM3-B62 sp018433675
s__Spirillospora sp013372625
s__Acinetobacter rongchengensis
s__Prosthecobacter sp026397715
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_I
s__Limnohabitans_A sp002256145
s__Maribacter_A sp028882255
s__Planococcus sp028890485
s__JAFGAQ01 sp016933595
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp020696855
s__GCA-2691245 sp902567145
s__Hydrogenophilus sp026416515
s__JALGZG01 sp030639555
s__Nostoc edaphicum_A
s__RI-153 sp019637695
s__Tharpella sp024762675
s__CALUTH01 sp949288685
s__Faunimonas binzhouensis
s__Nocardioides nitrophenolicus
s__Pararheinheimera sp030824435
s__SZUA-229 sp026195255
s__Leisingera aquimarina
s__Sphingobium sp022664535
s__Planktothricoides sp011390955
s__Actinocorallia sp020991275
s__Stercorousia sp944325005
s__SpSt-205 sp026003235
s__Rhodococcus sp030056815
s__DSM-44207 sp900101335
s__JAJFUA01 sp021372635
s__JAABYK01 sp011775825
s__JAGVLG01 sp020054325
s__Streptomyces sp001746365
s__2-01-FULL-40-13 sp016206365
s__CAIKLQ01 sp009695195
s__Scatosoma sp017462985
s__JAMLID01 sp023954355
s__Marinicella sp008501575
s__Aquabacterium sp005502875
s__Bacillus_AV solimangrovi
s__JASJDU01 sp030065015
s__Fuerstiella marisgermanici
s__Demequina sp002090135
s__Hydrocarboniphaga sp023254435
s__Paralactobacillus_A gallistercoris
s__Treponema_D sp947165795
s__UBA5799 sp030583865
s__Desulfocapsa sp029934815
s__SZUA-451 sp003646525
s__Arthrobacter_D sp000520555
s__JAQUAA01 sp028687495
s__Microvirga puerhi
s__JAHIZU01 sp018814265
s__LD21 sp026391555
s__Caballeronia sp023630705
s__JAIRZO01 sp031288225
s__Aureivirga sp015767245
s__Cupriavidus gilardii_D
s__Thiobacillus sp019911765
s__JABDPQ01 sp013042695
s__SYIM01 sp016868375
s__Sodaliphilus sp902774055
s__JAFDHS01 sp019308655
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003282225
s__Lientehia sp030053595
s__JAUNDF01 sp030526225
s__Sabulitectum sp016744855
s__DTU030 sp012841005
s__Dyella kyungheensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902554995
s__JAGQMT01 sp020428565
s__Onthocola_B sp934096125
s__DSSB01 sp030263375
s__CAG-793 sp017510245
s__JADZEH01 sp020850635
s__UBA5195 sp903846015
s__UBA9611 sp022571575
s__Cerasicoccus frondis
s__RBG-16-71-46 sp001780165
s__Sulfuritalea sp026399435
s__MAG-120802 sp018882885
s__Caccovivens sp944384475
s__Bog-375 sp003164035
s__Legionella sp937871865
s__UBA12403 sp020052445
s__UBA3855 sp017430465
s__BMS3Bbin11 sp030636465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017530725
s__UBA8130 sp003509305
s__Rhizobium hainanense
s__Stammera capleta_J
s__Anaerosphaera sp946403255
s__UBA1547 sp004322265
s__Leisingera sp000813745
s__WQTQ01 sp009786175
s__Quinella sp017529935
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019656335
s__WFYJ01 sp026982695
s__Neomegalonema sp028688855
s__SURF-3 sp027858815
s__Streptomyces sp020176795
s__Aegiribacteria sp030600545
s__Thiomicrospira pelophila
s__Chthonobacter albigriseus
s__Collinsella sp958372035
s__JANSYS01 sp024742275
s__GCA-2747695 sp020740485
s__Methylotenera oryzisoli_B
s__Blautia_A sp017420455
s__Alistipes sp017555545
s__Dysosmobacter sp945873695
s__Winogradskyella sp004211785
s__JACIWR01 sp014360845
s__CAG-269 sp902462295
s__Bin94 sp951828585
s__Jiangella endophytica
s__Pelagibacter sp902592965
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025465035
s__Streptococcus sp008727815
s__Saccharimonas sp937974295
s__Zwartia sp947445495
s__Bin94 sp026706635
s__Faecisoma sp944372195
s__UBA5066 sp002414905
s__NIES-981 sp016882525
s__ETH-SRB1 sp030593145
s__Palsa-187 sp025350625
s__Bog-950 sp018262795
s__RGIG8775 sp017621015
s__Buchnera aphidicola_P
s__Proteiniphilum sp012728155
s__Fictibacillus halophilus
s__Aquisalinus sp022763115
s__Plantactinospora soyae
s__Companilactobacillus sp937874185
s__JANWHZ01 sp025450135
s__JAVDDU01 sp030848505
s__UBA6055 sp026706395
s__UBA10103 sp030647655
s__Gallionella sp025350705
s__JAKORJ01 sp029777885
s__Psychroflexus aestuariivivens
s__Maribacter algicola
s__UBA4345 sp024401615
s__Egerieousia sp937899055
s__Pseudoroseomonas sp000245075
s__JAOPYK01 sp025964575
s__JAPLVO01 sp026397045
s__GCA-2718035 sp002718035
s__Litorivicinus lipolyticus
s__GWF2-35-9 sp001783275
s__TMED80 sp902559415
s__JAFUXM01 sp017439345
s__GCA-002733465 sp030590405
s__Nocardiopsis sp001905145
s__Patiriisocius sp913060785
s__UBA7867 sp944377415
s__Alteromonas sp015644725
s__Rhodococcus sp012726205
s__Porticoccus sp002341315
s__JAUXNL01 sp030684415
s__Lactiplantibacillus xiangfangensis
s__WREE01 sp009779515
s__UMGS1781 sp947627495
s__JAUVQD01 sp030598355
s__Scatoplasma sp028707375
s__Rubrobacter_D sp021156345
s__Lentimicrobium sp002426195
s__Mycobacterium tusciae_A
s__Mangrovivirga halotolerans
s__JAPLKG01 sp026388185
s__Marivariicella sp002713495
s__UBA4735 sp030774905
s__WTJD01 sp011524975
s__Gallionella sp013141315
s__Pseudemcibacter sp028281625
s__NICIL-2 sp026415505
s__JAKORJ01 sp029549985
s__CAIMNF01 sp018266375
s__CAG-269 sp948946035
s__Rubrivivax_A sp937967345
s__JALZCF01 sp030863245
s__Algicoccus sp002422175
s__Variovorax sp002157355
s__MWEI01 sp029547045
s__Planococcus sp000775575
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947447845
s__Sphingomicrobium sp026013565
s__Bradyrhizobium sp024586915
s__Treponema_D sp018064525
s__Enterousia sp014803525
s__JAHZGC01 sp019421015
s__UBA6265 sp023424355
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp947500415
s__Cryosericum sp022710025
s__JAFIFY01 sp020831765
s__Acetatifactor sp017467845
s__JAUWAE01 sp030602185
s__SIG588 sp015065865
s__Janibacter cremeus
s__Prevotella sp947169245
s__Paracoccus indicus
s__SZUA-76 sp003230195
s__Flavobacterium cyanobacteriorum
s__NBML01 sp022712835
s__Prado026 sp025455945
s__Dietzia timorensis_A
s__UBA629 sp029338875
s__Streptococcus mitis_CU
s__UBA3069 sp002366795
s__UBA9973 sp903825255
s__Butyrivibrio sp017446125
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902572395
s__Chitinispirillum sp007115975
s__Didemnitutus sp017991595
s__Fimenecus sp949292775
s__Collinsella sp902476475
s__JAHFAP01 sp023250495
s__Rariglobus sp945871005
s__WRAU01 sp009780035
s__Firm-04 sp017541275
s__Luteolibacter sp020047775
s__Micromonospora sp021442385
s__Desulfonauticus sp030950395
s__Zwartia sp013205565
s__Pelagibacter sp902527265
s__Limnohabitans_A sp945869175
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030150285
s__Lenti-02 sp001603055
s__Pelagibacter sp902623785
s__UBA2645 sp945875865
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905233755
s__Parasynechococcus sp002684175
s__Cellulomonas humilata_A
s__UBA1259 sp017621955
s__RUG11142 sp944385195
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902615435
s__Jeotgalicoccus saudimassiliensis
s__Spirosoma panaciterrae
s__CATQHD01 sp958295745
s__GCA-2708415 sp018608245
s__RGIG8773 sp947625915
s__Ramlibacter tataouinensis
s__Hymenobacter sp001596155
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017962705
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp007280315
s__Janibacter limosus
s__JADNYK01 sp002813285
s__CAKSHC01 sp937892635
s__JAOUPJ01 sp029879945
s__UBA6140 sp002842255
s__JAPLKZ01 sp026387835
s__Argonema antarcticum
s__PALSA-747 sp003151395
s__UBA4733 sp937967325
s__UBA636 sp030523555
s__Afipia sp016201045
s__Janibacter cremeus_A
s__Occallatibacter sp002307235
s__Celeribacter persicus
s__BJGX01 sp014191035
s__Streptococcus oralis_CB
s__CAIPTY01 sp016650295
s__Actinophytocola gossypii
s__Loktanella sp018263905
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005879675
s__JAUASW01 sp030345705
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017473555
s__Pelagibacter sp902629075
s__GW928-bin9 sp004296785
s__Sulfuricella sp023266195
s__S140-43 sp026982215
s__DTYX01 sp012961655
s__Enterenecus sp947629975
s__RACS-045 sp947246685
s__UBA10092 sp030646675
s__Treponema_D sp017395545
s__Roseovarius spongiae
s__JABWAJ01 sp937926205
s__JAHIUP01 sp018816925
s__WYBL01 sp025994075
s__UBA1312 sp020846105
s__UBA10347 sp937941245
s__Paucihalobacter sp018402135
s__Hymenobacter chitinivorans
s__Kitasatospora sp002300355
s__Sodaliphilus sp902772455
s__AG-409-J16 sp003215655
s__Enterousia sp949283535
s__UBA1770 sp017451045
s__UBA9959 sp030651035
s__SpSt-501 sp025454255
s__Tannerella sp031288935
s__Streptococcus sp905221375
s__JACDOI01 sp017656145
s__Marinococcus luteus
s__JAGWBS01 sp029261925
s__Telmatospirillum sp009712185
s__Nitrospira_A sp024998705
s__BS750m-G4 sp016783945
s__Lactiplantibacillus herbarum
s__Novosphingobium sp937996535
s__Pelagibacter sp902570545
s__JAADCZ01 sp027068235
s__Aestuariivirga sp003151375
s__Streptococcus mitis_BV
s__STB-63 sp028710275
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp947630045
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio onnuriiensis
s__Phnomibacter sp024643625
s__JAGVKI01 sp020050695
s__Sedimentibacter sp003514865
s__SIG336 sp017477805
s__Prevotella sp016901395
s__CANHGK01 sp947460235
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp934454745
s__Thermospira aquatica
s__Anaerobacillus_A sp011082085
s__Rhodopirellula solitaria
s__JAPLJA01 sp026388815
s__Alistipes sp022511355
s__Actinobacillus_C sp020026115
s__Anaerocolumna sp023391695
s__JAGYII01 sp913057225
s__Gaiellasilicea sp013813345
s__JAGRAL01 sp020434605
s__RUG572 sp017427485
s__GCA-2748055 sp002748055
s__Pelagibacter sp902611175
s__UBA724 sp029238125
s__Ventrenecus sp947625715
s__Streptococcus suis_R
s__Sanguibacter antarcticus
s__Aliivibrio wodanis
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp001275385
s__Oleispira sp913061415
s__Runella rosea
s__Vibrio salilacus
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947585605
s__Bacteroides sp946007445
s__DTU089 sp015065845
s__Comamonas_C sp963205335
s__UBA6168 sp016719855
s__PALSA-600 sp903930195
s__JAUICV01 sp030427725
s__JAFDZO01 sp937974175
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp030040525
s__Actinotalea sp023426865
s__Helicobacter_E vulpis
s__Pelagibacter sp902557155
s__Furfurilactobacillus milii_A
s__CALEKU01 sp937902745
s__RF16 sp945921355
s__Cryobacterium breve_A
s__Fimimonas sp947625725
s__Desulfogranum japonicum
s__JAKLPX01 sp022013635
s__Ornithinicoccus sp012515595
s__UMGS1387 sp017456765
s__UBA2589 sp937983085
s__J033 sp003696605
s__DRQV01 sp030378125
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210155
s__GCA-2704625 sp902579585
s__Bifidobacterium sp947252975
s__GCA-020343675 sp020343675
s__Saccharopolyspora indica
s__JAJTFW01 sp021299095
s__Prevotella sp934272845
s__HIMB59 sp027623775
s__UBA10151 sp016183245
s__ER46 sp016871775
s__VGIQ01 sp016867835
s__Oceanicola granulosus
s__Leucothrix mucor
s__Bacillus_D sp001273955
s__UBA3207 sp017534425
s__Pseudomonas_K oryzagri
s__Mucilaginibacter psychrotolerans
s__Paenibacillus_E andongensis
s__JAHQVV01 sp030425705
s__Sphingobium sp029167225
s__JAUWNS01 sp030612565
s__CAMCJU01 sp945875085
s__H5-UNCL2 sp015075175
s__CAG-177 sp017410195
s__GWC2-45-44 sp028712345
s__UBA9971 sp001784535
s__UBA8639 sp003523945
s__DYTH01 sp020726025
s__Pseudomonas_E gozinkensis
s__Mycobacterium sp017352375
s__NIC37A-2 sp023432025
s__JAAYDH01 sp023422095
s__UBA12077 sp030635365
s__VFKP01 sp009885895
s__JACPNS01 sp023404495
s__Hominilimicola sp947624485
s__UBA5436 sp012521015
s__Opitutus sp023426435
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021779895
s__Anaerosoma sp016933785
s__M55B122 sp018400565
s__CAJBLF01 sp903918675
s__AC2028 sp017479285
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902598735
s__Synechocystis sp016471375
s__JAAZGC01 sp012800735
s__SIG452 sp017468465
s__Kitasatospora indigofera
s__Bosea sp023393655
s__Hyphococcus sp021776465
s__Robertkochia sp020166495
s__Sphingomonas_G sp913775025
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902784435
s__Caulobacter segnis_D
s__UBA6181 sp016934015
s__JALGZD01 sp030622115
s__JACIXO01 sp014360385
s__Ruthenibacterium sp958403605
s__Eubacterium_F sp017614395
s__Rhodoplanes sp016793685
s__Acholeplasma granularum
s__Ventrenecus sp934098555
s__Tahibacter caeni
s__JACRIV01 sp016220005
s__JAUJNC01 sp030446525
s__Planktophila sp945860245
s__Saccharicrinis sediminis
s__Enterousia sp017960855
s__AG-337-I02 sp902577945
s__RF16 sp905233415
s__UBA4821 sp002402315
s__UBA9659 sp002711495
s__Bradyrhizobium sp027307225
s__Pararheinheimera soli
s__Brevefilum sp016841365
s__UBA9547 sp025360395
s__Desulfopila_A sp937132035
s__Luteolibacter sp025457805
s__JAUPKT01 sp030837305
s__Methylibium sp903889735
s__Gallimonas sp017507045
s__UBA1259 sp017554545
s__RUG13091 sp905236395
s__UBA4372 sp017469925
s__VXRN01 sp012270625
s__Quinella sp017515635
s__YE71 sp021199375
s__Ferruginibacter sp025352695
s__UBA636 sp017419165
s__Prevotella sp017483805
s__Pullichristensenella sp012514855
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio piezophilus
s__Paenibacillus_D sp003851045
s__Variovorax sp030317145
s__UBA5868 sp024707385
s__JASLFM01 sp030150585
s__GCA-002707645 sp002704685
s__RUG572 sp902779075
s__UBA3663 sp905235375
s__SIG427 sp902465325
s__Hymenobacter sp022919135
s__UBA6165 sp002422285
s__JAAOIH01 sp015163855
s__Bradyrhizobium sp019455385
s__JAAWPK01 sp947625685
s__Aeromicrobium choanae
s__Vibrio ishigakensis_A
s__Sporosarcina quadrami
s__Kangiella aquimarina
s__PNKE01 sp013822245
s__Leifsonia sp030433675
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_E
s__SpSt-1174 sp014762505
s__Collinsella sp019425015
s__Thalassospira sp001907695
s__JACPFE01 sp030688735
s__Alteromonas sp018100795
s__Epilithonimonas tenax
s__UBA10511 sp003508595
s__BJGN01 sp947501115
s__GCA-020345705 sp020345705
s__Lysinibacillus fusiformis_E
s__DP-20 sp005879255
s__JAHEJE01 sp024639035
s__Thermaurantiacus sp938016505
s__Angelakisella sp020025195
s__Scatosoma sp015069495
s__Nanogingivalis sp937922985
s__DRHN01 sp030673105
s__BMS3Bbin07 sp013152195
s__Lawsonibacter sp017502285
s__Methyloglobulus sp002483425
s__Acetobacterium woodii
s__UBA6663 sp002455335
s__Caccovivens sp944372465
s__JACPOT01 sp016875795
s__Nocardia sp000526215
s__Paraglaciecola arctica_B
s__DUUT01 sp012841405
s__Blautia_A sp018918125
s__Saonia sp002746415
s__VGOB01 sp020723345
s__Specibacter wenxiniae
s__UBA4722 sp021156085
s__CALGLS01 sp937921775
s__Paracoccus sp000371965
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp031260615
s__QWPN01 sp945891385
s__WRJI01 sp009778595
s__Litorivivens lipolytica
s__RUG11797 sp017547975
s__34-128 sp002849045
s__JAHDGY01 sp020631555
s__Brevundimonas sp024711185
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp015067025
s__Pelagibacter sp902606065
s__Gilvimarinus chinensis
s__Desulfogranum sp030600525
s__Alloprevotella sp017383485
s__CAKSQL01 sp934486735
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028287895
s__BPJS01 sp026004735
s__SURF-62 sp003599595
s__JAAWTG01 sp949739095
s__Gallionella sp004298605
s__WRLZ01 sp009777365
s__CAIWHR01 sp030946875
s__CAG-267 sp949297415
s__CAJXVY01 sp913056225
s__GCA-2402195 sp003963235
s__JAUVAV01 sp030635415
s__Casp-Chloro-G4 sp913046025
s__Sulfurovum sp030634925
s__Ramlibacter sp028292185
s__CAIODY01 sp947449695
s__Avilachnospira sp024405115
s__CG1-02-43-31 sp020632255
s__Basfia_A sp945915845
s__Pelagibacter sp902566775
s__JAJRXB01 sp024276515
s__Fimimonas sp017452035
s__SG8-40 sp001304425
s__JAAYLC01 sp012522045
s__Allocatelliglobosispora scoriae
s__Ruminococcus_C sp017480865
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030654635
s__SYDM01 sp016777565
s__Pseudazoarcus pumilus
s__Oribacterium sp902485915
s__JAUSII01 sp030648035
s__CANRES01 sp947625545
s__Metamycoplasma phocae
s__UBA1313 sp002307115
s__Rhodoferax_C sp008015235
s__CAMAYG01 sp945862535
s__Bacillus_BZ sp022808615
s__KACC-23026 sp029094525
s__JAHEEL01 sp029934555
s__AAA536-G10 sp902616615
s__Flavobacterium sp023427845
s__JALSTC01 sp026983935
s__WRNQ01 sp009776565
s__AaIE-18 sp019746485
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017545485
s__HK-STAS-PATE-9 sp023898485
s__RGIG8775 sp934489945
s__AG-414-E02 sp905612235
s__OLB7 sp020850315
s__RGIG3091 sp944371905
s__RUG14891 sp902803685
s__UBA4457 sp938082545
s__QHCD01 sp003244255
s__Cytobacillus depressus
s__Asticcacaulis sp946480125
s__Endozoicomonas sp947495845
s__WRDL01 sp009784095
s__WQVZ01 sp009785595
s__Thermopetrobacter sp026987255
s__M3007 sp027488935
s__UBA2912 sp946529195
s__Porticoccus sp913061305
s__Propioniciclava coleopterorum
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp007874125
s__JADJWK01 sp020431945
s__Fervidibacter sp002898575
s__CALGGB01 sp937880925
s__Ventricola sp017397695
s__CALETX01 sp937920455
s__Bartonella kosoyi
s__Thiolapillus sp027068795
s__Faecalibacterium sp944387955
s__Roseovarius gahaiensis
s__JAEUIW01 sp016794925
s__JAHWKS01 sp019347795
s__Gallimonas sp947627515
s__1-14-0-20-39-34 sp002787355
s__JAQURK01 sp028715645
s__Undibacterium sp937996605
s__JAJFHC01 sp021775805
s__JAIOHV01 sp019912885
s__Luteimonas_B profundi
s__AG-337-I02 sp902553945
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp006542425
s__UBA4417 sp015657475
s__Chitinibacter fontanus
s__Akkermansia sp937905985
s__Ruminococcus sp947624255
s__JACWAJ01 sp014874355
s__Thermicanus aegyptius
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp018241505
s__Marinoscillum furvescens
s__M30B43 sp947502965
s__CAG-448 sp015064695
s__Zag111 sp902495705
s__Luteimonas_D saliphila
s__WQXQ01 sp009777535
s__CF-154 sp005879655
s__Granulicella sp027365345
s__WRFZ01 sp031269685
s__GCA-002841655 sp002841655
s__Bin34 sp026705565
s__JAGOGN01 sp017996675
s__JABSOH01 sp020629355
s__UBA6126 sp028708485
s__Riemerella anatipestifer_E
s__Hyphococcus sp947259375
s__Deinococcus sp025362455
s__JAUJPG01 sp030447245
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017560945
s__UBA1367 sp902790135
s__Pullichristensenella sp904420265
s__Ancylobacter gelatini
s__Salinimicrobium terrae
s__Sulfuricaulis sp024654125
s__CAIKBL01 sp945861225
s__Ramlibacter tataouinensis_B
s__Aquella sp947470205
s__Onthousia sp934177545
s__LD21 sp022703405
s__Ferruginibacter sp023422565
s__AQU-01 sp018499905
s__Rubrobacter_F sp030862075
s__JAHTBL01 sp947501355
s__JAEUIX01 sp026126345
s__Methylophaga sp026319305
s__Faecousia sp015067545
s__Pasteurella sp030783905
s__Actinomyces vulturis
s__SHLQ01 sp905479685
s__Galliscardovia margollesii
s__DP-1 sp005879605
s__GCA-2707495 sp002707495
s__Erythrobacter sp030065195
s__Pullibacteroides sp014802725
s__UB1719 sp024408565
s__WRKY01 sp009777895
s__CALXXX01 sp949282845
s__Salinibacter sp003023365
s__Bifidobacterium sp012932425
s__JAFLBE01 sp023151185
s__Maricaulis sp015665295
s__MGBC124762 sp947631595
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp021776525
s__Pseudolabrys sp903891395
s__ELB16-189 sp016787625
s__Pigmentiphaga aceris
s__RUG591 sp947168405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017615135
s__Hydrogenivirga sp027079305
s__JAKVBD01 sp021232515
s__Clostridium sp022767515
s__RGIG3155 sp030528765
s__Rhodoferax sp025354965
s__SMWK01 sp027295975
s__Nonomuraea aridisoli
s__Egerieousia sp017551215
s__JACPGI01 sp016182565
s__SZUA-309 sp003247835
s__DYHP01 sp020724105
s__Limimorpha sp017651645
s__Mycobacterium sp021732005
s__Spirosoma aerolatum
s__Chromobacterium alticapitis
s__CAIMNF01 sp903845155
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp030429205
s__Sedimentibacter sp002435835
s__JAIRMY01 sp031255395
s__AaIE-18 sp016699045
s__SIG373 sp015056005
s__Hydrogenivirga sp013153495
s__JAISSX01 sp031272885
s__Streptococcus sp938036805
s__CAIXPF01 sp020846295
s__Sherwoodlollariibacterium sp020058085
s__Solimonas flava
s__Pelagibacter sp902579085
s__E4-135 sp024405585
s__UBA1267 sp002315555
s__CANKTP01 sp947486375
s__Bact-08 sp002840895
s__JAGNRR01 sp017988595
s__CAG-269 sp947626815
s__QZKY01 sp018261755
s__Aestuariivirga sp937868035
s__S139-23 sp024275615
s__Alloprevotella sp018066225
s__M0103 sp947505255
s__JAFGNV01 sp016931895
s__SLOH01 sp007132595
s__Flavobacterium sp947631175
s__Roseiflexus sp030550675
s__Neisseria flavescens_A
s__RPRI01 sp011391695
s__Telluria glaciei
s__CCP2 sp003003615
s__JAUXIU01 sp030620895
s__JACKEH01 sp025453555
s__Rhodococcus sp030056795
s__Psychrobacter sp904846525
s__Motilibacter peucedani
s__Bacteroides sp031262785
s__Apibacter sp031289875
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003024385
s__CAITNM01 sp020726185
s__JAAELZ01 sp030590945
s__Gramella sp024635735
s__Thiolinea sp020442915
s__Mycobacterium sp005787665
s__ELB16-189 sp025363495
s__Nocardioides sp026392415
s__SCADC1-2-3 sp003445555
s__CALKAN01 sp937983035
s__JABAAW01 sp014239005
s__CAG-873 sp020860515
s__Pseudogracilibacillus intestinigallinarum
s__JACQZW01 sp016213675
s__Ventricola sp022776785
s__Gelidibacter mesophilus
s__CANDYO01 sp947424995
s__Lacrimispora sp002389905
s__Cellulomonas sp009783975
s__JAKQSH01 sp029570245
s__SIG693 sp017507145
s__Alienimonas chondri
s__Devosia submarina
s__SHVR01 sp009694185
s__Caccenecus sp944358165
s__JAKASW01 sp021811615
s__CANHVK01 sp945897755
s__Pelagibacter sp905618805
s__JAUMXB01 sp030532785
s__Roseibium sp008107695
s__CANQYE01 sp947627995
s__JAGVEL01 sp020058285
s__2-12-FULL-43-11 sp001817805
s__UBA1213 sp902773065
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017423025
s__UBA6156 sp027489415
s__Onthovivens sp017477255
s__GCA-002401385 sp002400885
s__Flavobacterium sp004303025
s__PRS1 sp021647885
s__E29-bin15 sp030638665
s__B68-G16 sp030611015
s__Ventrousia sp934675045
s__Anaerocolumna sp015655565
s__UBA6267 sp002440745
s__RUG11894 sp012799165
s__NK4A144 sp017453865
s__Nordella sp011046735
s__Dysosmobacter sp947631635
s__JAGMCF01 sp021158425
s__UBA4416 sp947462425
s__JACKHG01 sp020639095
s__UBA4334 sp024695315
s__JADJRG01 sp016712315
s__Ramlibacter sp023701085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401805
s__Caccopulliclostridium sp944349805
s__LD21 sp903865465
s__CG1-02-35-72 sp021647405
s__Frankia sp023716925
s__GCA-2690565 sp913045955
s__Huintestinicola sp017848125
s__JAUSKG01 sp030647005
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp017883385
s__Planktothrix sp903893625
s__Lysobacter sp031216755
s__Chishuiella sp002430925
s__Fodinibius sp913057775
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278525
s__UBA1850 sp016763095
s__UBA2284 sp927439925
s__SURF-15 sp020059835
s__Faecalimonas sp017465565
s__UBA1847 sp022360335
s__Prevotella sp017548385
s__Mailhella sp017940105
s__Thermoanaerobacter wiegelii
s__QYOJ01 sp016783905
s__YE71 sp947589205
s__Chromobacterium sp020830965
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007694095
s__JAUILN01 sp030432695
s__Streptomyces sp028898845
s__VGNK01 sp016866055
s__Vulcanococcus sp014191535
s__CAIXMG01 sp943357975
s__JAJRVT01 sp024277175
s__JAUIJL01 sp030431255
s__JdFR-81 sp002011735
s__CAIQCE01 sp021731545
s__Thalassobius sp017792425
s__Cellulosilyticum pullistercoris
s__Ruminococcus_E sp024403825
s__JAGRPD01 sp947440575
s__AAA536-G10 sp003283875
s__Brevibacterium siliguriense
s__JAIROC01 sp031257735
s__UBA6002 sp013697705
s__Rubrivivax sp030680415
s__Polynucleobacter sp008015455
s__Aquimarina sp017897595
s__Holospora obtusa
s__CAINEC01 sp029547265
s__Blautia sp902476765
s__Devosia_A sp023427545
s__UMGS1865 sp946618395
s__2-12-FULL-39-13 sp023261445
s__Micromonospora yasonensis
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila_A
s__SXKJ01 sp945861865
s__S010-17 sp026988355
s__QNES01 sp029939505
s__OLB19 sp020428795
s__Limivicinus sp017444665
s__Fen-1364 sp003154555
s__JADFVP01 sp015222595
s__UBA11398 sp947472655
s__Actinopolyspora alba
s__Modestobacter sp025963425
s__JACRCH01 sp016219115
s__Branchiibius sp001594145
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp028825475
s__GWB2-55-19 sp016212705
s__Leptothoe sp937899365
s__RGIG9985 sp017458185
s__Halomonas korlensis
s__GCA-2699365 sp022448585
s__Gracilibacillus halotolerans
s__DUUS01 sp028703035
s__Azonexus sp028687645
s__VGZZ01 sp016872285
s__DYRQ01 sp020718645
s__Sinomonas albida
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp021730285
s__Chiayiivirga sp946481615
s__JAHEDJ01 sp030598025
s__JADFOJ01 sp022562915
s__Lignipirellula cremea
s__Rubrivivax sp016790425
s__SIG701 sp015063645
s__JANWHV01 sp025450255
s__Paracidobacterium acidisoli
s__JAPKHB01 sp026647295
s__Desulfotomaculum putei
s__UBA929 sp009782475
s__CAG-433 sp017634385
s__Palsa-295 sp003131705
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005880755
s__SURF-16 sp016208225
s__UBA3950 sp029549715
s__SIG701 sp016288155
s__Pedobacter sp001027745
s__Caldatribacterium saccharofermentans
s__CAG-196 sp934757255
s__JAHIER01 sp018901555
s__Bog-105 sp025462985
s__Eubacterium_I sp946491665
s__Methyloprofundus sp030619185
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003283745
s__Pseudonocardia hydrocarbonoxydans
s__VGCF01 sp016870135
s__Rhizobium sp000172795
s__Myxococcus guangdongensis
s__Stackebrandtia endophytica
s__JAEDJH01 sp016296415
s__Ferruginibacter sp937897585
s__Avimonas_A sp022793315
s__G030583765 sp030583765
s__Pelagibacter sp902520695
s__SHLQ01 sp020628865
s__Anaerotignum sp020024265
s__HRBIN15 sp002898555
s__Caulobacter sp937925635
s__66-474 sp025924775
s__Phenylobacterium sp020253645
s__JAUVWW01 sp030603885
s__Brevundimonas sp030504955
s__JAFGTE01 sp029260955
s__Treponema_D sp024683675
s__Limisphaera ngatamarikiensis
s__CALJES01 sp938074205
s__GCA-001602625 sp001602625
s__Pseudonocardia sediminis
s__Blautia_A sp934358405
s__SZUA-584 sp023428025
s__SY8519 sp947253885
s__AV69 sp003220075
s__JAAYZF01 sp012514975
s__WQWV01 sp009785175
s__UBA8290 sp027620815
s__C7867-001 sp943355045
s__Rhodoferax sp009922295
s__Neokomagataea sp946476835
s__PXAP01 sp007695015
s__Jeongeupia naejangsanensis
s__JAKIYJ01 sp022708585
s__Bacteroides sp959606905
s__Qipengyuania aurantiaca
s__UBA8296 sp913057895
s__GWF sp018060845
s__JAFGEK01 sp016931625
s__Aeromicrobium sp001428805
s__Novosphingobium sp000281975
s__JAHDCE01 sp020629475
s__JAPULR01 sp958295715
s__JAUWXM01 sp030616365
s__Pelagibacter sp902604545
s__JAUZPL01 sp030915485
s__Faecousia sp945927915
s__Collinsella sp900548815
s__Novispirillum itersonii
s__Compostimonas suwonensis
s__Terrimonas_A sp004173255
s__Nocardioides sp013155335
s__Bosea sp023910605
s__RUG12519 sp947304245
s__Caccenecus sp947630575
s__Faecousia sp015067945
s__Kmv29 sp030627155
s__UBA6163 sp003506095
s__CADCWF01 sp023423795
s__RUG13038 sp902789425
s__JAHEDJ01 sp024641245
s__UBA6857 sp934525065
s__UBA10103 sp001781125
s__Pelagibacter sp902591695
s__UBA1179 sp017642425
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902544495
s__WGA-3G sp022827185
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A anserisalpingitidis_A
s__JANWWO01 sp025057375
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp027484425
s__Bradyrhizobium sp022835695
s__JAAFJT01 sp013298955
s__Marinobacterium_A rhizophilum
s__JAIRRO01 sp031261585
s__ISDg sp024404675
s__CALCKW01 sp937965695
s__Amycolatopsis sp009429145
s__JAIPAN01 sp021740025
s__Streptomyces sp018619185
s__Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens_C
s__Polyangium sp029946505
s__Streptomyces zhaozhouensis
s__Shinella sp024704725
s__Varibaculum sp902489465
s__VGJV01 sp024654525
s__CAIOZW01 sp903828635
s__JALHMH01 sp022844165
s__G023898745 sp023898745
s__RGIG7107 sp017386585
s__UBA12465 sp903857815
s__Wolbachia sp019061405
s__JACPFN01 sp026389025
s__VGKF01 sp016867175
s__JAMQPK01 sp023717525
s__Rhizobium sp028865845
s__Anaeromassilibacillus senegalensis
s__CABQAC01 sp902462035
s__PMG-095 sp004193285
s__BSW11-IV sp028649655
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp943787985
s__Brevibacterium sp004745485
s__Microbulbifer rhizosphaerae
s__C7867-001 sp021802795
s__JASBRS01 sp030149325
s__JAEUHX01 sp016792805
s__Luminiphilus sp002705465
s__JAEWOS01 sp023399675
s__SFTH01 sp017938785
s__Raoultibacter phocaeensis
s__Janibacter sp029510815
s__Yoonia sp003201935
s__CALIQN01 sp938044045
s__AC2028 sp000702085
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021800745
s__JAGGTJ01 sp021163815
s__JAUYPG01 sp030695805
s__CC-CFT747 sp030323305
s__Herbaspirillum sp028291765
s__Sediminihabitans sediminicola
s__RUG159 sp017474705
s__Sideroxyarcus sp016235045
s__GCA-002733105 sp018646825
s__Rhizorhabdus montanisoli
s__LC2-1 sp030446955
s__Fictibacillus_C sp030418125
s__Sphingomonas sp030730875
s__CAMIGX01 sp946221385
s__JANLIN01 sp024654345
s__JAMDBS01 sp023487325
s__Prevotella sp945788545
s__RFTU01 sp027487995
s__Collinsella sp902494765
s__JAMDBX01 sp023487645
s__Sphingomonas sp002281535
s__Gilvimarinus xylanilyticus
s__JAAXTT01 sp013336365
s__Alistipes sp017421945
s__JAJYJP01 sp021789395
s__Paraflavitalea sp029223285
s__Cupriavidus pauculus_D
s__JACPFG01 sp016183125
s__2011-GWC2-44-17 sp016199685
s__Desulfovermiculus halophilus
s__JAFGRE01 sp016935335
s__UBA9216 sp028532855
s__Mesorhizobium sp000502955
s__Belliella alkalica
s__DTDR01 sp938040315
s__Bradyrhizobium sp028128765
s__Occultella gossypii
s__SURF-23 sp016213945
s__Paracoccus sp000787695
s__Methylobacter_A sp024636505
s__Sphingomonas_B changbaiensis
s__JAPYTK01 sp030590865
s__RGIG1601 sp017617415
s__FEN-299 sp003157675
s__JAJNDL01 sp020697295
s__Eubacterium_C oxidoreducens
s__JAHEGN01 sp937876775
s__JACRDB01 sp016218725
s__Flavobacterium sp943324395
s__JAADGE01 sp947311445
s__Isoptericola halotolerans
s__Flavobacterium sp946479395
s__2-12-FULL-35-11 sp001803185
s__UBA8108 sp022451445
s__Alteracholeplasma palmae
s__JAJTGZ01 sp021173225
s__Lentihominibacter sp017457585
s__JAFGFD01 sp016931215
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029239415
s__Raineya orbicola
s__SAR86A sp902613705
s__JADQBT01 sp016278485
s__M3007 sp937926185
s__Flavobacterium sp009711165
s__Pelagibacter sp902569725
s__WQXQ01 sp031256035
s__FEN-1346 sp003170085
s__HyVt-477 sp023144895
s__Lysobacter sp900107375
s__CAG-238 sp017397825
s__LFER01 sp029247845
s__Faecousia sp017939025
s__Paraburkholderia sp940746715
s__Rugosimonospora sp017354595
s__HIMB59 sp002705265
s__Niabella drilacis
s__CAG-269 sp944393135
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688355
s__UBA1255 sp016287565
s__UBA3855 sp947174625
s__Paraburkholderia sp011753055
s__UBA1081 sp017549285
s__Paenibacillus_G filicis
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902773035
s__Rhodopseudomonas sp000333455
s__Saccharimonas sp905373835
s__JABINC01 sp030700255
s__Gillisia arctica
s__GCA-002694895 sp002715665
s__Mangrovicoccus sp013184745
s__UBA10329 sp016124845
s__UBA1997 sp023262945
s__Opi-474 sp018239675
s__Collinsella sp900541745
s__Tous-C4FEB sp025355125
s__Microbacterium kyungheense
s__Mobilitalea sp023439505
s__Ramlibacter sp023387335
s__CANQEN01 sp947595045
s__JAFGDF01 sp016932235
s__HIMB59 sp902523865
s__Nocardioides sp025936915
s__GCA-002726655 sp027292925
s__JACRFB01 sp016218045
s__UBA9215 sp003503995
s__DUQS01 sp028694215
s__Spongiibacter_A taiwanensis
s__Bradyrhizobium glycinis
s__Midichloria sp030060845
s__DUUG01 sp029778935
s__Halalkalibacter oceani_B
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947166405
s__RDXG01 sp004292785
s__RAAP-2 sp937894805
s__CAMFIG01 sp945952445
s__Pseudolabrys sp027307405
s__MGBC162888 sp958448685
s__Paraliobacillus sp001368815
s__Pelagibacter sp902575835
s__Hel1-33-131 sp913052445
s__Nanosynbacter sp937863095
s__VFKW01 sp009885355
s__Endomicrobium proavitum
s__Neorhizobium sp900466875
s__Sphingomonas mucosissima
s__JAUXSJ01 sp030679615
s__JAGVMA01 sp020054095
s__2-12-FULL-60-25 sp018499965
s__Collinsella sp905204735
s__JAUIIJ01 sp030431825
s__FEB-7 sp017853245
s__Collinsella sp958407465
s__Treponema_D sp017412405
s__Rhodoluna sp028868555
s__UBA6055 sp012270545
s__Aquifex aeolicus_A
s__Clostridium_AO liquoris
s__CACCCN01 sp905182445
s__Mycobacterium stephanolepidis
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027486495
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_H
s__CAG-269 sp928721565
s__B1SED10-74M sp003554615
s__Frigididesulfovibrio_A litoralis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp029009115
s__PALSA-1081 sp018266255
s__Thermophilibacter sp944320385
s__Flagellimonas sp019880545
s__BOG-234 sp025462945
s__Nodosilinea sp014696165
s__Pontimicrobium sp023015825
s__Rubrimonas cliftonensis
s__JAAYGT01 sp012727555
s__Reyranella sp020160995
s__JAPLJM01 sp030656035
s__RUG714 sp017432485
s__CAMYKZ01 sp947259045
s__JAMONT01 sp027066455
s__JAHDDY01 sp938008165
s__MWDF01 sp029565935
s__Dysosmobacter sp017447005
s__QNFN01 sp003645555
s__Hongsoonwoonella zoysiae
s__Bact-08 sp002428635
s__JAOEIQ01 sp026162565
s__Desulfolutivibrio sp031082225
s__JANSWO01 sp024743435
s__UMGS687 sp944383945
s__Terriglobus sp937859825
s__SZUA-259 sp020343535
s__AG-337-I02 sp902630465
s__Microsaccharimonas sp025349965
s__Roseobacter litoralis_A
s__RUG14846 sp902803145
s__Abditibacterium sp019348295
s__Lentilitoribacter sp017644105
s__Methylobacter sp026727675
s__JALZUR01 sp938002015
s__JAAKFR01 sp011064985
s__RGIG4079 sp017520235
s__CAMLHP01 sp025937755
s__Xenobium sp022839105
s__JAFGRA01 sp016935415
s__Tantalella remota
s__Pelagibacter sp902540595
s__BRH-c25 sp001515955
s__Lacibacter cauensis
s__CW01 sp017304675
s__CAJVYK01 sp913009355
s__Lentihominibacter sp012513435
s__Microvirga mediterraneensis
s__Arsukibacterium ikkense
s__JAGSHF01 sp023954685
s__JANWKA01 sp025451655
s__G020354025 sp020355065
s__JAAZAB01 sp012514555
s__Sphingomonas marina
s__Faecousia sp017398625
s__JAJXWB01 sp028869185
s__GCA-2401725 sp016765535
s__SXRM01 sp016218865
s__Enterosoma sp949290645
s__JAQTRN01 sp028711795
s__UBA8316 sp913043275
s__Mycoplasma sp001199495
s__Zwartia parapertussis_F
s__RUG099 sp902793875
s__CAG-303 sp017381055
s__JACQHZ01 sp016198745
s__Cardiobacterium sp938028185
s__JAEURO01 sp018268375
s__SZAS-79 sp947467435
s__Saccharicenans sp030018265
s__HyVt-560 sp011330835
s__STD1-84 sp028716745
s__Timburyella sp944412495
s__Bog-1198 sp028870275
s__Polycladomyces abyssicola
s__Novosphingobium sp029076845
s__WJMD01 sp014728125
s__CG2-30-61-12 sp001873705
s__D1FN1-002 sp005774595
s__CAG-245 sp934154805
s__Protoclostridium sp947385185
s__Deinococcus aerolatus
s__2-12-FULL-57-22 sp016183075
s__Nakamurella sp030947305
s__Reyranella sp020160955
s__Hominilimicola sp947624165
s__Psychroserpens sp025153525
s__Palsa-744 sp025934395
s__QWOP01 sp009691925
s__M30B67 sp018401675
s__JACOXI01 sp016176335
s__Scatomorpha sp944385755
s__Chryseobacterium turcicum
s__Heliomicrobium modesticaldum
s__Evansella caseinilytica
s__Desulfuromusa sp029934755
s__Pseudoroseomonas aerophila
s__JAGNNV01 sp016650185
s__Bartonella sp002022415
s__Prevotella sp015060485
s__Bordetella_C sp002261225
s__JAIEMW01 sp019751815
s__Arachidicoccus rhizosphaerae
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp026625825
s__Centipeda sp000468035
s__UKL13-3 sp025454875
s__S20-B6 sp913054115
s__Comamonas sp019104825
s__OSU-TB39 sp009392195
s__JADGBV01 sp015231345
s__Mycobacterium sp016462545
s__Luteitalea sp013695405
s__WRMQ01 sp009777055
s__Planktomarina sp020629775
s__JACCXM01 sp030852885
s__Agromyces sp001428255
s__JACREM01 sp016218215
s__Microbacterium sp029319145
s__CAMASH01 sp937890535
s__UBA5301 sp002408345
s__Vibrio sp002342685
s__CALVNN01 sp944349765
s__JAANAU01 sp015231295
s__Saccharopolyspora shandongensis
s__Hyphomonas sp020425315
s__Streptomyces sp029167645
s__Fen-999 sp003158255
s__Actinoplanes toevensis
s__Thalassospira profundimaris
s__YIM-78166 sp004123195
s__REEB473 sp018969715
s__Leifsonia sp023386675
s__Limnobacter humi
s__Caccovivens sp949298925
s__Longilinea arvoryzae
s__QFNR01 sp016864895
s__JAIBBG01 sp947464885
s__UBA12170 sp016933745
s__JACQPS01 sp016207445
s__Oceanococcus sp030147945
s__Fen-183 sp023717585
s__Azonexus sp023150235
s__PCPOR2b sp022822005
s__Propionivibrio sp031290495
s__Dyadobacter sp001424405
s__Stenotrophomonas sp946223375
s__Acidovorax sp000276605
s__Veillonella sp905209685
s__Bosea sp027487245
s__Halomonas aestuarii
s__CAG-170 sp937890735
s__Ruminococcus_E sp022510955
s__Leptolinea sp012515195
s__Microbulbifer sp947489355
s__UBA7366 sp002469885
s__Collinsella sp031295385
s__Anaplasma sp028204095
s__Anaerotignum sp020024255
s__JAEUIG01 sp016795125
s__UBA1740 sp017462485
s__Duberdicusella sp021163425
s__Aquirufa sp024642485
s__Mesonia sp008692195
s__Pelagibacter sp902528645
s__Winogradskyella psychrotolerans
s__Modestobacter altitudinis
s__Acetatifactor sp017478245
s__UBA877 sp017882145
s__Novosphingobium sp903848655
s__Limimorpha sp017427985
s__JAIRNQ01 sp031257955
s__Proteiniphilum sp012518155
s__Leptothrix cholodnii
s__JABDFU01 sp013286805
s__DYRG01 sp020718845
s__Streptomyces sp018614195
s__Cellvibrio sp946482385
s__Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale_A
s__Thioalkalivibrio_A thiocyanodenitrificans
s__Chordicoccus sp015057835
s__Aeoliella mucimassa
s__DAOVVO01 sp030637135
s__Trinickia sp005144415
s__Spiribacter sp913056145
s__PHOS-HE28 sp902826215
s__UBA2868 sp017620055
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp025360865
s__Didemnitutus sp016187945
s__Streptomyces sp002005565
s__Zobellella_A maritima
s__SKPY01 sp007119305
s__Nodosilinea sp018970085
s__JARSSO01 sp029624675
s__Flavobacterium psychrolimnae
s__CG2-30-49-12 sp030018935
s__Ruminococcus_E sp030533225
s__CADCTM01 sp030776905
s__AABM5-125-24 sp002127415
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945875225
s__Collinsella sp937989795
s__Oryzihumus leptocrescens
s__JAIYCR01 sp027487905
s__Prevotella sp947166345
s__CALFEP01 sp937950125
s__JAOADT01 sp026417175
s__JABDAE01 sp013289325
s__DYIB01 sp020723855
s__Alectryocaccobium stercorigallinarum
s__JAHEKZ01 sp024644435
s__PWPR01 sp003557085
s__SACF01 sp028706295
s__Rhizobium lusitanum_A
s__UBA3282 sp017440375
s__Phytoactinopolyspora halotolerans
s__JAADJA01 sp021107975
s__Campylobacter_D sp006864455
s__Palsa-295 sp013289715
s__Cyanobium sp024958655
s__Algisphaera sp938015655
s__Brotaphodocola sp021202655
s__CAISIP01 sp027214345
s__Desulfovibrio sp009929215
s__Rhodoglobus sp004297555
s__Sarcina tarantellae
s__DAHUYA01 sp027315445
s__Mobilitalea sp012523775
s__JAGNTT01 sp023247595
s__Gimesia sp937910335
s__CALINM01 sp938045315
s__Maricaulis sp030149515
s__RUG11690 sp017633255
s__Psychrobacter sp022129425
s__RAAP-2 sp021849435
s__JADGRT01 sp017880715
s__Collinsella sp015062655
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947305645
s__Arcanobacterium phocisimile
s__JAAXPZ01 sp030626265
s__UBA1550 sp021823825
s__Smithella sp016927935
s__Streptantibioticus parmotrematis
s__JAGRNP01 sp020440705
s__Lysobacter_B sp019510195
s__Skermanella mucosa
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013286325
s__JAHEFR01 sp020341735
s__JAPLXD01 sp026396255
s__Pseudomonas_E tumuqii
s__Ornithinimicrobium tianjinense
s__Gallionella sp021783855
s__G029814805 sp029814805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017546275
s__Pelagerythrobacter sp946886565
s__Leptospira_B dzoumogneensis
s__JAEUJB01 sp020847535
s__JAJZCD01 sp025927655
s__Thermus kawarayensis
s__Qipengyuania aquimaris
s__JAMWCL01 sp023819035
s__Avelusimicrobium sp949296525
s__JALRLA01 sp030833525
s__JAOAGO01 sp026415715
s__UBA12465 sp027858435
s__JAAZDD01 sp012512955
s__Leeuwenhoekiella sp000687915
s__JAJFHC01 sp021775835
s__PH2015 sp947459425
s__JAUNEA01 sp030525785
s__RPRC01 sp003314535
s__Sphaerochaeta sp012514185
s__Desulforhopalus vacuolatus
s__QHVT01 sp030857085
s__JAOSJX01 sp027493875
s__Ramlibacter paludis
s__UBA8752 sp002172485
s__Marivirga atlantica
s__GCA-2707185 sp913052545
s__Sphingomonas sp029543155
s__JAADJA01 sp029933495
s__UBA10518 sp003604995
s__TMED27 sp020443075
s__WQRX01 sp009780585
s__Bacteroides_H sp031259755
s__Catellicoccus marimammalium
s__VGKE01 sp016867195
s__JAPLYY01 sp026395315
s__Pelagibacter sp902584225
s__OLB20 sp001567355
s__Rheinheimera salexigens
s__CAKUIA01 sp934660865
s__JAGQPC01 sp020426925
s__Thauera sp002354895
s__Pelagibacter sp902536925
s__Chelativorans_A sp025336525
s__Anaerobiospirillum sp944393075
s__Amaricoccus sp030432315
s__DAOVVL01 sp029881835
s__Arthrobacter sp029076445
s__UBA1447 sp012728445
s__Ensifer adhaerens_H
s__Azophilus sp026713405
s__Sedimenticola sp026196475
s__Collinsella sp902494945
s__JAHJCW01 sp028282845
s__Brachyspira sp949300355
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp022508505
s__GCA-2748055 sp030642565
s__RUG099 sp017515425
s__Alloprevotella sp030531095
s__Limimaricola pyoseonensis
s__Litorimonas sp938003545
s__Deinococcus_C roseus
s__Propionivibrio limicola
s__Cellulomonas sp900114185
s__JAUYGZ01 sp030690415
s__Sansalvadorimonas sp947331445
s__Rhodoglobus sp019638845
s__QPIN01 sp029937975
s__Ochrobactrum_A sp026241335
s__Methyloglobulus sp945861705
s__Prevotella sp937877605
s__JAAZNB01 sp012798515
s__COE1 sp017440575
s__CAIMUM01 sp026389715
s__GCA-2686945 sp016779225
s__Pedobacter cryotolerans
s__GCA-002793235 sp020435335
s__GCA-2747105 sp002747105
s__JAEUKZ01 sp016793045
s__Domibacillus epiphyticus
s__Azospirillum sp023423695
s__Niveibacterium sp026586805
s__QNZT01 sp003978455
s__Scatosoma sp028720205
s__MES13 sp009711785
s__Thalassotalea_A sp938075435
s__JACMJL01 sp014380625
s__Bradyrhizobium canariense_A
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_AC
s__Prevotella sp017623155
s__Sulfurimonas sp028044295
s__Draconibacterium luteum
s__Ventrousia sp947856675
s__Cohnella lupini
s__JAITPB01 sp031289625
s__Geomicrobium_A sp012970285
s__Limnohabitans sp947451565
s__Acutalibacter sp021769555
s__UBA10183 sp002771475
s__RF16 sp024400125
s__DUUE01 sp012521345
s__NVQY01 sp021648025
s__UBA1784 sp024405675
s__CASDVX01 sp949284545
s__Pelagibacter sp902560815
s__AG-422-B15 sp902554325
s__Lactobacillus sp029395455
s__Methylohalobius sp026981855
s__JAKBAR01 sp937896365
s__UBA6382 sp022508585
s__JABDEO01 sp013287015
s__Pseudonocardia sp029263155
s__UBA1213 sp902773025
s__Streptococcus sp905221455
s__Monoglobus sp947630135
s__JAIRNK01 sp031270515
s__Thermoclostridium sp012521105
s__Nitrospira_C sp946479785
s__Acutalibacter sp019416395
s__CAHJXG01 sp025351925
s__JAIROZ01 sp031257255
s__Azonexus sp002842145
s__Pseudolysobacter sp025351985
s__GCA-012562765 sp012563325
s__JABDAQ01 sp013289115
s__DUNV01 sp012839215
s__SZUA-378 sp023458855
s__Firm-07 sp015064415
s__Wujia sp017938485
s__UBA8154 sp937973635
s__UBA1318 sp002307015
s__UBA1267 sp016281555
s__JAFGIG01 sp016929715
s__GCA-2690565 sp913031135
s__JAHJSU01 sp018829985
s__Eubacterium_R sp948471205
s__JAUYEG01 sp030691505
s__Oricola thermophila
s__JACOMS01 sp020629545
s__JAUVSA01 sp030597345
s__Promineifilum sp014237545
s__JACVJK01 sp015711955
s__Caulobacter sp002737765
s__Azophilus sp958296195
s__Maricaulis sp030149235
s__JAPOVR01 sp026708005
s__UBA1255 sp902796205
s__Kryptonium sp028276305
s__Ancylobacter tetraedralis
s__Mesomycoplasma_A collis
s__Scatomorpha sp944387825
s__PALSA-1003 sp005882995
s__Aristaeella sp017428385
s__UBA5760 sp002418895
s__Quinella sp015206785
s__Streptomyces sp026342355
s__Nonomuraea dietziae
s__RUG14199 sp902796675
s__Firm-04 sp016296505
s__Levilactobacillus enshiensis
s__Caulobacter sp020161365
s__JAPLUR01 sp026397505
s__GCA-2737125 sp014190275
s__Roseovarius sediminicola
s__Methyloprofundus sp013138595
s__Amaricoccus sp937891315
s__UBA12567 sp030749435
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis_B
s__Hymenobacter elongatus
s__Companilactobacillus nuruki
s__Fen-999 sp031274855
s__CAG-302 sp945919295
s__UBA1740 sp015064745
s__JAKQTR01 sp025456345
s__WGA-3G sp022826805
s__Granulosicoccus sp947499955
s__Aureisphaera sp013002065
s__Paraburkholderia guartelaensis
s__JALOBQ01 sp023228185
s__SZUA-217 sp030623125
s__JACOXY01 sp016182095
s__JAJVIE01 sp022072175
s__Flavobacterium sp028689845
s__Flavobacterium sp023635005
s__JADJWH01 sp031285245
s__Butyricicoccus sp959018045
s__Brevundimonas intermedia_A
s__AC-32 sp005883965
s__Micromonospora sp009712475
s__Hymenobacter setariae
s__LEGE-11386 sp015207155
s__CAIYFD01 sp945903545
s__Ramlibacter sp947463025
s__JABWCH01 sp013359215
s__AC-51 sp005884925
s__Sansalvadorimonas haliclonae
s__JAIRWR01 sp031290815
s__BM516 sp913060595
s__JAUPUJ01 sp030917625
s__Fen-1118 sp017881285
s__JAKSDM01 sp030065175
s__JALZHR01 sp030860665
s__JAGPKW01 sp018053685
s__Pseudorhodoferax soli
s__Microvirga guangxiensis
s__HRBIN16 sp023511455
s__JAGRMV01 sp020441045
s__WRAN01 sp009781725
s__UMGS1696 sp017560565
s__HLUCCA09 sp003340565
s__WRKP01 sp031279215
s__Rheinheimera sp004345025
s__Rhizomicrobium sp025451875
s__RUG440 sp017510785
s__DRYD01 sp025057615
s__SCTG01 sp004298335
s__DUPJ01 sp012837885
s__UBA8612 sp017521365
s__UBA4311 sp946413485
s__Eubacterium_R sp947302895
s__CAMIKG01 sp946221915
s__JAJTFW01 sp016713445
s__Enterenecus sp934660965
s__Afipia sp003963145
s__JAHJDO01 sp030652805
s__Terasakiella pusilla
s__ATBO01 sp000472285
s__Coprovivens sp947625425
s__GCA-2747325 sp002747325
s__Stercorousia sp946636615
s__Desulforhopalus sp005116575
s__RBG-16-43-9 sp001775355
s__Halothiobacillus sp023255735
s__SKVJ01 sp023229725
s__Ruminococcus sp002414125
s__UMGS1601 sp947589185
s__Bin127 sp012270805
s__JAAXHB01 sp028820455
s__CANGHM01 sp947453775
s__JAFDZV01 sp028287785
s__GWC2-40-17 sp026396495
s__CAMLJR01 sp029265075
s__Mariprofundus ferrinatatus
s__Onthocola_B sp947586295
s__Prevotella sp946406435
s__RUG440 sp902780305
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947166135
s__Anaeromonas frigoriresistens
s__Crocosphaera sp030066295
s__JAJPIG01 sp027317185
s__SZUA-124 sp003230965
s__JAUWAD01 sp030602225
s__Syner-03 sp012513245
s__JAIFLN01 sp020049045
s__Porcincola sp905235415
s__Zavarzinia sp025869435
s__CAG-492 sp947630155
s__CFX5 sp003577005
s__Acidipropionibacterium virtanenii
s__JALHUF01 sp022866195
s__Allorhizobium sp902706095
s__Treponema_D sp024402695
s__UBA11096 sp011006175
s__Streptomyces sp008042145
s__Ga0077536 sp009692365
s__Romboutsia_D sp000686145
s__Limimorpha sp902769875
s__JAAZNP01 sp012798235
s__Duganella dendranthematis
s__Parachlamydia sp002786175
s__Spiribacter sp018334525
s__VAYN01 sp030860625
s__Xanthobacter flavus_A
s__JANQPW01 sp028285285
s__UBA4096 sp023432655
s__WRCA01 sp009783145
s__Fluviicoccus sp030646115
s__Enterousia sp017383325
s__JAADJA01 sp013151015
s__Gracilinema caldarium
s__Coprobacter tertius
s__Thiolinea nivea_A
s__Prevotella sp002437115
s__GCA-2721545 sp943787405
s__RUG14243 sp905236235
s__Collinsella sp905198825
s__Paradesulfitobacterium sp027357125
s__Vulcanococcus sp018502385
s__Lacibacter sp009996555
s__SHUZ01 sp016870395
s__JACKPJ01 sp024233625
s__Rhodoluna sp947454285
s__Microbacterium sp918698005
s__Sediminibacterium pinensis_C
s__GWE2-40-63 sp020047835
s__JAAFIN01 sp013297825
s__Conexibacter sp030646165
s__Neorhizobium sp001854865
s__SCUD01 sp016874295
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017476575
s__DP-20 sp009692615
s__VMCP01 sp945890895
s__Enterenecus sp944387075
s__Pukyongia salina
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016788295
s__JAKAYZ01 sp021816165
s__Nitrosospira sp030856655
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030039165
s__JAEWBQ01 sp023391075
s__Lacrimispora defluvii
s__Usitatibacter sp017880705
s__JAEUIK01 sp016793185
s__UBA11612 sp030432435
s__JABDIY01 sp024638805
s__Collinsella sp958349055
s__JAKADD01 sp021820825
s__Thermopetrobacter sp027051995
s__Lysinibacillus sp002973635
s__JANQQL01 sp028289345
s__UBA9973 sp016196605
s__PALSA-188 sp003169715
s__Thioglobus_A sp024280535
s__Faecimonas sp944371955
s__Uliginosibacterium gangwonense
s__JACPZS01 sp016195385
s__UBA11051 sp030604405
s__Quinella sp937915885
s__Cellulomonas sp025642745
s__Villigracilis sp016235445
s__Sulfurimonas sp030646745
s__Z2-YC6860 sp026400395
s__CAIKZY01 sp903832025
s__Hyphococcus sp030428745
s__Cocleimonas sp024762625
s__Pistricoccus aurantiacus
s__JAQUQI01 sp028716165
s__Terribacillus sp002272135
s__JANQSH01 sp028284145
s__JAKAGC01 sp030837085
s__JANSWW01 sp024743275
s__Sphingomonas phyllosphaerae_B
s__B1SED10-16 sp011389935
s__Bosea sp001509835
s__CAMEYY01 sp945947725
s__Sphaerochaeta pleomorpha
s__Bythopirellula goksoeyrii
s__Sporosarcina sp017921835
s__CAG-465 sp030524345
s__Actinotalea sp916618755
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp026391935
s__Pelagibacter sp902624635
s__F23-D06 sp946413585
s__CAIRDP01 sp026391775
s__Microscilla sp937899305
s__Venatoribacter sp937974825
s__Tenebribacter sp021734835
s__Lentimicrobium sp937894795
s__Parasynechococcus sp014280195
s__51-20 sp020025875
s__Rippkaea sp003448685
s__SVCP01 sp015058295
s__UBA1711 sp017480785
s__Streptomyces sp026341815
s__28-YEA-48 sp903932565
s__Salinibacillus xinjiangensis
s__Occallatibacter sp003156495
s__Streptomyces sp001590865
s__C7867-002 sp903876465
s__JAFAWN01 sp019241735
s__Brachythrix sp019694215
s__Limnohabitans sp018882835
s__UBA830 sp913046035
s__UBA3857 sp024698505
s__Agathobaculum sp019418305
s__Faecimonas sp944332635
s__Limnohabitans sp903876885
s__Allopontixanthobacter sp024642525
s__Polaromonas sp947448735
s__Tenebribacter burtonii
s__BP-191 sp030840645
s__RF16 sp017560605
s__JANQLB01 sp028280805
s__Agathobaculum sp944384735
s__Flavobacterium sp030053945
s__Luteibacter jiangsuensis_A
s__Hydrogenivirga sp026982025
s__Porphyromonas_A sp900120395
s__HGM04593 sp937896105
s__Pseudomonas_E leptonychotis
s__GLR69 sp013138865
s__Oceanobacillus sp938004015
s__Collinsella sp958415665
s__Nitrosymbiomonas sp016223145
s__PNKF01 sp019637445
s__Phenylobacterium sp028869395
s__Breznakia pachnodae
s__Specibacter stackebrandtii
s__RGIG10340 sp024695935
s__SG8-38 sp024640845
s__RUG563 sp030537395
s__Alteraurantiacibacter buctensis
s__HGM12713 sp937894775
s__JAKLDR01 sp022703445
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282195
s__Scatovivens sp949746285
s__CAG-590 sp023664325
s__GCA-002733105 sp013215775
s__UBA8087 sp949373145
s__UMGS995 sp030531905
s__JAIPJL01 sp021734165
s__Telluria sp913773735
s__Ponticaulis sp002692725
s__UBA10103 sp018061585
s__UBA2475 sp029625215
s__JAHEGF01 sp024645155
s__JAFDET01 sp019310195
s__RUG13409 sp024689865
s__Actinoplanes deccanensis
s__Haloferula sp946481625
s__JAKISE01 sp020436145
s__Fen-1301 sp031292455
s__4572-13 sp028282905
s__Fuerstiella sp020426485
s__Gp6-AA40 sp016210845
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017561865
s__Pelagibacter sp902632275
s__Moraxella_A macacae
s__JASJEE01 sp030064835
s__JAJBSZ01 sp031270145
s__UBA5195 sp021795965
s__Leptolyngbya sp001485215
s__BW-2 sp008375315
s__OLB17 sp029781855
s__WJMH01 sp014728045
s__Devosia_A equisanguinis_A
s__RGIG8745 sp021204165
s__CAG-488 sp017942105
s__JABWBH01 sp016860685
s__W3P20-009 sp024401335
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902632145
s__UMGS902 sp017461475
s__JACRCG01 sp019162745
s__Salegentibacter sediminis
s__Prevotella sp017455495
s__CAILUG01 sp030831125
s__Paenibacillus_AK turpanensis
s__Alistipes sp017505725
s__Erythrobacter sp028621955
s__Stenotrophomonas sp027497995
s__JAJFLU01 sp021772515
s__Palsa-288 sp030776065
s__Treponema_C sp905372025
s__Arthrobacter sp002892795
s__JAUICO01 sp030427825
s__Oculatella sp015207605
s__Thalassobacillus pellis
s__UBA4334 sp937892315
s__Hellea sp023300105
s__FLUQ01 sp900079685
s__Planctomicrobium piriforme
s__Mycobacterium bacteremicum_A
s__RFQD01 sp009925875
s__SIG200 sp947632205
s__Parvivirga sp026416035
s__GCA-004216475 sp004216475
s__Aureimonas sp001463745
s__CANLOV01 sp938039345
s__SFDP01 sp017521195
s__J084 sp026004935
s__JABMRF01 sp013202715
s__JACDOK01 sp017656185
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp013141015
s__WRKU01 sp009777935
s__Flavihumibacter sp025455285
s__UBA6140 sp002423265
s__UBA3470 sp913048145
s__Cytomitobacter indipagum
s__Collinsella sp900551185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017651045
s__UBA5018 sp947463165
s__JAUWOP01 sp030612045
s__Bin95 sp022822125
s__Methylibium sp013817365
s__Reyranella sp016780605
s__Flavobacterium sp024642105
s__JARGNX01 sp029210045
s__JAADJA01 sp020438135
s__UBA963 sp903915075
s__GCA-2401635 sp030950825
s__Ellagibacter sp934643285
s__S36-B12 sp018402235
s__Nocardioides sp016924665
s__Pseudolabrys sp022841665
s__Deinococcus ruber
s__JANQGH01 sp028277405
s__UBA11524 sp945877525
s__Azonexus sp018262195
s__JARIGY01 sp029288535
s__Cohnella sp028287445
s__HXMU1428-3 sp017640685
s__Tsukamurella sp020169415
s__1-14-0-65-60-17 sp029262775
s__RGIG2581 sp017431255
s__NK4A144 sp024691015
s__JAATGI01 sp025451725
s__01-FULL-45-10b sp016206955
s__JARGOL01 sp029212745
s__Komarekiella sp010091925
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp001915025
s__JALSIX01 sp026989655
s__JACVJK01 sp028275245
s__Electrothrix marina
s__Gaiellasilicea maunaloa
s__Corynebacterium sp025152525
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902796455
s__Streptomyces blattellae
s__UBA1740 sp017508195
s__Flavobacterium sp013389595
s__Flavobacterium ichthyis
s__Bifidobacterium miconis
s__JALZBL01 sp030947395
s__HGM12789 sp934667845
s__JABAAK01 sp014238395
s__Pelomonas sp001426885
s__RUG11788 sp947629075
s__Hippea jasoniae
s__JAHQWD01 sp019634005
s__Tamlana_A agarivorans_A
s__JADQBU01 sp016278435
s__Dietzia sp008369165
s__Collinsella sp958348225
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013408825
s__UBA4372 sp946413885
s__Kmv29 sp014859315
s__Flavobacterium denitrificans
s__Scybalousia sp947564265
s__Tharpella sp021163565
s__SB25 sp023406715
s__CALREJ01 sp023038255
s__JALHRM01 sp022841445
s__JALSTK01 sp026983775
s__Sodaliphilus sp017427945
s__2-01-FULL-41-21 sp003151795
s__Alkalispirochaeta sp007117185
s__Raineya sp025054975
s__Undibacterium sp013287275
s__Aliterella atlantica
s__Faecimonas sp944358855
s__CANIYR01 sp947471825
s__CAITJF01 sp016218445
s__JAIRLB01 sp031259745
s__Vulcanococcus sp018623875
s__CAG-269 sp017429505
s__Zeimonas sp021166725
s__SURF-10 sp003605055
s__Corynebacterium gallistercoris
s__DP-20 sp025922795
s__Pelagibacter sp902558205
s__Bacteroides_H sp031287715
s__Magnetovibrio blakemorei
s__JASEIR01 sp030017355
s__UBA1729 sp002315945
s__UBA1547 sp002429375
s__CACFNH01 sp902515355
s__Chryseobacterium sp003669035
s__Bin90 sp024648655
s__JAUIBE01 sp030428105
s__CF-163 sp005880075
s__CG1-02-41-12 sp018830465
s__Rhodoferax sp018619435
s__Brevundimonas sp029946145
s__RCIZ01 sp003666685
s__JAFKHH01 sp017306865
s__JAEUHN01 sp016795365
s__BOG-1363 sp013816485
s__JAOACF01 sp026417995
s__UBA1550 sp000996605
s__Halopseudomonas sp021545785
s__JAPLVX01 sp026396945
s__JACQCE01 sp016201765
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024402125
s__Bin125 sp022828105
s__JAGLIN01 sp030638825
s__Xylanimonas protaetiae
s__Faecalibacterium sp902463235
s__UBA1259 sp015055945
s__Saccharofermentans sp024692235
s__Silvibacterium sp022870745
s__Achromobacter sp014170305
s__Actinacidiphila sp027158205
s__UBA12481 sp903919925
s__CAG-269 sp934149005
s__Microbacterium sp019969685
s__Microscilla sp001890965
s__JABLXL01 sp012839815
s__Ferruginibacter sp017983695
s__JABDMH01 sp020437045
s__JALHET01 sp028700415
s__Granulicella_C sp009914315
s__CAJCBL01 sp023446735
s__Thermus composti
s__Oceaniferula sp023301765
s__Sphingobacterium composti
s__Ammoniphilus_A resinae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp028408675
s__AER2-1 sp023248545
s__Desulfobacula sp012031875
s__JAIRTY01 sp031254715
s__Pseudomonas_E poae_C
s__CAIOJG01 sp943357105
s__Microbacterium sp030426515
s__Homoserinibacter sp030150265
s__Aquisediminimonas_A sp002422945
s__UBA2258 sp016935295
s__Bogoriella caseilytica
s__Williamsia_A sp947494875
s__JAAZOP01 sp012797735
s__Polynucleobacter hallstattensis
s__JAABTT01 sp021737115
s__CAG-1000 sp902761685
s__UBA1724 sp024405235
s__DTU015 sp012512325
s__Bosea sp027483505
s__Sulfurimonas sp030673275
s__2-01-FULL-46-14 sp001779925
s__Rhodoluna sp024645105
s__JAGDMK01 sp030835135
s__JANQQB01 sp028285165
s__4484-107 sp030613045
s__C7867-002 sp002413065
s__CAKRVU01 sp934408835
s__JAJPKR01 sp021323595
s__GCA-020348065 sp020344055
s__JAUHXH01 sp030427085
s__Inhella crocodyli
s__RUG592 sp946186535
s__SZUA-1403 sp947311665
s__Bact-19 sp001603595
s__Anaerosolibacter sp937948705
s__Novosphingobium ginsenosidimutans
s__Microbulbifer halophilus
s__Sphingomonas sp024124765
s__Frigoribacterium sp013248995
s__Kocuria sp030524035
s__UBA1784 sp016292515
s__Cyanobium saxicola
s__JAITOC01 sp031290175
s__UBA3305 sp021202715
s__AG-363-N16 sp003278305
s__CAMASH01 sp945860745
s__JAKAXG01 sp021827225
s__Sulfurovum sp027065815
s__JAIROR01 sp031257415
s__Cyclobacterium salsum
s__JACQOL01 sp016202555
s__Geothrix sp030681515
s__JAQICJ01 sp027858615
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus_E
s__Pelagibacter sp902603555
s__Mycobacterium sp001672915
s__CAG-269 sp947426875
s__Paenibacillus_K guangzhouensis
s__OLB6 sp016191145
s__CAIUKV01 sp017853455
s__Sandaracinus amylolyticus
s__Aquisalimonas sp007120195
s__JAJRUC01 sp024278015
s__Sphingomonas sp002117915
s__Io17-Chloro-G2 sp022562335
s__RUG11797 sp902772625
s__JAUYSP01 sp030696305
s__Faecalibacterium sp934539245
s__MED-G14 sp902528705
s__Chryseobacterium endalhagicum
s__Oceanicola aquaticus
s__Cellvibrio sp903858205
s__Ruoffia halotolerans
s__Phyllobacterium sp000282595
s__UBA9145 sp028825335
s__JALUUA01 sp027021605
s__JALYTT01 sp030853145
s__Fonsibacter sp000371745
s__Curtobacterium sp001422205
s__JAUWMV01 sp030620455
s__Parasphingorhabdus flavimaris
s__CAILRJ01 sp947445995
s__Neobacillus dielmonensis
s__Chloroflexus sp000516515
s__QHXW01 sp003223115
s__Limnohabitans sp009693225
s__HIMB59 sp902611415
s__Sulfitobacter sp011050655
s__JACPRK01 sp016199905
s__Dysosmobacter sp946494635
s__Faecivivens sp029098085
s__Serinicoccus kebangsaanensis
s__Flavobacterium sp025499515
s__Rufibacter sp017355955
s__FEN-1322 sp028715345
s__CAG-269 sp945877035
s__JAUIIK01 sp030431755
s__Chryseobacterium sp020991355
s__JACPTZ01 sp016192525
s__CTSoil-045 sp017860725
s__Xenophilus sp913773995
s__TMED14 sp016868755
s__Ramlibacter ginsenosidimutans
s__SZYB01 sp030263285
s__JAUXCJ01 sp026993485
s__GYS-P2D sp902609095
s__Paraburkholderia sp031286755
s__Telluria sp006715485
s__RUG11194 sp024407855
s__Methylobacterium marchantiae
s__Clostridium_AO lundense
s__Hymenobacter sp000801315
s__Collinsella sp902494135
s__Salaquimonas sp024639745
s__Sporofaciens sp949957035
s__PWJY01 sp007134625
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023441625
s__Flavisolibacter sp014163555
s__Ktedonosporobacter rubrisoli
s__JANQRS01 sp028284445
s__JAAEQD01 sp024231855
s__JANQRC01 sp028284745
s__NK4A144 sp017475845
s__CAITNO01 sp903822375
s__UBA1140 sp010892395
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp023390905
s__Anoxybacillus_A tepidamans
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp950075865
s__Anammoximicrobium sp012515235
s__PALSA-610 sp025463875
s__Hominilimicola sp947626075
s__CAG-269 sp902787685
s__QHMH01 sp017476325
s__Azonexus sp009469585
s__UBA2813 sp017941035
s__UMGS755 sp015068865
s__JAHEIH01 sp023255355
s__UBA3855 sp015066975
s__JAISFT01 sp031274285
s__Omnitrophus fodinae
s__Acidovorax delafieldii_A
s__AAA044-D11 sp026393035
s__JAFAXA01 sp019241425
s__Streptomyces spongiae
s__Sphingomonas sp026107375
s__Gallionella sp016218415
s__Microcoleus sp003483675
s__SKHV01 sp021740385
s__Pelobium sp946480185
s__HKST-UBA178 sp020445335
s__Mycobacterium goodii_B
s__Egerieousia sp937901105
s__G026625185 sp026625185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946625485
s__Pontibacterium granulatum
s__Limiplasma sp023459675
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp016786615
s__Binatus sp003161515
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902552345
s__SURF-23 sp016217725
s__Vescimonas sp945868085
s__CALKKN01 sp937995275
s__JAJPKK01 sp021323775
s__Verticiella sp018904615
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001592875
s__Ndongobacter massiliensis
s__Avamphibacillus sp030762805
s__Polynucleobacter sp903892315
s__UBA2632 sp002364735
s__CALLJT01 sp938050265
s__CS2-K091 sp030613765
s__Baekduia sp016215085
s__HGM13862 sp944390435
s__Scrofimicrobium sp945949035
s__SKW158 sp026418695
s__Sphingomonas_O sp002336985
s__Neisseria sp030531795
s__Novosphingobium sp963205265
s__Myxococcus parkwaysis
s__JABDMH01 sp020436835
s__DAOUTW01 sp030668485
s__Paenibacillus_T terricola
s__4M-Z18 sp003400305
s__NS-12 sp005877855
s__VGTG01 sp016874795
s__JAABVY01 sp014730285
s__JAJPIK01 sp021324795
s__SKYG9 sp025054735
s__JAAYYM01 sp012515365
s__NHYN01 sp947179285
s__Stutzerimonas urumqiensis
s__HGM12713 sp015064735
s__UBA6114 sp030705725
s__RBG-16-51-14 sp001802375
s__Tardiphaga sp023451825
s__Sinisalibacter lacisalsi
s__Xanthovirga aplysinae
s__M55B143 sp021159185
s__Methylotenera sp002928535
s__UBA1738 sp017451145
s__JANYKV01 sp025358055
s__Schinkia sp023457235
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp026393585
s__JAFGAX01 sp030372965
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_W
s__Leucobacter sp019884725
s__UBA695 sp002298145
s__OLB9 sp020636195
s__Waterburya sp030064795
s__Desulfobacter latus
s__Marseille-P2935 sp900104565
s__Shewanella sp024363255
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp017629575
s__JACPXN01 sp016196515
s__W11650 sp030535295
s__Caulobacter endophyticus_A
s__Polarisedimenticola sp945787955
s__Limimorpha sp017538795
s__E44-bin89 sp030613665
s__RBS10-35 sp029960865
s__Agathobaculum faecihominis_A
s__Salicibibacter halophilus
s__JAJRXD01 sp024276465
s__Sulfurimonas sp030654155
s__JAJXXT01 sp028869995
s__Collinsella sp934617135
s__Mongoliimonas terrestris
s__UMGS1484 sp017556785
s__Microbacterium sp022637555
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882415
s__DXYV01 sp019415645
s__UBA5336 sp009909065
s__Rubrivivax sp013822265
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AA
s__Treponema_D sp000619925
s__Chiayiivirga sp963205495
s__Collinsella sp902478865
s__Ga0077530 sp023430315
s__Mangrovibacter yixingensis
s__PZPK01 sp913020045
s__Gluconacetobacter tumulisoli
s__QWPT01 sp021297815
s__Luteibacter sp003050935
s__Novosphingobium sp903911985
s__UBA6211 sp020723015
s__AG-409-G20 sp003215775
s__JAACFE01 sp009937525
s__GCA-2708415 sp023301585
s__C-19 sp947575425
s__Merdicola sp944393485
s__JAUVXJ01 sp030603665
s__Ilumatobacter coccineus_A
s__UBA1213 sp902773135
s__OFTM43 sp029259595
s__Termitinema sp031257695
s__Eubacterium_B sp902797405
s__JAJXRJ01 sp021629085
s__SIG300 sp015057505
s__JANQPO01 sp028289445
s__Sterolibacterium sp019105045
s__Spirosoma terrae
s__JAUWXI01 sp030616435
s__JANYDT01 sp025359845
s__Rhodopseudomonas infernalis
s__WRMG01 sp026001245
s__JACKIC01 sp020638655
s__UBA4096 sp945860895
s__Tamlana_C onchidii
s__Tropicimonas sp947495685
s__JANWZE01 sp025054955
s__Pelagibacter sp902541515
s__ELB16-189 sp016787605
s__Bradyrhizobium sp021732175
s__CALECP01 sp030425205
s__CAMAQI01 sp945877805
s__Flagellimonas allohymeniacidonis
s__Acetatifactor sp945609985
s__Marinobacterium_C sp025800125
s__UBA1067 sp947305585
s__Bacteroides_D sp947252645
s__UBA4372 sp017469685
s__UMGS1663 sp934133165
s__DYLG01 sp020722215
s__Acidiluteibacter sp018402765
s__Paludibaculum fermentans
s__HIMB100 sp902518965
s__Hydrogenophaga sp958439165
s__Chitinophaga niastensis
s__CAG-1000 sp946528555
s__Hylemonella gracilis_C
s__WYBT01 sp938003765
s__CALWAM01 sp947631655
s__CAG-448 sp017629395
s__FEN-1250 sp025450815
s__RGIG2707 sp016284575
s__RPRI01 sp018901125
s__PXCK01 sp003566635
s__Acinetobacter sp004331035
s__UBA4372 sp002314945
s__VGZA01 sp016872775
s__JAICJJ01 sp025928535
s__UMGS1976 sp017381395
s__Methylumidiphilus sp903930145
s__Hymenobacter montanus
s__Streptomyces dioscori
s__Isoptericola dokdonensis
s__Aliidongia dinghuensis
s__Chlorobium limicola_A
s__UBA6019 sp030948245
s__GCA-2704625 sp902582475
s__JAJACQ01 sp945877885
s__Falsiruegeria sp017743935
s__JANXTZ01 sp025352125
s__Aquella sp937952895
s__Pelagisphaera sp021772595
s__Nocardioides sp000620705
s__JAUSLA01 sp030646565
s__Enterousia sp017617915
s__Arcicella aurantiaca
s__AG-337-I02 sp902594815
s__UBA2868 sp024680675
s__Pelagerythrobacter sp031178065
s__Pelagibacter sp902524595
s__B10-G9 sp011039385
s__Reyranella sp016185145
s__Nitrospira_D sp016873455
s__JAAYZK01 sp012514895
s__Cutibacterium timonense
s__JAIOUW01 sp019931105
s__Pelagibacter sp943841085
s__Scatosoma sp017463425
s__Shewanella donghaensis
s__Ferrimonas sediminicola
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp002699555
s__Prochlorococcus_B marinus_D
s__Pelagibacter sp902531025
s__2-01-FULL-41-26 sp001794055
s__JABURQ01 sp030836185
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp028532725
s__Paracoccus haematequi_A
s__Collinsella sp902496845
s__Nitronauta sp029261535
s__Nakamurella leprariae
s__UBA2289 sp002419445
s__QKMZ01 sp014380105
s__JAGLBW01 sp023145535
s__Austwickia sp019331795
s__VFLK01 sp009885085
s__UBA4951 sp024698065
s__JAIRKX01 sp031258415
s__Coprovivens sp947585595
s__CAJOLV01 sp024696885
s__Sphingobium_A boeckii
s__CADEFT01 sp025056455
s__QAKW01 sp017482195
s__Micromonospora auratinigra
s__Photorhabdus cinerea
s__UBA4372 sp024401185
s__UBA1535 sp023386345
s__Bact-19 sp016937855
s__CANQXJ01 sp947627795
s__UBA1711 sp018064565
s__UBA8401 sp013361065
s__RGIG7150 sp937877575
s__Mycetocola_A miduiensis
s__Occallatibacter sp030038195
s__Halioglobus sp029859085
s__Desulfosalsimonas propionicica
s__Paramuribaculum sp947627615
s__Chroococcus hegewaldii
s__Mycetocola spongiae
s__Reyranella sp021732285
s__GCA-012562765 sp012567685
s__RUG563 sp017525805
s__RGIG2560 sp017431625
s__SZUA-22 sp003233295
s__Roseicyclus sp027592105
s__Cohnella pontilimi
s__DTU089 sp015066225
s__RGIG8050 sp017623705
s__Allosphingosinicella sp016781555
s__Rhodoferax_C sp016703945
s__JGM124 sp947498825
s__Neolewinella sp937949535
s__Sodaliphilus sp030531495
s__Cellulomonas sp009785115
s__Gloeocapsopsis sp002749975
s__JAJRUD01 sp024277995
s__SHYE01 sp009692935
s__UBA2475 sp013816615
s__JAGXLP01 sp018334915
s__Thiocapsa marina
s__Cetobacterium_A sp947038635
s__JAPUJA01 sp027296525
s__VGWX01 sp016873615
s__JAGNZB01 sp017984655
s__JARKPK01 sp029975295
s__JANWWC01 sp025056215
s__Limnohabitans sp903906635
s__Sulfitobacter sp024636395
s__Gallimonas sp947624215
s__Orientia tsutsugamushi_C
s__Arthrobacter_D sp002929375
s__JACIXR01 sp938041455
s__Sodaliphilus sp947306175
s__Rhodoferax sp020048795
s__Saccharofermentans sp946405115
s__Hyphococcus sp021776315
s__Pelagibacter sp902587315
s__Methylobacter_C sp013140465
s__Formosimonas sp937862845
s__Desulfovibrio sp934546745
s__Micromonospora sp019890675
s__CAMBTO01 sp943788815
s__Janthinobacterium sp900095265
s__JACZQV01 sp022562375
s__UBA11865 sp030599405
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003279655
s__JAJDGO01 sp030265685
s__Palsa-465 sp030945945
s__Saccharicenans sp937920515
s__DTU068 sp012842275
s__CAJOJO01 sp934155005
s__JAGQKC01 sp029261355
s__Enterocloster sp944376135
s__Rhodanobacter sp024711345
s__UBA1140 sp902727915
s__Prevotella sp902772585
s__CAG-269 sp944391155
s__UBA9980 sp002423385
s__Sodalis_A pierantonius
s__Slackia sp934646845
s__JAHWJY01 sp019348115
s__Planktophila sp009698975
s__Palleronia caenipelagi
s__Pedobacter sp000708265
s__SIG30 sp015152475
s__RBG-13-50-9 sp001772255
s__Algoriphagus sp021298245
s__JACRLJ01 sp016215105
s__UBA11869 sp002692205
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031288285
s__WLWS01 sp012103475
s__JAHDRN01 sp028711215
s__PZPK01 sp913020245
s__01-FULL-49-22b sp027624865
s__HGM11377 sp020024085
s__Kinetoplastibacterium desouzaii
s__Campylobacter_B sp937921625
s__2-02-FULL-34-10 sp001821915
s__Xanthomarina arctica
s__CG2-30-32-10 sp020718065
s__Aliidiomarina sp003290085
s__JAAZBY01 sp012513595
s__UBA1557 sp002773185
s__Corynebacterium lipophiloflavum
s__Actinophytocola oryzae
s__EsbW-18 sp030917725
s__Mucinivorans sp947074135
s__Bacillus_D sp000613125
s__Delta-02 sp937862865
s__UBA2868 sp017620255
s__SZUA-146 sp003228965
s__JAPLGD01 sp026390345
s__Fimenecus sp949299505
s__LNNU-3342 sp008711135
s__Collinsella sp022720335
s__JAHFOU01 sp023261525
s__CADBNZ01 sp905233185
s__CALMNV01 sp937873285
s__UBA10103 sp003599295
s__Choladousia sp029006155
s__Maritimibacter dapengensis
s__JAGOUN01 sp021151585
s__WRFZ01 sp025996865
s__JAIVGV01 sp020201365
s__Gallimonas sp947630605
s__Flavisolibacter sp013695175
s__RUG11194 sp902789825
s__UBA952 sp947497485
s__RZYO01 sp022482625
s__UBA3263 sp902495245
s__JABMMZ01 sp947451105
s__GCA-016699595 sp016699595
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214975
s__Bosea sp001429395
s__JABMPR01 sp013203185
s__WRIP01 sp009782665
s__Flavobacterium soli
s__WRIE01 sp009782875
s__Blautia_A sp934372025
s__UBA2284 sp023458995
s__Spirillospora physcomitrii
s__Mycobacterium sp019242135
s__PALSA-1336 sp016218585
s__Flexifilum sp026645745
s__JAJRTA01 sp030612965
s__Avelusimicrobium sp949294095
s__Neoroseomonas alba
s__JADFKB01 sp029262675
s__Amylibacter sp029854195
s__Photobacterium atrarenae
s__Pelagibacter sp902523615
s__DAOUPZ01 sp030625885
s__Haloferula flavescens
s__Falsiroseomonas sp027856955
s__RI-34 sp022844405
s__Sulfurimonas sp029215955
s__MWCK01 sp028704755
s__Pelagibacter sp902520355
s__Endonucleobacter sp030674875
s__Arenicella sp023301745
s__Bradyrhizobium embrapense
s__JJ008 sp016787125
s__JADHTQ01 sp016784965
s__Paenibacillus_S sp024722015
s__JAUSCH01 sp030651595
s__Collinsella sp902472315
s__CALXSC01 sp944392625
s__SMBSF63 sp021107195
s__Sphingomonas sp019753375
s__JAGXQV01 sp937873435
s__Faecousia sp017549125
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp019752015
s__Sulfurimicrobium sp030690895
s__JAPHSX01 sp029879245
s__UBA8515 sp903821415
s__AAA536-G10 sp902542765
s__Rubrivirga sp012269805
s__Sphingomonas rubra
s__GCA-003244245 sp030860695
s__RUG11204 sp017438775
s__GCA-012562765 sp012569925
s__Psychroserpens sp018222915
s__Nanosynbacter sp022828255
s__JAIPGS01 sp021735725
s__Andeanibacterium sp001898545
s__Arthrobacter sp002008315
s__Psychroflexus sp030429455
s__Prevotella sp947303855
s__Enterococcus larvae
s__JADLDB01 sp020846875
s__Lysobacter_E psychrotolerans
s__JAHFUH01 sp023265215
s__Rhodococcus equi_A
s__JAHDGP01 sp020627525
s__Alteromonas chungwhensis
s__Fen-1273 sp003154425
s__JACABE01 sp903899825
s__GCA-2724215 sp958295495
s__Sphingobacterium rhinopitheci
s__Leifsonia sp009765225
s__Metamycoplasma miroungirhinis
s__Bullifex sp949285785
s__Anaerotignum sp017442465
s__Caloranaerobacter ferrireducens
s__Leptospirillum_A sp027343785
s__Palsa-465 sp030948875
s__UBA1312 sp030054025
s__Streptococcus australis_A
s__1-14-0-10-37-14 sp028704945
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023429685
s__Nocardia pneumoniae
s__Nanopelagicus sp903892335
s__Enterocola sp017960065
s__JANWWS01 sp025055765
s__Planktophila sp903858325
s__Mesorhizobium sp024746815
s__Izemoplasma acidinucleici
s__CAMLHT01 sp946479895
s__SCTK01 sp004298905
s__RGIG1913 sp017467405
s__Niastella sp021154515
s__CANQVB01 sp947627635
s__SZUA-1433 sp022600175
s__Dyadobacter sp021440195
s__JAHDCW01 sp938034715
s__CAKOLN01 sp934096075
s__Butyrivibrio sp000526935
s__Streptomyces sp009916105
s__Mogibacterium pumilum
s__Coprobacter sp022511245
s__JANYJZ01 sp025358305
s__Prevotella sp946403615
s__Streptomyces coacervatus
s__RUG099 sp018064755
s__WRNG01 sp009776735
s__JASLXW01 sp030740135
s__WTBX01 sp030626845
s__Mcinerneyibacterium aminivorans
s__JAGHDS01 sp021159845
s__Porphyromonas sp938046015
s__JADGHK01 sp937959285
s__SLFT01 sp011046175
s__UBA956 sp947460915
s__UBA12170 sp003445975
s__Paenibacillus_B agilis
s__UBA1364 sp020724725
s__UBA2212 sp003543215
s__RFVC01 sp030427065
s__CAIUWA01 sp937902865
s__Aceula sp029931885
s__Xylanimonas sp009780755
s__UBA6249 sp026387315
s__JABJCZ01 sp018668475
s__JAGVMN01 sp020053795
s__Roseovarius sp024636515
s__RUG11783 sp946411155
s__Ga0077523 sp001464895
s__Pigmentiphaga humi
s__UBA4802 sp020721905
s__UBA1711 sp947306225
s__Vescimonas sp902782615
s__UBA11618 sp003539915
s__Bilifractor sp024683035
s__Azospira_A sp024710925
s__Blastococcus sp900112815
s__Bin55 sp026707045
s__Lutimonas sp030625645
s__Dysgonomonas sp000711235
s__Saccharibacillus sp024436065
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016702645
s__28-YEA-48 sp028290705
s__Acidithrix sp021790495
s__Parvularcula lutaonensis
s__Azonexus sp016791065
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp004297625
s__Polaribacter sp009796785
s__Vogesella sp900090205
s__UBA1067 sp945834475
s__Dokdonella_A sp023430685
s__Phyllobacterium zundukense_A
s__Bog-105 sp025924475
s__Methylocystis sp015709515
s__SZAS-18 sp937871685
s__CAG-196 sp902802935
s__M50B103 sp021734505
s__CADEGL01 sp026400755
s__Ruminococcus_C sp947627445
s__2-02-FULL-52-10 sp023140095
s__GCA-002726655 sp021773555
s__Nitrospira_A sp031315995
s__Prevotella sp946541275
s__Paenibacillus_B thiaminolyticus_A
s__CSSED10-310 sp003558985
s__JAIRNR01 sp031271725
s__Tagaea sp945901855
s__CALVVN01 sp944350335
s__JAICXV01 sp028293405
s__Coprovivens sp946611635
s__Giesbergeria psychrophila
s__CANRLS01 sp947599965
s__Meiothermus sp026004115
s__Gallionella sp028699065
s__Ottowia oryzae
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946408595
s__CALHDG01 sp938023075
s__Colwellia_A sp913020705
s__Arthrobacter sp004798705
s__Marixanthomonas sp002364245
s__UBA9926 sp029249645
s__Gallionella sp024641025
s__Occallatibacter sp003165095
s__JAALKW01 sp022600575
s__Devosia sp023387585
s__Corynebacterium confusum
s__UBA1924 sp016764895
s__UBA8752 sp938092195
s__QANA01 sp948468985
s__Thiohalorhabdus sp018609925
s__QWPT01 sp903911205
s__Accumulibacter adiacens
s__JAHFIO01 sp023246325
s__JAAELT01 sp029263355
s__Neiella litorisoli
s__UBA9973 sp026395895
s__JAJZLI01 sp027459825
s__Paracoccus albus
s__Coprosoma sp944358815
s__Bdellovibrio sp017745015
s__SURF-3 sp024280875
s__JAFGEX01 sp016931355
s__CALZJE01 sp029864945
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp030840185
s__Desulfocapsa sp947311475
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp024641185
s__GCA-2708415 sp022763065
s__Methylacidimicrobium tartarophylax
s__Vreelandella zhanjiangensis
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031290395
s__JAJECS01 sp026707285
s__RBC074 sp016789645
s__JACKCO01 sp020633995
s__JACKDW01 sp030430565
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp902590435
s__JAQURN01 sp028715585
s__Faeciplasma sp947624745
s__Vescimonas sp947169975
s__SFEB01 sp937915515
s__JANQRX01 sp028284325
s__CALZGZ01 sp947258975
s__Thermosynechococcus elongatus_B
s__MSPOR6 sp012267415
s__WO2-35-19 sp003233455
s__Brevundimonas lutea
s__OLB17 sp963169175
s__SLTB01 sp007694905
s__RUG11867 sp902773365
s__RUG11867 sp946629885
s__GWC2-42-12 sp000997945
s__Lactococcus_A sp031270325
s__41-12-T18 sp002400805
s__JAMXLL01 sp024281015
s__Zhengella mangrovi
s__Sediminibacterium sp947463975
s__CALHRC01 sp938038265
s__Acutalibacter sp947631855
s__CALZIL01 sp945787495
s__Microbacterium mangrovi
s__Pelethomonas sp949878425
s__C7867-002 sp903825415
s__JAQBPP01 sp028287455
s__JAFAZJ01 sp022844045
s__Bdellovibrio reynosensis
s__GCA-002718395 sp003228125
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947306055
s__Bartonella_A sp946481695
s__JAABTH01 sp019428945
s__Terriglobus sp937871605
s__Venatoribacter marinus
s__Chiayiivirga sp963205415
s__JAUXFI01 sp030620125
s__Eubacterium_G sp944382505
s__GCA-002718515 sp016845245
s__RUG756 sp017523615
s__Firm-07 sp017451735
s__GCA-002733105 sp913042265
s__RCIO01 sp017643025
s__Bosea sp003046175
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030687895
s__Zrk6 sp913064935
s__JAHECQ01 sp937890445
s__Tateyamaria sp947503045
s__UBA2377 sp016715765
s__JADJPO01 sp016794595
s__CAMJGD01 sp946405135
s__Sulfuricaulis limicola
s__Lacunisphaera sp025363395
s__Hominimerdicola sp947302065
s__Nocardioides sp009702305
s__RGIG1987 sp017645255
s__JACCUS01 sp013811715
s__AC2028 sp024691045
s__CAMAWH01 sp945861635
s__JAQVAO01 sp028690755
s__SKRY01 sp003552765
s__JAIUYC01 sp020216575
s__JAHFRR01 sp023266165
s__Streptomyces durmitorensis
s__Streptococcus mitis_BL
s__SXYR01 sp017856455
s__Pseudomonas_E sp012935695
s__Egerieousia sp017631435
s__CAG-177 sp947165115
s__Propionicimonas sp023460935
s__Gp6-AA45 sp016195295
s__Noviherbaspirillum_A soli
s__RUG592 sp902779615
s__JACPQY01 sp016190245
s__Collinsella sp022745215
s__Fructobacillus sp029433265
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001320245
s__Anaeromyxobacter_A diazotrophicus
s__JAUVXM01 sp030603565
s__SM23-61 sp026388915
s__Fimenecus sp937877675
s__DUPP01 sp028706405
s__RGIG4856 sp017483735
s__WQYP01 sp009781185
s__JAPNUR01 sp026627385
s__Limimorpha sp946184615
s__LM3-B42 sp018432315
s__VFZS01 sp016871095
s__RGIG4034 sp017463255
s__JACVCK01 sp016742055
s__SG8-40 sp020346185
s__Mitsuaria sp946886855
s__UBA1847 sp021773035
s__Rubritalea sp937128235
s__Bosea sp026400565
s__JAITXR01 sp031284665
s__Khoudiadiopia sp947253765
s__Limosilactobacillus panis_A
s__Buchnera aphidicola_N
s__Thermoflexibacter sp025455345
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902796385
s__Parvibaculum sp013823365
s__JALZUE01 sp023301705
s__Collinsella sp905214435
s__JAITWM01 sp031285265
s__DTFZ01 sp023410475
s__WRAV01 sp031285645
s__CAU-1509 sp005047655
s__Nonomuraea indica
s__Pelagibacter sp902597575
s__JADFKZ01 sp022564665
s__OLB5 sp937873695
s__Treponema_D sp937885475
s__M3007 sp016710765
s__Pedobacter sp004138205
s__UBA7446 sp030828025
s__WRCC01 sp031265235
s__JARHUG01 sp029223185
s__Caccenecus sp947628145
s__Williamsia_A sp018474015
s__UBA1771 sp002315315
s__Nibricoccus sp937958045
s__JANWZI01 sp025054695
s__JAGWQR01 sp028869975
s__Rhizobium sp014195325
s__Gemmiger sp019413245
s__Chryseobacterium sp022712095
s__Streptomyces sp020532625
s__JAAZZIT01 sp012800685
s__Azonexus sp946477505
s__UBA1275 sp937125285
s__Nocardia abscessus_A
s__Bacteroides sp030843315
s__JAAYHF01 sp012727485
s__Mucilaginibacter sp001705515
s__Marinobacter sp900215155
s__Choladousia sp947594085
s__JAGQRA01 sp024743115
s__Gallimonas sp944363255
s__Lacinutrix sp002831665
s__Enterousia sp017630405
s__OXYD1-FULL-39-9 sp001773295
s__Streptomyces sp022695595
s__JADFRC01 sp022561455
s__Methylovulum sp002422395
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_G
s__Avilachnospira sp022768465
s__AAA044-D11 sp903898855
s__CAG-196 sp934747335
s__Geodermatophilus normandii
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031273925
s__Guyparkeria sp003932495
s__UBA1224 sp030528845
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212535
s__JACMPA01 sp013289705
s__CAJBEZ01 sp031292235
s__Clostridium butyricum_A
s__Flavobacterium sp002482885
s__JAIELD01 sp019753285
s__Treponema_D sp937885175
s__JAFIHQ01 sp017849315
s__JAHDVS01 sp020845695
s__Caldimicrobium thiodismutans_A
s__AV69 sp003217965
s__Lepagella sp017620885
s__JAEUWB01 sp016786595
s__Marinobacterium_A profundum
s__UBA1557 sp002793035
s__Lawsonibacter sp015068065
s__Desulfobulbus sp009782165
s__Prosthecobacter sp945882215
s__UBA6772 sp002453265
s__JAAZNS01 sp016929095
s__RUG762 sp029005175
s__Legionella fallonii
s__RUG099 sp902786855
s__JABMPR01 sp029939675
s__Phormidesmis sp012033015
s__Pseudothioglobus sp002698045
s__RKRQ01 sp951812945
s__Methylumidiphilus sp028711365
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947488845
s__VGCH01 sp016870115
s__JAJZHV01 sp021804345
s__Coproplasma sp947174955
s__JAIRLU01 sp031275325
s__G020344255 sp020344255
s__Ornithinimicrobium_A sp021535045
s__Cellulomonas sp023390875
s__CAG-269 sp946491915
s__CAG-791 sp017627275
s__SYSU-D60015 sp022844005
s__Rhodopila sp025354865
s__SYAC01 sp947474205
s__Niabella sp017744715
s__CALAZP01 sp937926355
s__CAG-632 sp017460485
s__JAFGKQ01 sp016928495
s__Lewinella sp913057725
s__Collinsella sp902493835
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947625345
s__Cupriavidus sp000292345
s__Inquilinus sp005938675
s__C7867-001 sp943914435
s__Lactococcus allomyrinae
s__Collinsella sp905214895
s__Bact-11 sp017619655
s__Secundilactobacillus hailunensis
s__Gluconacetobacter takamatsuzukensis
s__Bacteroides sp944320945
s__JACCUZ01 sp026786145
s__M0103 sp006227105
s__JANWJM01 sp025449475
s__JAGTVG01 sp024644875
s__Aquimarina sp937951135
s__BA9 sp014879635
s__JAHEGN01 sp024639515
s__Neorhizobium cereale
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902536205
s__Prosthecobacter sp021151605
s__Neobacillus sp030915525
s__Variovorax sp029893635
s__SZUA-242 sp003235715
s__Nitrospira_D sp005239465
s__Arthrobacter defluvii_A
s__CAJIZE01 sp905181855
s__1-14-0-10-44-23 sp002773475
s__SHXV01 sp009693105
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp009691725
s__Joostella atrarenae
s__Daejeonella sp030684675
s__UBA6022 sp946886725
s__GCA-2748055 sp029934875
s__Mycobacterium sp001667505
s__JAKACX01 sp021797415
s__JADLEQ01 sp963169915
s__Arachnia sp934636715
s__Gallimonas sp947631925
s__QUBU01 sp963205295
s__Friedmanniella sagamiharensis
s__ELB16-189 sp016650355
s__WFSH01 sp026988035
s__JJ008 sp024643655
s__Xanthomonas_A sp025665335
s__Methylobacterium sp022829365
s__JAUSPO01 sp030656575
s__Lancefieldella sp015258705
s__UBA12463 sp016215735
s__JAHEMU01 sp029882725
s__JAAUUJ01 sp012030715
s__Guyparkeria sp011380105
s__Paenibacillus_Z montanisoli_A
s__JAKQJL01 sp029561175
s__Cellvibrio sp025362015
s__UMGS2069 sp947625955
s__O2-12-FULL-51-8 sp001805895
s__Falsochrobactrum ovis
s__Nonlabens sp030731685
s__JAIRKH01 sp031258305
s__Berkiella sp013288185
s__JAJFKX01 sp021772975
s__Metallibacterium sp003233305
s__MED-G14 sp902574335
s__Microsaccharimonas sp028286395
s__Streptomyces sp009834125
s__Alteromonas halophila
s__Maribacter sp005771495
s__JAIRLG01 sp031259625
s__DTU089 sp017521425
s__Methylopumilus_A sp024640945
s__Gordonia insulae
s__VYFG01 sp947259885
s__LD21 sp003157055
s__Herbaspirillum sp015655165
s__ULC077BIN1 sp003249025
s__OLB17 sp013695495
s__GWA1-54-10 sp026397405
s__JACQTG01 sp016210895
s__CAG-448 sp017462125
s__UBA974 sp905480095
s__2-02-FULL-40-13 sp001779235
s__JAQWRV01 sp029243545
s__Henriciella barbarensis
s__SpSt-77 sp014874475
s__DAHVFY01 sp027316765
s__Neisseria sp030527965
s__ELB16-189 sp025358195
s__Acidaminococcus sp019416065
s__Ancylobacter oerskovii
s__Mariprofundus sp027018975
s__SPCO01 sp029240655
s__JAACEU01 sp029939035
s__Paracaedimonas acanthamoebae_A
s__Sphingomonas sp013822915
s__Aestuariivita boseongensis
s__JAEZWM01 sp030537815
s__JACWAO01 sp023474185
s__VAZQ01 sp955652925
s__Gallimonas sp947630035
s__Fen-1231 sp025358315
s__CALGXT01 sp937935255
s__Deinococcus piscis
s__JAJYVT01 sp021850345
s__JAGWJU01 sp027451985
s__Micavibrio_C aeruginosavorus_A
s__TMED112 sp902526535
s__JADGCS01 sp015228875
s__CANPZB01 sp947588755
s__Algicoccus sp945876565
s__MAG-120531 sp905182295
s__JACRMB01 sp016235065
s__G020349025 sp020349025
s__UBA5972 sp030950185
s__IGN2 sp029863735
s__Nocardioides zeae
s__DUUS01 sp028685445
s__SIG351 sp017935525
s__UBA1259 sp017502525
s__CAG-269 sp944388015
s__JAISNN01 sp031289865
s__AWTP1-35 sp023427825
s__Breoghania sp030066895
s__JAEUOS01 sp016790695
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017555445
s__JABMMZ01 sp030832905
s__SKRR01 sp007118345
s__SpSt-1165 sp011053085
s__JACDGE01 sp013815465
s__Actinosynnema ecbatanense
s__Thiobacillus sp016124745
s__Nocardioides aquaticus
s__JACQRF01 sp016206635
s__Halovulum sp938049225
s__Rhodoluna sp947489135
s__CALVVN01 sp944363865
s__BP-173 sp030841035
s__CALCTU01 sp937907045
s__Algoriphagus sp018336015
s__JAEUKA01 sp937868485
s__Caccovivens sp944383975
s__Streptomyces sp002941025
s__UBA1740 sp017546745
s__PeH17 sp947168565
s__UBA6176 sp002422905
s__Prevotella sp937916405
s__Enterousia sp017450905
s__CAG-533 sp934086395
s__VGBK01 sp016932695
s__SHND01 sp004295045
s__SM23-62 sp030667765
s__Ruminococcus_E sp015066595
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902538515
s__JAMLIN01 sp023954135
s__CAISGS01 sp947452365
s__Rhodococcus xishaensis
s__JAAVLZ01 sp012034405
s__Streptomyces hygroscopicus_C
s__Sulfurimonas sp026987995
s__JAADGE01 sp026987795
s__Palauibacter sp029262175
s__UBA1924 sp913062615
s__Enterousia sp937885575
s__Sphingobacterium hungaricum
s__Zeimonas sp019635275
s__Porisulfidus sp026713705
s__Propioniciclava sp012517965
s__JAKAEG01 sp021812785
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017458845
s__Paraburkholderia elongata
s__Rhizobium lusitanum_C
s__Brevefilum sp012522475
s__Phyllobacterium sp900104355
s__Pelagibacter sp902635975
s__JAANAU01 sp015231375
s__Urechidicola sp913061425
s__CAMLIT01 sp946480295
s__Flavobacterium sasangense
s__RGIG7179 sp017556505
s__MED-G116 sp902578815
s__Methyloceanibacter caenitepidi
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902572825
s__JAAXTX01 sp013336285
s__Syntrophopropionicum sp028704035
s__Chromatium okenii
s__Sulfuricurvum sp011391735
s__FACHB-886 sp014764505
s__Gallimonas sp947587085
s__Trichormus sp002896875
s__Desulfosporosinus meridiei
s__Enterousia sp014802705
s__Afipia sp017308495
s__CAMAXT01 sp945862295
s__Agathobaculum sp944380975
s__Propionicimonas sp023392635
s__Planktophila sp009691145
s__Gracilimonas sediminicola
s__4572-13 sp937995495
s__JABIPA01 sp018699495
s__Zag111 sp946055575
s__JAAYHS01 sp023435565
s__Pelagibacter sp014653775
s__JAFGET01 sp016931435
s__Conexibacter sp018268595
s__Microvirga brassicacearum
s__Egerieousia sp937906795
s__Domibacillus robiginosus
s__RUG410 sp017471705
s__Hyphomonas sp014763715
s__Duncaniella sp023665865
s__Cardinium sp000304455
s__UBA953 sp004293385
s__JAEUMW01 sp016791285
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023388935
s__HSG29 sp030377915
s__Microbacterium sp022761035
s__Ignatzschineria sp030150405
s__Gluconobacter sp018256155
s__Maribacter_C sp947500435
s__Sphingomonas phyllosphaerae
s__Caldilinea sp018969295
s__Sulfurovum sp027068435
s__FACHB-68 sp014695725
s__Sulfurimonas sp013607665
s__UBA10281 sp017503885
s__Palsa-187 sp025350105
s__Dokdonia sp020630915
s__UBA4372 sp018064685
s__JAEUSE01 sp023245955
s__UBA3583 sp029537395
s__Rubrivivax sp021298085
s__JALZAE01 sp030948535
s__UBA3478 sp018623195
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp016649475
s__CADDYX01 sp902810735
s__Kmv31 sp014859305
s__Moraxella sp030528385
s__Avilachnospira sp030526295
s__HIMB59 sp902528805
s__CAG-115 sp022766785
s__Scatomorpha sp958428885
s__JADGGM01 sp025450035
s__JAISKG01 sp031256775
s__Helicobacter_E baculiformis
s__Marvinbryantia sp947630735
s__CAG-793 sp947624735
s__UBA4421 sp013151695
s__RGIG2000 sp017420755
s__Enterovibrio coralii
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp019137195
s__Collinsella sp902494605
s__Nesterenkonia lutea
s__JACTMI01 sp017860005
s__CANJGB01 sp947473805
s__Sediminibacterium sp030726065
s__JAQBRT01 sp028286345
s__Pseudovibrio hongkongensis
s__Lederbergia_A citri
s__Faecisoma sp946491675
s__Comamonas sp947306475
s__UBA940 sp031285345
s__F23-B02 sp934597175
s__UBA1383 sp017882885
s__Parvibaculum sp002684405
s__JARGOK01 sp029233985
s__VMDK01 sp020635435
s__JACKQE01 sp020852405
s__Lyngbya confervoides
s__JAUVIJ01 sp030592835
s__Mycoplasma_K todarodis
s__JACCQS01 sp030862345
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902461985
s__WTAK01 sp016937995
s__RGIG5579 sp947589595
s__JAJRXC01 sp029246685
s__RUG11783 sp017460285
s__RF16 sp905233255
s__Shewanella sp019654915
s__Thiolinea sp002747435
s__Saccharopolyspora_C gloriosae
s__JACZWL01 sp027295475
s__Blautia_A sp934424005
s__Cysteiniphilum sp020629575
s__ER46 sp027482185
s__JASGCR01 sp030054015
s__Rugamonas_A fusca
s__CALMJU01 sp937864465
s__Exiguobacterium sp018618415
s__JAENVT01 sp016650435
s__JACQTT01 sp016210665
s__SXXZ01 sp005789375
s__JAFGHS01 sp016928025
s__S139-71 sp015491595
s__JAIRMB01 sp031268535
s__Onthovivens sp949299165
s__Oribacterium sp934279105
s__JAUYPW01 sp030697525
s__Pseudonocardia eucalypti
s__G020344215 sp020344215
s__JAFAEM01 sp946479055
s__JAPLZH01 sp030648705
s__RGIG4140 sp947627155
s__Ruminococcus_E sp002493005
s__Devosia geojensis
s__QYOJ01 sp014860625
s__UBA721 sp938082855
s__Salinarimonas ramus
s__Sphingosinicella soli
s__JADFHG01 sp022567365
s__Ferruginibacter sp025352435
s__Ramlibacter sp003797765
s__Scatosoma sp017504465
s__SCRA01 sp028869325
s__JAADEQ01 sp027083895
s__JABWBR01 sp013360405
s__WREN01 sp009779295
s__Neorhizobium sp018760785
s__Collinsella sp902490305
s__RUG12834 sp902783185
s__CAG-452 sp934162625
s__JACOWY01 sp016176555
s__Phil12 sp021443125
s__JAOZMN01 sp029934265
s__Chryseobacterium indologenes_A
s__SZUA-540 sp024197615
s__JABMMZ01 sp027490055
s__Nodosilinea torsiva
s__Oceaniferula sp029288115
s__Methylomicrobium sp016745425
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009764645
s__UBA738 sp934511165
s__Odoribacter lunatus
s__Croceimicrobium sp913055685
s__JAFGJK01 sp016929135
s__CALMTC01 sp937872535
s__Niveibacterium sp009781175
s__JAQVDA01 sp028698535
s__Marinobacter sp001447155
s__NBLH01 sp002084525
s__UMGS1279 sp017382915
s__WRJI01 sp009782825
s__Butyrivibrio sp003625475
s__RECM01 sp020201275
s__B22-G15 sp021158845
s__Mobilicoccus pelagius
s__JANSYL01 sp937916365
s__Novosphingobium sp025340265
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938028605
s__Acholeplasma equirhinis
s__Flavobacterium sp934675205
s__JAFGSI01 sp937960595
s__Faecousia sp934668285
s__Chelativorans sp031180965
s__Cryobacterium sp030063365
s__Ventrenecus sp902766135
s__UBA2475 sp013697245
s__DTU064 sp947628165
s__JAISGB01 sp031263335
s__SIG502 sp015067675
s__Butyrivibrio sp946623755
s__CALNCH01 sp937875245
s__UBA919 sp937868555
s__Vescimonas sp015067765
s__Azomonas macrocytogenes
s__Telluria sp946481275
s__Aeromicrobium sp025964895
s__SCUS01 sp028287085
s__Oscillatoria princeps
s__Moraxella_A sp937889485
s__Sporolactobacillus putidus
s__Thermaurantiacus sp937995515
s__CAIZGX01 sp016868835
s__CHB1 sp011525875
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp004144175
s__PALSA-967 sp003151745
s__UBA4408 sp002389785
s__Mycobacterium litorale_B
s__CALZKB01 sp945787575
s__SZUA-584 sp029265435
s__JALLOL01 sp027717865
s__UBA2970 sp913061285
s__Lentihominibacter sp946628525
s__Pararobbsia sp026225235
s__Nocardia araoensis
s__CAKVON01 sp934792625
s__Salinisphaera hydrothermalis
s__JAKLLR01 sp022014175
s__Parasphingopyxis sp013378055
s__Burkholderia sp017104645
s__CAIKZZ01 sp025355245
s__CALDDH01 sp937936465
s__Blochmannia vicinus_A
s__JAOUFA01 sp029858545
s__Rhizobium_E setariae
s__Actinotalea subterranea
s__CAG-170 sp934661715
s__Labilithrix sp009781005
s__JAEUNX01 sp016791025
s__CAIKXV01 sp947458265
s__Neptunochlamydia sp030064985
s__Luteolibacter sp027483005
s__Marivibrio halodurans
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_B suwonensis_B
s__Litorilituus sp003545765
s__CAG-269 sp017409455
s__Novipirellula galeiformis
s__DRQV01 sp011371325
s__Glaciecola ruwaisensis
s__Aquimarina sp947493495
s__Caccenecus sp015059425
s__MGBC120314 sp024696615
s__Nanosynbacter sp030528625
s__UBA5757 sp002418965
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017431955
s__RGIG5669 sp030536365
s__PCC-6304 sp024220515
s__Chordicoccus sp902803635
s__Asticcacaulis sp000495855
s__Phocaeicola sp937912035
s__Salinicola halophilus
s__UBA4951 sp946410525
s__DSUN01 sp016872875
s__SSC3 sp013693815
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_M
s__UBA8752 sp002862785
s__Ess09-15 sp031082145
s__JAKLIU01 sp022709445
s__Aliikangiella sp015687155
s__Niabella ginsengisoli
s__DTU019 sp913757435
s__Emergencia sp937997955
s__JAPLXH01 sp026396195
s__Eubacterium_R sp022511225
s__SIG440 sp017546165
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017548445
s__Lightella neohaematopini_D
s__Fen-1467 sp028688225
s__JABWAJ01 sp022841505
s__Gramella sp019357415
s__JABMQK01 sp013203265
s__JAGPCH01 sp030855105
s__SLPQ01 sp007131925
s__JAFGQU01 sp016935525
s__Pelethenecus sp947589245
s__JALHRI01 sp022841525
s__Pseudomonas_E agronomica
s__Sedimentibacter sp028709465
s__SLAA01 sp003564775
s__Micromonospora_H polyrhachis
s__Polaribacter sp947497125
s__Cellulomonas palmilytica
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_L
s__JACQFA01 sp016200255
s__Planococcus rifietoensis
s__Methylotetracoccus oryzae
s__Actinobacillus vicugnae
s__Nocardia tengchongensis
s__Lysobacter_H penaei
s__Cellulosilyticum sp934725855
s__GCA-2746185 sp002746185
s__Ruminococcus sp029572815
s__Kushneria aurantia
s__Methylomirabilis oxyfera_C
s__Mariniblastus sp937928555
s__Sphingobium sp001658005
s__RGIG10359 sp017958225
s__OLB17 sp023389035
s__UBA4053 sp002382125
s__Methylocella sp004564215
s__CATJXY01 sp949744505
s__DYIV01 sp020723435
s__Sphingomonas sp001422045
s__JACNKJ01 sp014382085
s__RGIG3102 sp029007985
s__Palsa-295 sp031296075
s__2-12-FULL-52-36 sp030018855
s__JAJZCD01 sp025928155
s__DQWO01 sp029940125
s__Metamycoplasma phocicerebrale
s__NICIL-2 sp003695605
s__Mesorhizobium sp001427285
s__JAEWBQ01 sp946885745
s__JAEULF01 sp016793965
s__CAJVWL01 sp913009745
s__JAFUXM01 sp017443985
s__Evtepia sp017547425
s__WQYJ01 sp031262845
s__Mariniblastus sp029979005
s__Proteiniborus sp030263895
s__UBA1847 sp009937445
s__Amycolatopsis jejuensis
s__Ch67 sp013178375
s__RUG626 sp017400415
s__Leucobacter viscericola
s__Bin87 sp022825745
s__Proteiniclasticum sp003514505
s__UBA4151 sp002722845
s__Isachenkonia sp007120165
s__Novosphingobium sp025359685
s__Pedobacter sp946479715
s__CAG-269 sp947594935
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_B
s__Megasphaera sp937895695
s__UBA6164 sp026988025
s__WLMZ01 sp025351965
s__Bacteroides sp947038155
s__JAGQLY01 sp020428905
s__Caenibius estronivorus
s__Chersky-267 sp017881905
s__Paenibacillus_E planticolens
s__Mycoplasmopsis agalactiae_A
s__LD21 sp021371855
s__JAGWBE01 sp028875085
s__JACQRZ01 sp016206235
s__Pseudophaeobacter leonis
s__Reyranella sp023436825
s__JAJACP01 sp021772455
s__Duganella callida
s__Onthousia sp947628065
s__Persephonella atlantica
s__SY8519 sp015057865
s__Arthrobacter sp018613835
s__Malonomonas rubra
s__Fibromonas sp031273195
s__M3007 sp022844265
s__Methylovulum oryzae
s__RPRB01 sp003818285
s__JACPKK01 sp030647775
s__RUG11130 sp017481265
s__Pelagibacter sp013204495
s__Anseongella ginsenosidimutans_A
s__Sulfitobacter sp938003685
s__Granulicella sp019351975
s__UBA12077 sp030637515
s__CASDQQ01 sp949282945
s__JAPLVM01 sp026397115
s__Rubrobacter_E calidifluminis
s__Treponema_D sp018064785
s__Dyella_B monticola
s__JALZIY01 sp030860085
s__Archangium_A gephyra_A
s__JAOXRY01 sp025800305
s__CAMCNU01 sp902488965
s__Enterocloster sp902464595
s__UBA1213 sp017454565
s__JABGOW01 sp018645275
s__Actinopolyspora mzabensis
s__Chlamydophila caviae
s__Tenacibaculum sp947498805
s__Yoonia tamlensis
s__CANRLS01 sp947626465
s__Pricia antarctica
s__Corynebacterium sp946998835
s__LFER01 sp028150825
s__JAAYBF01 sp013811765
s__Kordiimonas sp024398035
s__Palsa-739 sp019234175
s__JANQOZ01 sp028285525
s__UBA1174 sp031259485
s__CAG-582 sp947626015
s__JACQMA01 sp016203825
s__B118-G9 sp016936335
s__Clostridium_AR fungisolvens
s__JAGOBX01 sp017999075
s__Intestinimonas sp944387245
s__JABFXX01 sp018057605
s__Lampropedia sp030528485
s__UBA6955 sp022451865
s__UMGS172 sp949295415
s__Pseudoalteromonas piscicida_B
s__Gemella sp927911695
s__Nitrospira_A sp020853775
s__JASGLU01 sp030156825
s__DUSS01 sp020725645
s__Aureliella sp020427005
s__Pontibacter sp030546575
s__UBA1952 sp018267675
s__UBA4372 sp947170495
s__GWF2-43-63 sp020720525
s__UBA10015 sp016212005
s__Onthousia sp944331725
s__JAFAGX01 sp030040855
s__JAIXVT01 sp027482725
s__CAKSIW01 sp934463175
s__JAUHZG01 sp030425845
s__Limnohabitans sp903831655
s__Ramlibacter sp028292195
s__Nitrococcus sp030452365
s__JAFGLF01 sp016928195
s__JAEUJG01 sp016794765
s__Mariprofundus sp013387475
s__Caulobacter sp000712075
s__Streptomyces sedi
s__Neorhizobium tarimense
s__JAJFGX01 sp027047045
s__Psychrilyobacter sp003973585
s__JABCZZ01 sp013289445
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp026692705
s__Sphingobium scionense
s__NS-12 sp005877615
s__UBA2834 sp946406665
s__Rathayibacter oskolensis
s__Rubrivivax_A sp024641965
s__UBA6170 sp030653365
s__Alistipes sp020026335
s__CAG-177 sp024404065
s__Moduliflexus flocculans
s__Gemella haemolysans_C
s__SLHU01 sp007133255
s__Bacteroides sp944322285
s__UBA7523 sp018335855
s__UBA5124 sp000503875
s__SXPC01 sp005778225
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp029767755
s__Treponema_D sp902773215
s__JANQKA01 sp028281405
s__RFPC01 sp020434495
s__CYSP01 sp001298735
s__CAKUOV01 sp029219345
s__Alteromonas gilva
s__Sporotomaculum geothermicum_C
s__SZUA-217 sp003230435
s__Eubacterium_T sp903789635
s__JAADIZ01 sp027050775
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp000384335
s__Tamlana_A haliotis
s__JAFGNH01 sp016927115
s__Merdicola sp958422985
s__VGOF01 sp016875925
s__Pseudoduganella lurida
s__JACQUM01 sp016210295
s__UBA11774 sp934351705
s__VGPI01 sp016875595
s__UBA952 sp002696025
s__JAGOTN01 sp018061745
s__JALSSX01 sp027041035
s__CAG-269 sp947573555
s__Capnocytophaga sp002999135
s__Rothia sp015265375
s__JAIEPM01 sp019747875
s__Eisenbergiella sp944380025
s__CANQKG01 sp947624575
s__SZUA-186 sp003230545
s__JAHITT01 sp018817715
s__AG-414-E02 sp902568465
s__Pseudomonas_E sp025466085
s__OFTM49 sp029259695
s__HIMB59 sp902515765
s__Pelagibacter sp902518235
s__HIMB59 sp902584795
s__Alistipes sp017561105
s__HRBIN24 sp002898615
s__Oligella sp030538235
s__Microlunatus_B speluncae
s__Quinella sp947307055
s__Ruminococcus sp017960805
s__FB2012 sp017458445
s__CANRIN01 sp947593925
s__Scatomorpha sp012513005
s__JAIRMB01 sp031254835
s__RAAP-2 sp937975915
s__UMGS1663 sp017934475
s__Enterousia sp017463185
s__Nocardioides sp025965335
s__JAIPEI01 sp021737245
s__2-02-FULL-43-13 sp001819295
s__DTJG01 sp029552985
s__Paraburkholderia sp003429005
s__Pelagibacter sp902538885
s__Thiolapillus sp026985055
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902510115
s__Oxalobacter sp937916185
s__GCA-2747035 sp002747035
s__AG29 sp003221995
s__Flavitalea sp014379345
s__Marivirga sp024636815
s__UBA1732 sp002315855
s__UBA10348 sp937876355
s__UKL13-2 sp021300055
s__Pelagibacter sp902617805
s__SYBY01 sp016463765
s__Desulfomonile tiedjei
s__WQVC01 sp009779835
s__UBA1784 sp017629975
s__Methylotenera sp947451235
s__Nocardioides baekrokdamisoli
s__JAAXHV01 sp026710545
s__Streptococcus plurextorum
s__Acutalibacter sp946554335
s__Collinsella sp902406375
s__NC2004 sp017621205
s__Aphodocola sp947586655
s__Geodermatophilus chilensis
s__UBA1188 sp017541975
s__WRMR01 sp031269105
s__UBA636 sp934725085
s__Rothia sp030524105
s__JALHOM01 sp022842995
s__JAGQSN01 sp019639075
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_E
s__Sinomicrobium sp003285545
s__Ectobacillus sp023022965
s__Brotaphodocola sp021204025
s__Haloferula rhizosphaerae
s__Treponema_D sp937892225
s__T1SED10-84 sp003554685
s__AWTP1-13 sp024281145
s__Hominimerdicola sp017478965
s__CANMYO01 sp947502145
s__Oceaniferula sp024233115
s__UBA3631 sp946544685
s__Flavobacterium soyangense
s__Deinococcus sp004801315
s__GCA-002707245 sp002707245
s__HGM12713 sp017461365
s__JACPZF01 sp016195615
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947630355
s__Polaromonas sp002379085
s__RHAI01 sp010028705
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947504725
s__SG8-4 sp016782865
s__Leadbettera sp031259345
s__Fermentibacter sp030373045
s__Monoglobus sp948468535
s__UBA2475 sp023251775
s__C7867-001 sp016217905
s__Erythrobacter sp016125555
s__Hyphococcus sp021776335
s__Sphingobacterium sp002933815
s__Propionicimonas sp020846255
s__UBA2400 sp002343265
s__JAJFLL01 sp021772695
s__X23 sp030013905
s__JACPFZ01 sp016182725
s__Desulfovibrio sp017450275
s__Chitinophaga horti
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003221825
s__CTSoil-081 sp017889725
s__RGIG6154 sp944388555
s__Paralcaligenes sp021266465
s__SXWH01 sp945861385
s__GCA-002718515 sp030748455
s__JACDAL01 sp030859735
s__Sphingomonas sp029433115
s__Mariniphaga anaerophila
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017550025
s__Flavihumibacter sp029778965
s__JAGUXD01 sp020062035
s__Camelimonas fluminis
s__PALSA-1295 sp021324685
s__Heritagella sp019418545
s__JAUSKT01 sp030646915
s__JAKLHL01 sp022710165
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510985
s__Nocardia inohanensis
s__Polynucleobacter sp024642065
s__Mycobacterium sp008329605
s__Jiangella rhizosphaerae
s__Ventricola sp934631055
s__Petrachloros mirabilis
s__CAIXSE01 sp903912585
s__Marvinbryantia sp902473545
s__JAEUMW01 sp016791345
s__JAUCGG01 sp030378015
s__JAUWWO01 sp030616825
s__Natranaerovirga pectinivora
s__JAHEEI01 sp024640785
s__WO2-35-19 sp012514175
s__UBA5009 sp021731025
s__Caballeronia pumila
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp913060575
s__JAFDAE01 sp030613165
s__Veillonella sp915066865
s__Synergistes sp017537925
s__Collinsella sp934655835
s__Anderseniella sp947488295
s__UBA3402 sp947628025
s__Actinoplanes subtropicus
s__JADGRQ01 sp017880775
s__CALXAK01 sp944386255
s__Palsa-1315 sp011391455
s__GCA-002841655 sp030696105
s__UBA2595 sp022735835
s__RH2-MAG17b sp002197525
s__UBA1715 sp024409235
s__Frisingicoccus sp017391465
s__Brevibacterium sp902489215
s__JAIRKM01 sp025997415
s__Acetatifactor sp015056975
s__Allochristensenella caecavium
s__VGSG01 sp016875095
s__Qipengyuania algicida
s__Novosphingobium pokkalii
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007693395
s__Peribacillus sp017355165
s__Actinoplanes aureus
s__Arthrobacter sp002892835
s__Flavivirga aquimarina
s__WRGV01 sp009785885
s__Xenorhabdus sp021730485
s__JACQVA1 sp016210005
s__Epibacterium scottomollicae
s__Azospira sp003112695
s__Arthrobacter globiformis
s__UBA1738 sp002315735
s__Kribbella qitaiheensis
s__JACRHF01 sp016214375
s__WQYJ01 sp009782785
s__Sphingosinicella sp016793845
s__Gillisia hiemivivida
s__JAUNVW01 sp030540635
s__Tepidiforma sp020853755
s__Agromyces binzhouensis
s__Williamwhitmania taraxaci
s__Wigglesworthia glossinidia_B
s__JAMXLG01 sp024281135
s__Scatovivens sp947642355
s__JADGOC01 sp017883165
s__Chlamydiifrater phoenicopteri
s__UBA3950 sp029982105
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp027533425
s__VXNF01 sp028819945
s__Rhodoluna limnophila_B
s__JAQBRV01 sp028286285
s__Bacteroides_D sp905373625
s__UBA3402 sp947626365
s__UBA7109 sp002492335
s__Cryosericum sp030652945
s__CASDZP01 sp949285535
s__Pelagibacter sp902574215
s__JAUYMC01 sp030699545
s__Brevefilum sp011620555
s__Cellulomonas citrea
s__Marivita sp030428355
s__Oryzomonas sp003151775
s__JALHQU01 sp025352235
s__Paracoccus sp946221145
s__34-128 sp003575245
s__Kitasatospora sp029892095
s__Luminiphilus sp000227505
s__RGIG9107 sp019420085
s__Arcticimaribacter sp022424955
s__Hominiventricola sp021202815
s__Paeniglutamicibacter sp030540695
s__Thiohalocapsa sp913063425
s__CAG-611 sp029012525
s__Borkfalkia sp944376145
s__JACQXU01 sp016188475
s__Alsobacter ponti
s__Rosenbergiella metrosideri
s__JAGGSF01 sp021159305
s__Fen-1064 sp028712845
s__CALCJG01 sp937967705
s__Brevundimonas subvibrioides
s__Rhodoferax_C aquaticus
s__PHOS-HE28 sp023418095
s__JABMNR01 sp013203465
s__Pseudolabrys sp025451355
s__RUG626 sp947631845
s__JAFGLR01 sp016927955
s__Pseudomonas sp016919445
s__DUSS01 sp012842495
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514025
s__Methylobacter_C sp903839795
s__USCg-Taylor sp002007425
s__Bact-19 sp017551515
s__UMGS872 sp947623925
s__Companilactobacillus baiquanensis
s__VGOG01 sp030615705
s__Pelagibacter sp902527635
s__CALJTV01 sp937975645
s__JAIRLF01 sp031279735
s__Thermomonas alba
s__JAISDN01 sp031264785
s__Vreelandella sp025643255
s__JAEYXS01 sp021156225
s__JAAZMI01 sp012518675
s__Anaerofustis sp019420015
s__JAFGGB01 sp016930775
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_F
s__JABDCN01 sp013287745
s__Palsa-295 sp030044295
s__SCTV01 sp004298345
s__Fen-1245 sp021787855
s__JAIRNH01 sp031258155
s__JAEZJQ01 sp029974635
s__UBA3064 sp016868095
s__Bacillus_BM vietnamensis_B
s__RECZ01 sp007693765
s__Sphingomonas_I sp030546695
s__MWAR01 sp029565415
s__Labilibaculum filiforme
s__Pelotomaculum_C sp028702695
s__Collinsella sp902494585
s__HdN1 sp000198515
s__Streptomyces sp900105755
s__Butyrivibrio sp946546925
s__JANBVJ01 sp024239055
s__Sphingomonas sp030580995
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905234015
s__JAGREA01 sp020446745
s__UBA4334 sp017450985
s__Eubacterium_I sp021204085
s__Crenothrix sp005239965
s__Crocinitomix sp013138735
s__SIG30 sp947594025
s__Hydrogenothermus sp003978675
s__Pelagibacter sp902571955
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903864505
s__JALEVB01 sp944326095
s__UNRQ01 sp937867135
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027486555
s__Silanimonas sp027483745
s__Paenibacillus_G cremeus
s__Pelagibacter sp902576565
s__Spirillospora flavalba
s__CAG-269 sp944388745
s__CSBR16-104 sp007117885
s__Desulforhopalus sp023231425
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902774045
s__Bradyrhizobium sp003020115
s__Streptomyces sp026339835
s__Pelagibacter sp902571015
s__JACDQM01 sp015657635
s__JAQGOY01 sp028293375
s__Mycobacterium sp019749805
s__Prosthecobacter sp025360015
s__AR31 sp003220495
s__Methylobacter_A sp004299305
s__SbD1 sp031292195
s__Pelosinus fermentans_B
s__Erythrobacter sp030731635
s__Lederbergia_A panacisoli
s__CAIYBN01 sp903869075
s__Cytobacillus sp019749375
s__JAQYVV01 sp030145275
s__Kyrpidia sp029960885
s__Streptococcus mitis_CV
s__CALVVN01 sp944358255
s__Aestuariivirga sp020161855
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp937927725
s__Meridianibacter frigidus
s__JAIRKI01 sp031289955
s__JAAETI01 sp947258985
s__Aeromicrobium sp014377785
s__JADFXT01 sp029567025
s__DAOUZD01 sp030665795
s__Paenibacillus_S sp022354825
s__Nocardioides sp011250565
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946627685
s__Marinobacter sp003994855
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902523665
s__Pelagicoccus sp000155695
s__Thiohalocapsa sp022340605
s__UBA4465 sp013204595
s__JAEZWM01 sp023443025
s__JAKADJ01 sp027343695
s__Schumannella sp016212425
s__DAHXKG01 sp027366525
s__Pelagibacter sp902528175
s__JAAYHZ01 sp012744235
s__CAZU01 sp015062435
s__JAHIVB01 sp028694875
s__Thermobacillus sp002159085
s__Streptomyces sp026339995
s__UMGS1601 sp947630825
s__Metabacillus litoralis
s__PRT-SC02 sp902572695
s__Roseburia_C sp902782995
s__CAKOLN01 sp945928335
s__JACZWZ01 sp029263095
s__CAIWAD01 sp020726405
s__SHVV01 sp009694095
s__UBA9145 sp023268635
s__Geotalea sp022808985
s__Tateyamaria sp947503465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934725285
s__JAIQFV01 sp020073085
s__JAKPRU01 sp029568995
s__CAIUMH01 sp017883125
s__Caccenecus sp947588665
s__Palsa-744 sp025963935
s__Scybalousia sp947632565
s__Roseomonas sp016107305
s__Arachidicoccus ginsenosidivorans
s__UBA10906 sp947484105
s__Casimicrobium sp025354075
s__Palsa-187 sp030775965
s__JAJQCX01 sp021202495
s__CAG-170 sp934661135
s__Eubacterium_F sp022510615
s__AG-363-O15 sp003278255
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003279455
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005889495
s__GWC2-42-7 sp001803645
s__Pelagibacter sp014654165
s__Paracoccus sediminicola
s__UBA1952 sp004144185
s__Mycobacterium gallinarum
s__JACKHE01 sp029260535
s__DUES01 sp016783135
s__JABDGC01 sp013286215
s__Prevotella sp017548275
s__SXXK01 sp016795145
s__Tardiphaga sp030147505
s__Acidovorax sp003852545
s__UBA2979 sp029247135
s__JACPDD01 sp943357985
s__JAIRNI01 sp031258145
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947165305
s__CALCSX01 sp937894165
s__Collinsella sp934668695
s__Hymenobacter polaris
s__Collinsella sp900546525
s__Alteribacillus_A iranensis
s__Phnomibacter sp027854065
s__JAADJA01 sp030592565
s__UBA6131 sp002435875
s__RUG806 sp017428085
s__JALOQJ01 sp025453445
s__CAKPKF01 sp934167175
s__Paracaedimonas acanthamoebae
s__Pontimonas sp028096805
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944383695
s__Micromonospora rubida
s__JANZZP01 sp026416895
s__Rivularia radiosa_A
s__UBA5794 sp030431785
s__UBA1267 sp017441825
s__CTSoil-080 sp017889635
s__JABDHB01 sp013285775
s__RUG11130 sp017518975
s__Choladousia sp021202075
s__DZDJ01 sp022736715
s__UBA3855 sp017460955
s__JAOZPF01 sp029932895
s__JAEWVY01 sp023396625
s__Rhodoferax sp003347515
s__SM23-33 sp001303665
s__M55B153 sp018399915
s__Pontiella sp030595785
s__Paraburkholderia sp028283785
s__JACCTY01 sp013695665
s__UBA10428 sp024640925
s__JAHFLD01 sp023245035
s__Defluviilinea proxima
s__Bradyrhizobium australiense
s__SURF-43 sp003599735
s__SZUA-442 sp905480055
s__Thiospirillum jenense
s__CAG-791 sp902777355
s__Bermanella sp913054445
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023417285
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017399865
s__JAFGEJ01 sp016929245
s__Cryptobacteroides sp012800665
s__JAPYPO01 sp029937645
s__Reyranella sp005884705
s__UBA11682 sp003455945
s__Ghiorsea sp030949605
s__Actinokineospora sp900070365
s__Microbacterium sp025421715
s__UBA8515 sp016649835
s__UBA9715 sp902764575
s__CAIXPS01 sp021788625
s__VAUL01 sp012026975
s__Helicobacter_D sp000765695
s__Hanamia sp023251335
s__RUG11257 sp017617655
s__OMII01 sp027486155
s__JABDJX01 sp013003245
s__CALABS01 sp937887565
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017619315
s__JAKITT01 sp021647945
s__Pacificimonas sp019204005
s__RUG410 sp902793695
s__UBA1711 sp017960605
s__Fimenecus sp017466205
s__Spyradenecus sp946056345
s__Mycobacterium colombiense_A
s__JAUYKH01 sp030700065
s__JACPMA01 sp016186205
s__Winogradskyella aurantia
s__Microbulbifer okhotskensis
s__Villigracilis sp016234495
s__Paracidovorax sp002397315
s__Sphingobacterium sp015209965
s__UBA6170 sp019429225
s__Methylobacterium sp000519085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905234475
s__Streptomyces populi
s__JAHJTE01 sp018830005
s__Ruegeria sp030426685
s__SbD1 sp002298995
s__JADGBB01 sp015231715
s__GCA-2719675 sp009392295
s__CAIYPG01 sp016867955
s__Streptococcus mitis_AK
s__Arenimonas sp026398715
s__JAUVKT01 sp030596125
s__Roseinatronobacter sp009908405
s__RGIG9287 sp947165155
s__Gordonia effusa
s__Thalassospira sp002115825
s__UBA2336 sp026003355
s__UBA3766 sp017473905
s__JAQUYG01 sp028691985
s__VGLT01 sp030649995
s__JAMLHH01 sp023957245
s__Paenibacillus_Z arachidis
s__Pelagibacter sp902524045
s__JAMWCI01 sp023818655
s__JAIRMY01 sp031278295
s__Salinimicrobium sp946887075
s__JANQIO01 sp028277365
s__WVWN01 sp020356085
s__CAIWTU01 sp017861285
s__JADJWH01 sp016716465
s__Albidovulum sp030429495
s__Bradyrhizobium sp009930815
s__UBA10103 sp030648265
s__RGIG3701 sp030527185
s__CAIRTN01 sp945874805
s__Desulfobaculum xiamenense
s__Corticibacterium populi
s__Celeribacter sp019429625
s__Aliihoeflea sp000497755
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279105
s__Cupriavidus agavae
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003279565
s__Profundicola sp030538275
s__Limnoglobus sp025353985
s__Pelagibacter sp902606645
s__Chlorobium chlorochromatii
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp001775715
s__Agathobacter sp937889225
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp937920985
s__DUPY01 sp012838065
s__UA16 sp937884175
s__JAOZMQ01 sp029934195
s__UBA2093 sp005788815
s__Sphaerimonospora thailandensis
s__JAAYCT01 sp012729635
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp021848555
s__JANTGF01 sp030642585
s__Leptothoe kymatousa
s__Mucispirillum sp945947845
s__UBA4658 sp002405485
s__Edaphobacter sp010093025
s__JASJCC01 sp030066175
s__Collinsella sp902493125
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp025455895
s__UBA1179 sp017612875
s__JAKIU001 sp024280895
s__QZLD01 sp004796385
s__2-01-FULL-50-11 sp001777585
s__Micromonospora sp027497215
s__JAJYWE01 sp021790615
s__PWPP01 sp003558625
s__QYQG01 sp016873905
s__REEB52 sp019694475
s__JANXSH01 sp025356615
s__Endozoicomonas gorgoniicola
s__CAG-791 sp946614165
s__SpSt-1050 sp020725805
s__JAKEHU01 sp022614855
s__Shimwellia pseudoproteus
s__AM-2324 sp913056515
s__Telluria sp900101265
s__UBA5760 sp016931015
s__Acidocella sp026224825
s__Prevotella sp017965475
s__Microsaccharimonas sp023432445
s__UBA952 sp016872115
s__Cybelea sp019247395
s__JASBZA01 sp029983685
s__Marisediminicola sp026785785
s__GCA-020344555 sp030622435
s__WQVC01 sp009786925
s__Ruminococcus sp017443395
s__Sulfitobacter alexandrii
s__Villigracilis sp903837815
s__JAGVVH01 sp023392945
s__Pelagibacter sp902511185
s__CACIJG01 sp902556405
s__CALAJY01 sp937923265
s__Nitrogeniibacter halophilus_A
s__JAEZJZ01 sp023436245
s__JAKFUT01 sp019752635
s__UBA1711 sp024400665
s__Luminiphilus sp902613175
s__Methylomonas rapida
s__Sodaliphilus sp947302275
s__UBA5348 sp012837765
s__Streptomyces apricus
s__Azonexus sp018261905
s__JAUWZD01 sp030615505
s__Bog-366 sp030040295
s__DMER64 sp012839605
s__JAAYEM01 sp012728725
s__JACCTI01 sp030948055
s__RFSX01 sp023300835
s__G030254645 sp030254645
s__UBA2093 sp945901725
s__GCA-2747695 sp030599055
s__UBA2199 sp016934475
s__Rhizobium sp012641395
s__CAG-196 sp934754425
s__Tb-RUG-66 sp016288255
s__Collinsella sp958403205
s__VBCG01 sp955652025
s__Alistipes sp017410165
s__SIG455 sp017502845
s__Martelella alba
s__Kordiimonas sp002401685
s__GCA-2722315 sp012272825
s__Caloranaerobacter sp001316435
s__JAEUWC01 sp016786465
s__CAJATL01 sp903930725
s__Methylocella aurea
s__Maricaulis sp017643475
s__HGM12713 sp017462795
s__Streptomyces rhizoryzae
s__UBA1135 sp002311925
s__JABDFU01 sp013286385
s__Prosthecobacter sp027489965
s__Dyella_B sp021390675
s__Arenibacter sp023015905
s__UBA9160 sp003520425
s__Actinoplanes azureus
s__Pseudoduganella sp001427305
s__Henriciella algicola
s__GCA-2733885 sp002733885
s__JAUREX01 sp030834485
s__SoCistrobi sp900143145
s__Neisseria sp030530545
s__Bacteroides sp023426145
s__Microbacterium sp001314225
s__T78 sp011620465
s__UMGS1865 sp015064155
s__UBA1740 sp946404035
s__UBA2813 sp017477685
s__Tolumonas sp937866945
s__Ruminococcus_E sp015065545
s__Blastococcus sp003319105
s__RUG572 sp902763655
s__JAHBSP01 sp019639055
s__Microcella sp030158585
s__Flavonifractor phocaeensis_A
s__Chlorobium sp012972825
s__JAGPDF01 sp017998715
s__Chryseotalea sanaruensis
s__Blastococcus fimeti
s__Streptococcus sp902470035
s__JAUYIT01 sp030688315
s__Rhizobium bangladeshense_B
s__Blautia_A sp026169535
s__UBA3006 sp023263465
s__OMII01 sp947491545
s__RGIG4694 sp947169455
s__Rubrivivax sp903876715
s__JAAFIG01 sp013298595
s__Ruminiclostridium cellulolyticum
s__Prevotella sp946186945
s__JAGWBF01 sp021296025
s__Alistipes sp949296635
s__Gallispira sp944384235
s__JABEVA01 sp013044065
s__JACZVU01 sp022572485
s__Aminidesulfovibrio aminophilus_A
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003225515
s__JAFAYA01 sp019240395
s__JABMQG01 sp013203365
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_P
s__CAINMV01 sp947507965
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp025963775
s__Albidovulum sp020447005
s__Dyella sedimenti
s__AQU-03 sp018969115
s__Izhakiella australiensis
s__Micavibrio_B sp030824965
s__F23-B02 sp937893605
s__F22 sp029541985
s__UBA2868 sp024682555
s__Reyranella sp017307275
s__Bifidobacterium sp947289115
s__Gp1-AA145 sp003224785
s__Glaciecola sp015595035
s__JABFSX01 sp014377305
s__Chryseomicrobium aureum
s__JADJGA01 sp027008645
s__Kitasatospora sp001905465
s__Petralouisia sp021769425
s__JACKCG01 sp020634135
s__DRMV01 sp027019065
s__Ilumatobacter sp937919625
s__CALXOJ01 sp949289575
s__HGM12713 sp017462035
s__Gelidibacter gilvus
s__RGIG3009 sp017547465
s__WRBB01 sp009779895
s__Oleiagrimonas sp011759385
s__Ramlibacter sp022844525
s__Leucobacter sp017990305
s__Thiovulum_C sp030152305
s__UBA11740 sp003222845
s__UBA964 sp018883185
s__Ferruginibacter sp025963635
s__UBA5627 sp028706995
s__Dyadobacter koreensis
s__UBA9973 sp903907175
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp031280965
s__PALSA-894 sp005884685
s__JAUYKE01 sp030700125
s__AAA536-G10 sp902528415
s__Aneurinibacillus_A tyrosinisolvens
s__Amphritea hakodatensis
s__Enterenecus sp029009035
s__UBA2862 sp030530315
s__Paenibacillus_Z glycinis
s__JACOYE01 sp016182045
s__Palsa-1233 sp025357945
s__Seramator sp029975415
s__UBA7966 sp003485715
s__Salaquimonas sp023954255
s__CAIMNF01 sp947457605
s__Prevotella sp934230685
s__UBA8473 sp009773075
s__UBA737 sp024404145
s__Faeciplasma sp947625375
s__Rathayibacter sp009834185
s__CADEED01 sp023423065
s__JACQWR01 sp016209105
s__Cucumibacter marinus
s__JAEUSB01 sp021413825
s__RGIG3528 sp016287675
s__RUG14239 sp902797145
s__RUG099 sp017431175
s__SAR86A sp902632555
s__JAADGZ01 sp030148325
s__Alloprevotella sp937901345
s__UBA6266 sp023228325
s__UBA4372 sp946626595
s__Streptomyces sp004795015
s__Enterovirga rhinocerotis
s__JACPOE01 sp016185105
s__Tsukamurella asaccharolytica
s__JAAYOA01 sp023420715
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944323285
s__Planococcus sp030147455
s__JABDDJ01 sp013287645
s__Kordiimonas sp015485385
s__Treponema_D sp017430385
s__Bact-11 sp002305275
s__Caproicibacter sp900184925
s__Ideonella paludis
s__Makaraimicrobium thalassicum
s__Limenecus sp945946765
s__JAADJA01 sp016933115
s__Cognatishimia sp013215215
s__Flavobacterium humidisoli
s__BHEP01 sp003851245
s__Roseiarcus fermentans
s__Paenibacillus sp012912005
s__Roseinatronobacter sp003564655
s__GCA-024661895 sp024661895
s__RUG369 sp017550965
s__Thalassotalea_E sp017168195
s__XYD2-FULL-41-14 sp001784435
s__UBA8904 sp002840635
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp023390395
s__Arthrobacter sp002370555
s__Ponticaulis sp002701295
s__DRPN01 sp024762655
s__GCA-2402195 sp021741285
s__Bulleidia sp016280695
s__Streptococcus sp000235485
s__Agromyces eiseniae
s__CAJXXR01 sp913063375
s__UBA2834 sp017514975
s__Arthrobacter sp018613805
s__RUG191 sp905233695
s__CADCVQ01 sp029263125
s__SIG200 sp947627805
s__GCA-2717185 sp021774435
s__UBA5123 sp002415465
s__Nitricoxidireducens sp027325905
s__BOG-908 sp937873095
s__Alteromonas_E oceanisediminis
s__Villigracilis sp016234555
s__Microbacterium sp022346945
s__Spyradenecus sp949288955
s__CANQBQ01 sp947631965
s__Arthrobacter sp000876655
s__GCA-2732015 sp902557845
s__Parasedimentitalea sp013214575
s__Pelagibacter sp905618905
s__KSS12 sp024508355
s__JAHDXW01 sp020846995
s__JAFDAE01 sp030672555
s__Limivicinus sp902761055
s__Terrisporobacter sp902363255
s__Rhodoglobus sp015864945
s__SZUA-37 sp003232015
s__UBA6984 sp937891325
s__JAGFJG01 sp024102915
s__Cognaticolwellia sp007954265
s__Thermotalea metallivorans
s__Bacteriovorax sp014377485
s__GCA-002708315 sp013203805
s__GCA-002787175 sp030689285
s__CALNBE01 sp031273045
s__JAGXRK01 sp022865965
s__Edaphobacter sp009781125
s__Dysgonomonas sp937875275
s__CALDYZ01 sp937944235
s__RUG14300 sp017394805
s__JAIRLK01 sp031255315
s__JALZVT01 sp023300545
s__BNTW01 sp025996895
s__JAFGLP01 sp026389655
s__JAFAWZ01 sp019241495
s__Blastococcus sp004570345
s__JACPZD01 sp023487615
s__Mycobacterium sp018882545
s__JAHDCT01 sp020629735
s__JAFKFH01 sp017307375
s__Fimimonas sp947630455
s__JAAERC01 sp030591405
s__Leekyejoonella antrihumi
s__Quinella sp905234175
s__2-12-FULL-43-12 sp016214105
s__GCA-2724215 sp007571365
s__Pelagibacter sp007833635
s__JAUYHP01 sp030698695
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404335
s__Fervidibacter sp020833105
s__Streptomyces sp002910915
s__Neolewinella sp030431945
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp947253945
s__C-53 sp028694115
s__Pseudomonas_E fildesensis
s__Gemmobacter_B straminiformis
s__JAAELO01 sp024226555
s__Sulfuricurvum sp022759005
s__JAURFX01 sp030834065
s__Alloprevotella sp017479555
s__RGIG3102 sp017505635
s__Neptunochlamydia sp020440405
s__Alistipes sp017632115
s__CADEGL01 sp902826885
s__JAAYKS01 sp017997315
s__Acetatifactor sp947584035
s__JAIUNP01 sp020161975
s__Ruminococcus sp017616055
s__OLB19 sp950073265
s__Pelagibacter sp902632315
s__Collinsella sp014871645
s__Pelagerythrobacter sp946885545
s__JACESU01 sp013822015
s__JANWXQ01 sp025057275
s__NIOZ-UU35 sp016785015
s__UBA1001 sp002291875
s__Dietzia sp024732245
s__RF16 sp017394705
s__Agrococcus jejuensis
s__JAFGTF01 sp016934265
s__Fimimonas sp947630425
s__Marinicella sp030432115
s__JAEUPI01 sp937871935
s__Prevotella sp017619445
s__Roseococcus pinisoli
s__UBA12225 sp945907765
s__Microbacterium sp029267645
s__Azovibrio restrictus_A
s__Methylocella sp024304885
s__Thiogranum sp024102665
s__JAFCZJ01 sp030591745
s__UBA738 sp002315975
s__Aquilonibacter sp030042755
s__GCA-2712665 sp028345065
s__TMED109 sp029243935
s__UBA700 sp002298885
s__Ruminiclostridium sufflavum
s__Ch71 sp012719195
s__GCA-002788555 sp002788555
s__Avelusimicrobium sp016283355
s__UBA12158 sp020056515
s__RFTO01 sp009923375
s__Mesorhizobium sp002295065
s__JAFEBO01 sp019636565
s__Onthomonas sp937858235
s__JAHBUY01 sp019637795
s__Actinoplanes cinnamomeus
s__TCS55 sp002716525
s__Cytobacillus sp023389895
s__Faecousia sp017398725
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946538425
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902782695
s__JAKAFS01 sp021372415
s__Curvibacter sp003987795
s__Deferrisoma camini
s__RUG521 sp902795525
s__JAJDCE01 sp029934675
s__Helicobacter_A didelphidarum
s__Brenneria rubrifaciens
s__Polymorphobacter_B sp025362435
s__Cognatishimia activa_A
s__MB11C04 sp900299365
s__JACCZR01 sp013695855
s__OMHY01 sp900298985
s__G020342025 sp020342025
s__JAADGM01 sp024277615
s__Dysosmobacter sp958426425
s__Sediminibacterium sp013297995
s__Muricauda_A sp003712125
s__Enterousia sp017471805
s__Desulfonatronum thiodismutans
s__HGM13862 sp934271085
s__Herbidospora sakaeratensis
s__SICP01 sp945898045
s__JAKQTR01 sp026393735
s__Streptantibioticus sp003144095
s__Allorhizobium sp003527225
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp023251855
s__Thiomicrorhabdus heinhorstiae
s__JAQUSE01 sp028715235
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030530605
s__SYIM01 sp018969885
s__Nocardiopsis algeriensis
s__Hydrogenothermus marinus
s__GCA-020346225 sp020351995
s__Gp6-AA45 sp003222455
s__Firm-07 sp017453325
s__Nocardiopsis synnemataformans
s__Roseofilum sp030068475
s__UBA3951 sp012842425
s__Paenibacillus_E sp028765165
s__Salinimicrobium nanhaiense
s__Mycobacterium sp001672815
s__JALGZD01 sp030630395
s__Lawsonibacter sp944387745
s__Z2-YC6860 sp019746355
s__DAIETC01 sp027345905
s__UBA967 sp023258235
s__Polynucleobacter sp020059445
s__Roseomonas nepalensis
s__Kitasatospora kifunensis
s__Fuscibacter oryzae
s__UBA1212 sp017848335
s__Zag111 sp949288725
s__CANRGD01 sp947630105
s__Methylobacter_A sp023229605
s__UBA10103 sp943359395
s__Chryseobacterium sp024158915
s__PIVX01 sp013215905
s__Rubrobacter_D sp902806095
s__Perlabentimonas sp002345825
s__Rhizobium jaguaris
s__Palsa-465 sp030946085
s__Bradyrhizobium centrolobii
s__Roseicyclus sp015689745
s__Antribacter soli
s__JAKLKR01 sp023150565
s__Alistipes sp015059965
s__LS-NOB sp002705185
s__MED727 sp902604065
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp029269745
s__JAHHTM01 sp020024675
s__Enhygromyxa salina_A
s__Pseudooceanicola antarcticus_A
s__UBA12077 sp027859205
s__Bin76 sp028819835
s__Flexilinea sp902774215
s__UBA4781 sp012797815
s__UBA1930 sp026931325
s__Psychroserpens luteolus
s__JACCYX01 sp013696265
s__PNKL01 sp025361705
s__Burkholderia sp011605345
s__Pseudomonas_E akapageensis
s__UBA636 sp017432895
s__JABCPO02 sp938045355
s__UBA6821 sp903831635
s__Nocardioides sp031177735
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp017403285
s__Schlesneria sp028291515
s__Minwuia sp029210175
s__Leucobacter sulfamidivorax
s__Cellulosimicrobium cellulans_G
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp030017685
s__UBA5399 sp030266015
s__Ruegeria_B marina
s__Faecousia sp947168005
s__SCUB01 sp004297465
s__JANXPB01 sp025358435
s__JALYXI01 sp030947245
s__Limivicinus sp024403095
s__CAMJML01 sp946407015
s__UBA6168 sp025455635
s__SXKJ01 sp945893045
s__CALKCV01 sp938083405
s__UWMA-0277 sp905181635
s__JAAYGY01 sp938003915
s__Ideonella sp000333615
s__Choladousia sp021199395
s__Ructibacterium sp017546205
s__Glycomyces lechevalierae
s__Salinisphaera shabanensis
s__Rudaea sp025351555
s__Kitasatospora sp900105395
s__UMGS1696 sp017540285
s__RGIG5327 sp017629515
s__SHAN690 sp013204105
s__ELB16-189 sp021299455
s__JACQEP01 sp016200485
s__Arenimonas sp946885815
s__Thioclava sp004153385
s__JAITEJ01 sp031289315
s__Clostridium_J sp029851835
s__JAAYOB01 sp012520575
s__Ectobacillus funiculus
s__WJIJ01 sp014730345
s__Hydrogenispora sp023400055
s__CAMYKD01 sp947259625
s__Tolumonas osonensis
s__CAINDR01 sp026396875
s__XYB12-FULL-38-5 sp027347805
s__Caloramator sp026416875
s__Streptomyces cellostaticus_A
s__Erythrobacter sp013911835
s__RGIG6904 sp937916345
s__SURF-23 sp020057065
s__JACPRU01 sp016189835
s__JAADCZ01 sp013154175
s__Natronosporangium sp009377645
s__Thiomicrospira microaerophila_A
s__UBA1740 sp015063525
s__Tateyamaria sp947503385
s__SXMI01 sp903925745
s__CAKQKQ01 sp934247935
s__Acidocella sp027352905
s__JAFLBD01 sp020850835
s__JABDBV01 sp013288395
s__CAG-552 sp017500845
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401865
s__WRMH01 sp009777235
s__MEDG-81 sp019652555
s__JAUILH01 sp030433115
s__JALYOU01 sp026786005
s__CAG-465 sp947625855
s__JAHEIK01 sp027625315
s__JADFXM01 sp015233565
s__Paracoccus limosus
s__JAOZKL01 sp029935375
s__Paenalcaligenes sp012839585
s__JABMPE01 sp937899075
s__JACPFN01 sp026389065
s__JAHEDJ01 sp024641325
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017616955
s__Erythrobacter sp021732945
s__Mariprofundus sp030951045
s__Geobacter sp003712145
s__UBA11704 sp943354975
s__JAAYYF01 sp937873495
s__Lancefieldella sp916720465
s__Sphingomonas_N sp027625475
s__ZC4RG29 sp003242315
s__Geofilum sp012838865
s__FACHB-68 sp019359355
s__Nodosilinea sp014695395
s__Streptococcus ovuberis
s__XYD1-37-29 sp018656655
s__SZUA-421 sp003245715
s__Pelagibacter sp902592715
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp021647805
s__Acetoanaerobium pronyense
s__UBA2029 sp020724485
s__Dokdonia sp937124495
s__MFBS3-17 sp023386965
s__UBA2862 sp017430945
s__TMED54 sp902550555
s__Mucilaginibacter agri
s__Leifsonia sp023390155
s__JAMPGF01 sp949744165
s__JAFUXM01 sp017455085
s__JACKPP01 sp024233455
s__Bacteroides faecium
s__Endomicrobium sp009776745
s__Nannocystis pusilla
s__BMS3ABIN01 sp913009925
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021811805
s__Desulfobulbus sp031280615
s__SCQL01 sp004299235
s__JAJACK01 sp945861315
s__Demequina oxidasica
s__JAMCXS01 sp023474345
s__RUG658 sp947168325
s__UBA7067 sp947595635
s__CAJXII01 sp029938215
s__JAAFJU01 sp025354065
s__JAGONM01 sp017993055
s__B10-G9 sp021108255
s__Bin55 sp009841615
s__JALHVH01 sp022867105
s__1-14-0-10-42-12 sp002787695
s__JAHDGB01 sp937937185
s__UBA1425 sp012523185
s__Symmachiella macrocystis
s__J097 sp003694975
s__SOIA01 sp030671065
s__Lancefieldella sp015258485
s__Anaerosoma sp011372845
s__Phycicoccus avicenniae
s__Fournierella sp949291395
s__VFKP01 sp945956945
s__Polaromonas sp013205645
s__Plastoroseomonas arctica
s__Stagnimonas sp030652575
s__Terriglobus roseus_B
s__RF16 sp905233375
s__Sulfuriferula_A sp002162035
s__BMS3Abin12 sp027013145
s__JALYXC01 sp030947315
s__Rouxiella sp000257645
s__UBA4744 sp002403855
s__CAMFLR01 sp945957605
s__Nocardioides sp902506435
s__Niveibacterium sp945957295
s__Pararhodospirillum oryzae
s__Pseudovibrio sp900104145
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946407465
s__Mycobacterium sp030666145
s__Lysinibacillus sp001275675
s__Microbacterium pullorum
s__CAG-269 sp944386735
s__Marinilabilia sp002411085
s__SIG200 sp947623705
s__Arthrobacter sp018613855
s__Haloferula arcticus
s__Longibacter salinarum
s__Streptomyces xylophagus
s__Mycobacterium sp003402475
s__CAG-273 sp944392085
s__RUG11130 sp017444735
s__MGBC108787 sp947574255
s__UBA10450 sp955652255
s__UBA10329 sp020635495
s__CAKVOD01 sp944332315
s__Planktophila sp009691135
s__Polaromonas sp021731285
s__RPRI01 sp018830925
s__Chitinophaga polysaccharea_A
s__JAADCS01 sp027002825
s__JACCWP01 sp013697585
s__Brevundimonas sp030682035
s__Palsa-295 sp025451835
s__RI-34 sp945872035
s__JAUHYI01 sp030426385
s__Alloprevotella sp937898715
s__Mycobacterium hodleri_B
s__CAG-475 sp947625225
s__CAINDR01 sp903839955
s__Hyphococcus sp947259815
s__JABMPR01 sp016845065
s__UBA4096 sp947448095
s__UPXZ01 sp900498215
s__Flavobacterium sp030766725
s__JAOUMB01 sp029881725
s__Rhodobacter_F sp013297695
s__JdFR-95 sp002011835
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AW
s__Hominicoprocola sp934597535
s__UBA1217 sp017448905
s__CAG-303 sp017440045
s__Paenibacillus_G sp001399685
s__JACOXZ01 sp016182105
s__STE-71 sp028695025
s__JADJTL01 sp016702545
s__GUT77 sp031283085
s__Porticoccus sp002367235
s__Caproiciproducens sp023397245
s__MT110 sp028691625
s__Pseudoduganella guangdongensis
s__Tatumella sp018257515
s__UBA1740 sp949293405
s__VXRN01 sp012270665
s__Neobacillus sp030348765
s__DYKG01 sp030446435
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp019454145
s__Thermogutta terrifontis
s__Arachnia timonensis
s__Anaeroplasma bactoclasticum
s__Pelagibacterium limicola
s__28-57-27 sp938004235
s__Octadecabacter antarcticus
s__VBAU01 sp005883765
s__JACOUI01 sp016177915
s__Methyloferula sp015655535
s__PALSA-600 sp900299235
s__UMGS1124 sp934086355
s__Roseburia_D sp945868305
s__UBA1179 sp024398755
s__Sediminibacterium sp016741945
s__UBA6249 sp028710845
s__UBA7109 sp946552115
s__Metabacillus endolithicus
s__Telluria sp900129765
s__Flavobacterium xueshanense
s__JARGFS01 sp030619345
s__SORT01 sp004402895
s__JAKPRU01 sp029557025
s__Gp7-AA10 sp003223695
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398315
s__DUUI01 sp023387245
s__Paenibacillus xylanexedens_C
s__Paradesulfitobacterium ferrireducens
s__Palauibacter sp022825725
s__Poritiphilus flavus
s__Scytonematopsis contorta
s__CAMCRE01 sp945877255
s__Bryobacter sp026394095
s__Phytoplasma phoenicium
s__UBA3789 sp946534345
s__Ornithinicoccus sp023015765
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp022511265
s__VEOV01 sp013377075
s__AC2028 sp017524035
s__Luteibacter yeojuensis_A
s__UMGS1889 sp016302225
s__Rossellomorea vietnamensis_A
s__Luminiphilus sp011523115
s__RGIG3544 sp017444395
s__Marmoricola sp000426045
s__JAIRTA01 sp031258665
s__RUG13038 sp017553685
s__Mucilaginibacter sp946481715
s__Sphingomonas sp017304615
s__Streptomyces sp023515955
s__JALHPX01 sp022842225
s__Desulfococcus sp913060435
s__JAICKN01 sp025451215
s__SLSH01 sp007130555
s__JABDMI01 sp938039225
s__Sphingopyxis sp002842935
s__Luminiphilus sp013911345
s__4572-112 sp029935325
s__CAG-1252 sp017615515
s__Methylobacterium populi_A
s__CAKRZE01 sp934432725
s__Caccovivens sp948471335
s__Bog-1198 sp028870355
s__Brachymonas sp017996515
s__UBA1174 sp031258375
s__Xenophilus aerolatus
s__Actinomarina sp004214055
s__Corallococcus sp019968905
s__JAAYBY01 sp012523135
s__JADYZN01 sp020847545
s__MED-G40 sp002171845
s__RGIG5057 sp017478805
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902517365
s__SW10 sp029242935
s__Methylotenera sp029945535
s__JAQSWM01 sp029266635
s__Chryseobacterium sp022601875
s__UMGS1781 sp947627785
s__JAJACQ01 sp945862365
s__DUPT01 sp012838225
s__VEXD01 sp009391235
s__CALLZE01 sp937858655
s__Centipeda infelix
s__VMFF01 sp007375915
s__Bacterioplanes sanyensis
s__Wujia sp937915975
s__JAAYTD01 sp012518115
s__Chitinophaga sp019236475
s__Sphingomicrobium brevis
s__JAMDAP01 sp937868875
s__UBA10908 sp012841925
s__UBA12170 sp016929955
s__Thermophilibacter sp944320975
s__JALQXR01 sp023263105
s__JADQBV01 sp016278415
s__UMGS1865 sp015064525
s__JAAFHV01 sp013297655
s__UBA3663 sp017561935
s__Rubrivivax sp963205125
s__Levilactobacillus cerevisiae
s__JACCRT01 sp013813355
s__CALBCO01 sp937927265
s__CALFCX01 sp937950635
s__Caccovivens sp947649575
s__Desulfovibrio sp031260725
s__JAADEW01 sp027033775
s__Kordiimonas marina
s__01-FULL-43-15b sp001816385
s__Litorimonas sp913058335
s__Streptococcus suis_AH
s__Gallionella sp027311105
s__Micromonospora acroterricola
s__WRLB01 sp009777815
s__JAHEMB01 sp024643915
s__UBA931 sp031270015
s__Streptococcus mitis_CW
s__Streptoalloteichus hindustanus
s__JAPLCW01 sp026391995
s__Pelagibacter sp902570425
s__Collinsella sp019414505
s__JAFGTT01 sp016933955
s__WHST01 sp009379955
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902606745
s__JAKVBD01 sp022446985
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385665
s__Ferruginibacter sp028288465
s__Thiothrix winogradskyi
s__B24-G6 sp029934475
s__Ferruginibacter paludis
s__JAFGED01 sp016931785
s__JAGGZT01 sp021161905
s__JAADHC01 sp013152085
s__CAG-269 sp944393385
s__Acinetobacter sp008630915
s__Fen-1039 sp003171035
s__JAJFMS01 sp020696885
s__Limivicinus sp024691985
s__RUG754 sp905235115
s__UBA8515 sp028696935
s__Limivicinus sp030536255
s__JAKSPV01 sp024404475
s__JANWWR01 sp025055835
s__Paenibacillus_O beijingensis
s__JAFGIU01 sp016929445
s__Kordia sp003352465
s__Paraconexibacter sp025928415
s__CAG-273 sp944389655
s__M3007 sp020846655
s__UBA1737 sp017398545
s__CALUTH01 sp949284715
s__Desulfovibrio sp024683955
s__JACCZJ01 sp013696975
s__UBA8087 sp002684315
s__JAIRKX01 sp031259805
s__JAFDVL01 sp016789725
s__RGIG8482 sp947628605
s__Shewanella halifaxensis
s__Fodinibius salinus
s__JJ008 sp023251215
s__Sporosarcina sp943736995
s__Limivicinus sp020025655
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000282615
s__Lysobacter_A gilvus
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949299185
s__JAHIVH01 sp020056645
s__Thalassospira sp002311515
s__JACQGJ01 sp016199605
s__SLST01 sp007694025
s__LMEP-6097 sp018970325
s__Clostridium sp029219285
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401995
s__BJHL01 sp014192545
s__Falsochrobactrum sp019100495
s__PHAA01 sp012798055
s__Zymomonas sp020216885
s__Pseudothauera lacus
s__Litorilituus lipolyticus
s__NHYN01 sp029258405
s__JAIRNJ01 sp031278095
s__GCA-2717185 sp002717185
s__HGM12619 sp016281915
s__Caccovivens sp947626155
s__Mycobacterium simiae_A
s__Arthrobacter sp013179505
s__Marinilabilia sp016278715
s__JAAVFS01 sp014800605
s__RPQS01 sp026394155
s__QNYZ01 sp029938515
s__Psychroflexus sp002836055
s__JAHFNN01 sp023267315
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio portus
s__UBA1732 sp017541665
s__Flagellimonas onchidii
s__Pelagibacter sp902562205
s__Facilibium subflavum
s__Microbulbifer pacificus
s__Propionivibrio sp003249625
s__SIG693 sp017407835
s__Clostridium_AW mobile
s__JAFAZD01 sp019239955
s__JAEWER01 sp023388605
s__Sphingobacterium phlebotomi
s__Prevotella sp902800925
s__CAJCIW01 sp030043495
s__JAMCYY01 sp023473205
s__Oceanidesulfovibrio indonesiensis
s__UBA3282 sp947037115
s__Mammaliicoccus sp946151045
s__UBA2645 sp947441695
s__Ancylobacter radicis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017406565
s__Streptomyces sp010550605
s__Coprosoma sp947589375
s__Treponema_D sp002314445
s__Limiplasma sp001604105
s__Xenobium sp012799975
s__UBA1550 sp003483855
s__Vescimonas sp002309395
s__Bin65 sp900197615
s__JAHDEO01 sp937930625
s__Chryseobacterium_A sp015478785
s__CAIUGE01 sp903898645
s__CAG-238 sp934277695
s__Shouchella shacheensis
s__UBA1213 sp902803125
s__Polynucleobacter hirudinilacicola
s__Alpha-05 sp900079695
s__Desulfobacula sp021647625
s__UBA3077 sp016765235
s__CANHVK01 sp947455255
s__Algibacter_B sp947490405
s__UBA2868 sp017612555
s__Terriglobus sp023265355
s__Faeciplasma sp021199795
s__Capnocytophaga sp030530525
s__Gp6-AA40 sp016213695
s__Palsa-739 sp025928515
s__SKWV01 sp007128755
s__UBA1952 sp002336725
s__Palsa-1150 sp030776205
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp027912455
s__SZUA-5 sp030430155
s__Streptomyces fumigatiscleroticus
s__RGIG3040 sp017632755
s__Gordonia sp030315745
s__WTXA01 sp028683955
s__UBA2316 sp017302835
s__Saccharofermentans sp902803365
s__BNVG01 sp025997935
s__Noviherbaspirillum aridicola
s__JACZST01 sp022574065
s__GMQP-bins7 sp013697465
s__JAEEML01 sp016283195
s__Faecousia sp947625945
s__Nocardia acidivorans
s__WARW01 sp028710865
s__UMGS1908 sp017938565
s__ELB16-189 sp021155195
s__CAJFPI01 sp944386955
s__SCTJ01 sp004297805
s__Boudabousia sp019218365
s__Parvibaculum sp019635955
s__Oxalobacter sp934401755
s__Desulfotignum sp018399285
s__JAIRTF01 sp031278655
s__SYFY01 sp030432795
s__UBA1760 sp002314775
s__JAAAPF01 sp009908425
s__JAAZBV01 sp012513605
s__JAUVJV01 sp030592245
s__GCA-2712005 sp937930825
s__Myxococcus hansupus
s__CAG-269 sp947588915
s__CAHJWO01 sp903642295
s__JAJTFW01 sp016788185
s__JAQUTY01 sp030526995
s__Winogradskyella sp002364335
s__Bifidobacterium colobi
s__Metasolibacillus sp002360295
s__CAIJNA01 sp945883785
s__Specibacter sp000785535
s__Asticcacaulis biprosthecius
s__Actinomyces ruminis
s__Lactobacillus sp030530865
s__Palsa-875 sp030948845
s__Chordicoccus sp002316215
s__Serinicoccus sp947487915
s__JAIFTM01 sp019661745
s__CAJFUR01 sp023403475
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031262635
s__CABSMD01 sp902478725
s__Cyanobium sp026389265
s__Parapontixanthobacter aurantiacus
s__SDB sp001412425
s__Streptomyces sp025642155
s__UBA2645 sp947455845
s__Peribacillus massiliglaciei
s__UBA1738 sp029219925
s__Kordiimonas sp014238195
s__Novosphingobium sp903828025
s__RDYZ01 sp004293855
s__SIG587 sp015065935
s__JACCXV01 sp013696835
s__Hymenobacter crusticola
s__G025736875 sp025736875
s__UBA6857 sp017555765
s__JAICYB01 sp025934435
s__DTLM01 sp937128505
s__DTU064 sp947624945
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp029573235
s__Rufibacter tibetensis
s__EhC02 sp002282555
s__JAPWJZ01 sp020853455
s__Spirillospora hibisca
s__Microbacterium testaceum_G
s__Nanosynbacter sp915070155
s__JAIRLC01 sp031258755
s__SFHK01 sp017522345
s__Mesobacillus selenatarsenatis
s__HK-STAS-PATE-2 sp937863195
s__Agrococcus sp024723325
s__Planktophila sp000372185
s__SW10 sp026421245
s__UBA3636 sp017413145
s__CAG-273 sp944391835
s__JACKJA01 sp020442505
s__Deinococcus sp030271215
s__Prevotella sp946409435
s__UBA8515 sp026395935
s__JABMPR01 sp016844955
s__JAFGSI01 sp016934715
s__Undibacterium hunanense
s__CAG-448 sp015064685
s__JAJRQE01 sp030638735
s__UBA3086 sp002367305
s__UMGS1994 sp947594845
s__CAG-873 sp020860445
s__JAGPDB01 sp937872965
s__JAUIMD01 sp030433225
s__VGEV01 sp016869175
s__Treponema_F sp017549025
s__BACL27 sp002737635
s__JAMDDA01 sp023488925
s__Scrofimicrobium minihominis
s__Anaerovibrio sp002100115
s__UBA1259 sp017648525
s__Williamsia_A phyllosphaerae
s__CAJOIG01 sp947581795
s__Pseudomonas_E vanderleydeniana
s__SYKU01 sp945893365
s__Novosphingobium sp001421325
s__Choladousia sp947628955
s__UBA1924 sp017640485
s__JAIFWG01 sp019662005
s__JAJRPW01 sp024280585
s__RUG563 sp017530275
s__QNZU01 sp027084135
s__JABJAG01 sp017643325
s__UMGS1994 sp017510525
s__Tichowtungia sp028692515
s__Aggregatimonas sp938017825
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp027452245
s__Brevundimonas sp023390245
s__JAAEQC01 sp024231905
s__Avimuribaculum sp949285735
s__UBA3855 sp947177935
s__Desulfomicrobium sp030529235
s__RGIG8782 sp017620845
s__UBA3006 sp009701105
s__JAKLQJ01 sp030639665
s__GCA-2685935 sp002685935
s__JAQVRG01 sp028701165
s__Alistipes sp017560305
s__Ventricola sp030536875
s__UBA6016 sp022758985
s__Prevotella sp946617675
s__Sulfitobacter sp024636405
s__JACAEO01 sp013388805
s__Fonsibacter sp016882225
s__Pelagibacter sp902561075
s__Geothrix oryzisoli
s__Gp6-AA40 sp016871375
s__Acidiphilium sp028688765
s__JACRCG01 sp030654645
s__JAHWKJ01 sp019347905
s__Lutimonas sp030431085
s__RUG13038 sp947304025
s__Eubacterium_R sp022511185
s__JAGOBP01 sp016219235
s__Collinsella sp900544385
s__GCA-2705205 sp002705205
s__Nesterenkonia alba
s__MED-G13 sp902626585
s__CAG-273 sp904420285
s__JACJXW01 sp020636375
s__JAMCZK01 sp026129335
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris_F
s__UBA5734 sp028684955
s__UBA1859 sp003532555
s__UBA10329 sp018402015
s__JACCYU01 sp013696315
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017558775
s__Weissella cibaria_A
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025463615
s__Limimorpha sp937902805
s__GCA-2737595 sp002737595
s__Alteromonas_F sediminis
s__UBA6906 sp002451155
s__JAHHUH01 sp937906915
s__RUG572 sp902761035
s__JAAZMF01 sp012798955
s__Variovorax sp028292285
s__JAPSJW01 sp031177985
s__SLAD01 sp007126515
s__Fimenecus sp947598155
s__OLB11 sp001567165
s__Flaviflexus salsibiostraticola
s__PALSA-968 sp013288015
s__ATZT02 sp937896305
s__JARGNX01 sp029212885
s__VXMF01 sp951813065
s__SCTA01 sp009724975
s__UBA9973 sp023267115
s__Alistipes sp017465055
s__JADFGT01 sp022567555
s__Treponema_D sp017651065
s__Oceanibacillus_A halotolerans
s__UBA9636 sp003451585
s__UBA1213 sp902785765
s__Exilibacterium sp028280195
s__Deefgea sp019665785
s__WVWN01 sp030613505
s__F0422 sp003992255
s__JADFSL01 sp022560785
s__WGBX01 sp015493405
s__Flavobacterium sp002737105
s__Limnothrix sp012033055
s__Sulfurimonas sp021157485
s__Reyranella sp945889625
s__JAAXPZ01 sp947311605
s__WRNU01 sp031289095
s__WOZL01 sp028694805
s__PALSA-894 sp003140315
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900095225
s__UBA5216 sp900299145
s__RUG343 sp902789225
s__MFBN01 sp001776425
s__Cellulomonas endophytica
s__CAG-492 sp017470645
s__Streptomyces sp029813775
s__CANRPC01 sp947632435
s__Tidjanibacter sp017628675
s__RGIG9985 sp030538055
s__JAADDV01 sp027028005
s__Specibacter sp001281315
s__Neoroseomonas bogorensis_A
s__Rudaea cellulosilytica
s__RUG099 sp902788245
s__CAG-196 sp017541565
s__UBA5760 sp011176655
s__CAG-269 sp944392525
s__UBA10428 sp016929525
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp014376435
s__JANQEQ01 sp028278245
s__S012-138 sp026982835
s__Methylopumilus_A universalis_A
s__JAUVRN01 sp030597645
s__RGIG10196 sp947166335
s__Kribbella sp027627575
s__Amylibacter sp009184395
s__JAHECH01 sp024641835
s__Coproplasma sp949286835
s__JAMWDC01 sp023819025
s__ER46 sp937952235
s__UBA4733 sp002404055
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AD
s__JACKDM01 sp020633515
s__Flavobacterium sp017833415
s__GCA-2709075 sp002709075
s__Rhodanobacter sp002001125
s__JACRCW01 sp016218805
s__Litorimonas sp020631215
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017519865
s__CAJLXD01 sp944392265
s__Bact-11 sp002314725
s__Mycobacterium sp011620645
s__Eubacterium_J sp947090545
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003151075
s__Proteus vulgaris_C
s__MYXO sp020849175
s__DZAY01 sp022729735
s__Agaribacterium sp003265435
s__HIMB30 sp902594275
s__JAIPBB01 sp021739805
s__Haliea sp947258585
s__Streptococcus mitis_BK
s__SIG710 sp934385225
s__UMGS1052 sp017549365
s__Lonsdalea britannica_A
s__UBA1372 sp002306295
s__Pseudoduganella rivuli
s__Casimicrobium sp027492485
s__Thiodictyon intracellulare
s__Flavobacterium sp947452415
s__JAAYDH01 sp023443485
s__Methylocaldum szegediense
s__UMGS1781 sp934167835
s__UBA2284 sp003249785
s__Kribbella jiaozuonensis
s__JAIRRO01 sp031280325
s__Faecousia sp017465625
s__PIVW01 sp003353825
s__Rhodoferax sp016719055
s__Roseovarius sp947489715
s__Chryseobacterium phocaeense
s__GCA-002733105 sp905479985
s__Sulfurospirillum sp002382085
s__CALXCT01 sp944386845
s__Myceligenerans indicum
s__UBA1046 sp012839385
s__Avispirillum sp947627475
s__Sphingopyxis sp001468265
s__Rhodobacter_B sp951812305
s__MHYJ01 sp001828445
s__RUG14243 sp905236805
s__Paramuribaculum sp938039795
s__Cedecea sp009668225
s__Faecousia sp902477055
s__Streptomyces sp003574445
s__Curtobacterium sp015350905
s__Roseobacter sp947495025
s__Collinsella sp019419545
s__PXAH01 sp021735115
s__JAPLYC01 sp026395755
s__Pelagisphaera sp030424825
s__UBA1740 sp017938205
s__Litorirhabdus singularis
s__Treponema_D bryantii_B
s__UM-FILTER-49-7 sp013152385
s__JALTBU01 sp027011225
s__M3007 sp016713985
s__Prevotella sp947169685
s__UBA5609 sp002418945
s__JASJBU01 sp030066355
s__EhC02 sp021021435
s__VXRN01 sp958296105
s__UBA10518 sp024277485
s__VGZT01 sp016210435
s__VBCG01 sp018241745
s__Novosphingobium sp947453945
s__Sphingomonas sp026460985
s__Streptomyces zhihengii
s__JACPEG01 sp016183615
s__SM23-42 sp001303785
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium subterraneum
s__Pontibacterium sp023954795
s__JAAVYR01 sp946562005
s__SHVP01 sp009694165
s__Telluria sp946479255
s__Methylobacter_B sp028716975
s__Silanimonas sp027531545
s__JAHQVK01 sp019634385
s__UBA6249 sp002796135
s__1-14-0-10-42-22 sp002773725
s__HyVt-105 sp011049175
s__PRS1 sp003650305
s__Novosphingobium sp947455865
s__Hyphococcus sp021776295
s__Microvirga terrestris
s__RFVC01 sp024644515
s__SHXO01 sp020854105
s__CSBr16-58 sp007116495
s__UBA6544 sp018665505
s__UBA1213 sp902796475
s__Planctomicrobium sp023417655
s__Jiella sp002088275
s__JACQAP01 sp025357235
s__Saccharibacillus sp002189105
s__Kitasatospora sp000719705
s__JAUYPI01 sp030697645
s__Paludibacter sp022709605
s__B33-G16 sp020349945
s__Prevotella sp017458195
s__Algoriphagus winogradskyi
s__NIOZ-UU35 sp018648225
s__UBA7805 sp902630355
s__AG-363-P08 sp003278195
s__MGBC133411 sp949300375
s__QKJM01 sp003249315
s__UBA2112 sp002331045
s__UBA1213 sp902803585
s__Allopseudarcicella rosea
s__Dietzia alimentaria
s__JAIRPU01 sp031280035
s__Paenibacillus_A sp003060825
s__Stercorousia sp949290355
s__Sporotomaculum geothermicum_A
s__Rifleibacterium sp937949615
s__Prevotella sp945788485
s__JAIRLF01 sp031257315
s__CAIXLI01 sp028690155
s__Trichodesmium sp023356515
s__CAG-492 sp946545035
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017432425
s__RUG13091 sp016280685
s__JAEUHZ01 sp016795205
s__SZUA-1433 sp027068765
s__Duganella sp017833525
s__UBA1924 sp029213305
s__Sphingobium sp000588875
s__Colwellia sp001440345
s__Collinsella sp023656745
s__Zeimonas sp003576795
s__UBA8919 sp016218625
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp030039615
s__JANWJO01 sp025449435
s__Shewanella gaetbuli
s__Enterenecus sp947629915
s__JAEUJQ01 sp016793095
s__Vicinibacter sp016716185
s__UBA7672 sp030696545
s__Ruminococcus_E sp020625875
s__Noda2021 sp020886235
s__Gallimonas sp947626305
s__NS-12 sp005877565
s__Faecousia sp021199635
s__Luteolibacter sp947462835
s__CAIKKG01 sp021812365
s__Notoacmeibacter sp024158145
s__RGIG3566 sp017935145
s__UBA4656 sp002405525
s__Rickettsia akari
s__JAABTD01 sp011389855
s__Nocardioides sp030580915
s__Agathobacter sp022511395
s__GWB2-37-7 sp029239905
s__ESL0723 sp029392055
s__WGA-3G sp028818705
s__QQUA01 sp008501825
s__CALZHP01 sp945787325
s__JADLFC01 sp020845775
s__JAABQT01 sp011391295
s__JACWAE01 sp014874385
s__Pseudoalteromonas caenipelagi
s__Adiutrix sp031285975
s__Mailhella sp944324615
s__JAISGC01 sp031273075
s__FEN-1322 sp028699255
s__Paenibacillus sp002968835
s__Pelatocladus muscicola_A
s__DYNP01 sp020721005
s__Silvimonas amylolytica
s__JAOAGA01 sp026415985
s__Patulibacter sp009699505
s__UBA5701 sp021775965
s__NORP215 sp016765375
s__JAFLCD01 sp017302715
s__Kordiimonas aquimaris
s__Streptomyces sp027460265
s__Bulleidia sp020026035
s__Pseudomonas_E sp020386635
s__JAEWQP01 sp014879845
s__Rosistilla ulvae
s__JAHDCE01 sp020630895
s__UM-FILTER-36-7 sp002791255
s__Oligoflexus sp947474445
s__JAAWPK01 sp947650745
s__Enterousia sp030531915
s__JAJZCL01 sp027341705
s__Azonexus sp002840765
s__Endomicrobium sp938040055
s__Cellulomonas xylanilytica
s__Marinomonas spartinae_A
s__Comamonas sp018413525
s__Sulfurisoma sp030691075
s__CAG-1252 sp946626795
s__Pigmentiphaga kullae
s__PGZG01 sp020667895
s__Sulfuritalea sp021738385
s__WRKV01 sp031286005
s__Rubripirellula sp029287555
s__Alistipes sp017391435
s__Chlorobium luteolum_B
s__UBA3789 sp947306705
s__NS-12 sp005877505
s__Cetobacterium_A somerae_A
s__SIO1E4 sp010672825
s__Desulforhopalus sp018821785
s__Ga0077553 sp016185425
s__Acidovorax sp019219095
s__4572-55 sp002084765
s__IMCC34051 sp028285485
s__M55B127 sp021736945
s__Collinsella sp014871745
s__CAMDLH01 sp945901405
s__JAGWBE01 sp021296055
s__Collinsella sp900550515
s__WRNU01 sp031268685
s__CAG-273 sp947589835
s__Cryptobacteroides sp029007435
s__UBA7800 sp016763955
s__ESH-2018B sp015476335
s__VBAT01 sp016787135
s__UBA970 sp030834445
s__UBA1063 sp030019025
s__Anaeroplasma sp024695025
s__JAHDDV01 sp020629205
s__UBA6614 sp002728775
s__Williamsia limnetica
s__UBA6615 sp029243445
s__Prevotella sp949295905
s__UMGS1766 sp902475455
s__LL51 sp031266235
s__Bog-113 sp903970205
s__JAHBZM01 sp019635435
s__Qipengyuania psychrotolerans
s__OLB17 sp021463165
s__Hyphococcus sp021604605
s__Ruminococcus_E sp937875885
s__UBA2283 sp903825325
s__Rhizomicrobium sp015654635
s__JAQURW01 sp028715425
s__Lentibacillus sp013373365
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017472115
s__JACDHR01 sp013820915
s__Streptomyces sp000720325
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003215695
s__Ensifer_A sp021026315
s__Aeromicrobium sp012513165
s__Methylocystis sp024448135
s__Halobacillus_A hunanensis
s__JADJWF01 sp016716505
s__Arthrobacter sulfonivorans_A
s__RGIG5579 sp015065325
s__RGIG9126 sp017935435
s__Palsa-465 sp017354065
s__BOG-234 sp003136575
s__GCA-2704625 sp902609645
s__Kiloniella laminariae_A
s__SKOX01 sp029265455
s__UBA1268 sp030616935
s__Agrobacterium sp023444445
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp016936535
s__Chitinophaga japonensis
s__JAPUJS01 sp027296045
s__Azovibrio sp031282665
s__Erythrobacter sp001464915
s__Faecousia sp024404825
s__Ventricola sp017460325
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp025449725
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281485
s__Rivularia sp019192545
s__Specibacter sp030063185
s__UBA1724 sp016303095
s__Caccenecus sp948750805
s__UBA1305 sp023435925
s__Fibrella aestuarina
s__Flavonifractor sp944385625
s__Shinella zoogloeoides_A
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp028280265
s__Gemmatimonas sp027531815
s__Oceanihabitans himadriense
s__Ureaplasma sp949282435
s__Enterosoma sp949300365
s__JAGVVH01 sp031272025
s__UBA1213 sp902773325
s__JACRMB01 sp030650885
s__JAMCYN01 sp023474015
s__SIG78 sp015061885
s__UBA1413 sp009782655
s__Thauera terpenica
s__JADJSS01 sp016719635
s__UBA2227 sp002841605
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013285685
s__UBA1844 sp029861535
s__JAILLW01 sp024692955
s__JANQRT01 sp028284385
s__MB11C04 sp943789375
s__SLJM01 sp007131755
s__JAGGYI01 sp021162655
s__Ruegeria sp900143525
s__AG-414-E02 sp902607585
s__Collinsella sp018376905
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249435
s__VGTG01 sp029243485
s__AG-337-I02 sp902621855
s__Collinsella sp958427145
s__UBA4096 sp027488375
s__Pelagibacter ubique_G
s__JAHDGP01 sp020631035
s__Marinitoga litoralis
s__Pelorhabdus rhamnosifermentans
s__Okeania sp010672525
s__Hoeflea sp000961635
s__Gelidibacter maritimus
s__Streptomyces pseudovenezuelae_A
s__JANYBV01 sp025362975
s__DTU069 sp012516065
s__Gallimonas sp947626575
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A composti
s__Aestuariivirga sp020252395
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882125
s__Actinophytocola sp009379765
s__JACQHR01 sp016198905
s__HGM12713 sp015063655
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp963204785
s__SIG301 sp015057455
s__MWAR01 sp029547365
s__MGBC124762 sp947627325
s__Rhizomicrobium sp018242085
s__Clostridium sp027686065
s__Rubrivivax sp020852865
s__Azophilus sp958296025
s__Pararcticibacter amylolyticus
s__Nonomuraea solani
s__Deinococcus planocerae
s__WTBX01 sp013138855
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023412635
s__JAAZFE01 sp012511885
s__Alkalicoccobacillus murimartini
s__JAAZOP01 sp016930215
s__Thermophilibacter profusus_A
s__JABDKO01 sp013002165
s__CAG-273 sp948934525
s__JAHDCW01 sp938044295
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031258695
s__JAOAHO01 sp026415195
s__Desulfothermus sp027063985
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003213275
s__Prevotella sp017475265
s__WTKA01 sp011524605
s__Qipengyuania qiaonensis
s__Azospirillum canadense
s__Rubrivivax sp016790435
s__Collinsella sp959599095
s__Arthrobacter cavernae
s__Haemophilus_D sp019423005
s__01-FULL-49-22b sp001823165
s__UBA8592 sp002715425
s__JACRCG01 sp903930585
s__JAPLJQ01 sp026388495
s__Roseovarius sp021767845
s__Oceanimonas pelagia
s__UBA8518 sp003543115
s__Microbulbifer sediminum
s__Faecousia sp017466215
s__Brevundimonas sp002157625
s__Zag111 sp945833895
s__Thermohalobaculum sp029862205
s__Methylohalobius sp026415315
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007116445
s__Rhizobium sp001426265
s__Thermopetrobacter sp027031305
s__Kitasatospora viridis
s__JAIRKV01 sp031259935
s__Treponema_D sp017470085
s__UBA5216 sp945906815
s__JAUYIV01 sp030688105
s__Kallotenue papyrolyticum
s__JACRNE01 sp016219345
s__Senegalimassilia sp934632265
s__Desulfogranum marinum
s__Flavobacterium urumqiense
s__UBA5066 sp029567505
s__UBA6821 sp021413925
s__JAUXIQ01 sp030620925
s__Choladousia sp947591155
s__JAQGMV01 sp028291945
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947478935
s__JAAZVD01 sp027620595
s__UBA4719 sp002404345
s__Thiospirochaeta sp003247135
s__Desulfovibrio sp031290615
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp900104085
s__Pseudomonas_E sp020164475
s__JAUSHK01 sp030648515
s__CAG-791 sp017432565
s__Methylotenera oryzisoli_C
s__Flavobacterium sp017303755
s__UBA3766 sp017622505
s__UBA1163 sp013388645
s__CAIKZJ01 sp028714695
s__Amycolatopsis suaedae
s__RGIG3009 sp017434985
s__Dermabacter indicis
s__Pedobacter sp014472395
s__Vitreimonas silvestris
s__Salinibacillus kushneri
s__JAURWL01 sp030654965
s__Stieleria sp020426665
s__Terrabacter aerolatus
s__Treponema_D sp024402635
s__Caccovivens sp934793215
s__Alectryocaccobium sp902795795
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp015152515
s__JAFGKK01 sp016928575
s__Streptohalobacillus salinus
s__Palsa-1315 sp025363325
s__JACXUG01 sp027066325
s__UBA4717 sp015064205
s__Shewanella sp002783505
s__Flavobacterium sp019105125
s__Amphibacillus_D marinus
s__Brachymonas denitrificans_A
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp030125375
s__Alteracholeplasma sp012519065
s__PEXW01 sp002774575
s__Polynucleobacter sp030696845
s__JAIRZX01 sp031288415
s__Bradyrhizobium erythrophlei_B
s__Flavobacterium sp902506265
s__Abyssibius alkaniclasticus
s__UBA2645 sp018970485
s__Amycolatopsis bullii
s__Luteimonas_C gilva
s__Butyrivibrio sp017551665
s__Propionivibrio sp903917505
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp030655955
s__JAUNED01 sp030525745
s__JAJDXW01 sp022822245
s__Pseudoxanthobacter soli
s__UBA8904 sp028704195
s__JAKADK01 sp027365145
s__JAUPVS01 sp030916945
s__FEN-1073 sp003141675
s__67-14 sp016650125
s__Nocardioides sp030412915
s__Nitrosospira sp013697655
s__RUG13091 sp902785645
s__CAG-791 sp017449745
s__Salaquimonas sp020441665
s__B1 sp903834625
s__JAADHT01 sp013151705
s__JACQCA01 sp016201865
s__Luteolibacter sp012032235
s__Caccovivens sp946499835
s__Flavobacterium sp022709825
s__Mobilitalea sp023443625
s__Avispirillum sp945949385
s__JAAYEJ01 sp012728835
s__CAG-196 sp902464375
s__UBA5072 sp023442525
s__CAG-196 sp947073895
s__WYAZ01 sp011526105
s__Rhodoluna sp903929105
s__Cellulosimicrobium terreum
s__JAIDVZ01 sp031283485
s__Sulfobacillus_C sp023381095
s__UBA11490 sp015055815
s__JAIFWV01 sp019659055
s__GW-Nitrospira-1 sp029858145
s__MGBC108787 sp949280095
s__DFXE01 sp031262895
s__JAIPDU01 sp021737085
s__UMGS1491 sp017431755
s__Enterousia sp947303585
s__JARBTT01 sp029240055
s__Actinosynnema obliqua
s__JACDAN01 sp013695385
s__JAIRLG01 sp031255915
s__Ramlibacter sp004144865
s__SIG575 sp017380115
s__Aquimarina sp002697475
s__Streptomyces sp001280015
s__Akkermansia sp947589345
s__Paremcibacter sp021774785
s__Stackebrandtia albiflava
s__AAA536-G10 sp937142855
s__Sulfuricurvum sp023229695
s__BQJR01 sp021604805
s__Granulicatella sp024543085
s__FEN-1191 sp025350345
s__Caulobacter segnis_B
s__Lautropia sp013813615
s__JAKLQJ01 sp030637365
s__Novosphingobium sp023266625
s__Blastococcus sp020166105
s__SZUA-370 sp002839245
s__Archangium sp003044305
s__Treponema_D sp946185925
s__Chitinibacter sp009760905
s__Arthrobacter sp030817075
s__Sphingomonas sp019747165
s__JAEXUB01 sp023453125
s__JAADID01 sp030619415
s__Pelagibacter sp902586395
s__Cystobacter fuscus
s__Seonamhaeicola sp001971785
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031255035
s__Gp1-AA145 sp003224835
s__Chryseobacterium tagetis
s__B39-G9 sp030592465
s__JJ008 sp016872195
s__Sulfurovum sp014763885
s__Pseudomonas_E oryzicola
s__Sphingomonas gellani
s__Winogradskyella sp947495255
s__UMGS1491 sp937912175
s__GCA-002724395 sp002724395
s__UBA1450 sp002796045
s__CALMFQ01 sp937863215
s__JARBTU01 sp029240015
s__Algoriphagus limi
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902551865
s__Parabacteroides_B sp020860905
s__JACDBP01 sp013694835
s__PWXP01 sp007122045
s__JAESSZ01 sp016763875
s__UBA2206 sp002400405
s__Thermodesulfomicrobium sp937989665
s__JAHEKS01 sp024638215
s__JASJBY01 sp030066245
s__Bin55 sp012267385
s__JAGGTK01 sp029932365
s__JAJCZB01 sp029262595
s__Limivicinus sp017538965
s__CAG-269 sp944387485
s__Psychroflexus sp913062845
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp001768615
s__Kitasatospora phosalacinea
s__JASLFJ01 sp030150665
s__CF-13 sp005882045
s__Mastigocladopsis repens
s__Stieleria sp020966635
s__JAPLUS01 sp026397495
s__JAKDMP01 sp030452225
s__UBA5976 sp903925705
s__Pantoea rwandensis
s__Hoeflea sp001011155
s__Nostoc sp002245985
s__Coproplasma sp947631325
s__UBA8190 sp028872975
s__SM23-73-2 sp001304315
s__OLB19 sp020632035
s__CAKPKP01 sp934167495
s__Planktophila sp947465365
s__JAAYFE01 sp012728365
s__Brevundimonas sp947475735
s__Glycomyces paridis
s__Enterocloster sp021201905
s__Limivicinus sp902801295
s__Paraburkholderia tagetis
s__Caccovivens sp947088415
s__Tannerella sp030528505
s__JAACDM01 sp028281705
s__Pelomonas sp946480605
s__AV2 sp003219345
s__UBA933 sp958425285
s__GCA-2746365 sp024277705
s__JAAUTG01 sp937944245
s__PWHW01 sp003560665
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947483455
s__Desulfurobacterium_B sp027064485
s__UMGS2070 sp017616705
s__WS-9 sp005893305
s__JAQTPI01 sp028748975
s__Alkalibacillus aidingensis
s__Coproplasma sp021204585
s__UBA7862 sp017398655
s__Rhodococcus sp014281965
s__JANQHA01 sp028282865
s__Chryseobacterium sp019203745
s__Curtobacterium sp001865065
s__Bacillus_AV sp020524525
s__Epilithonimonas sp021261315
s__JAUSKG01 sp030646955
s__Cypionkella sp024641255
s__CALDSX01 sp937924445
s__Tahibacter sp016790075
s__Treponema_D sp017935745
s__Paenibacillus_Z sp900106745
s__JAEHCY01 sp016880695
s__MED-G09 sp902626605
s__Collinsella sp937950325
s__CABYIR01 sp029242795
s__UBA11393 sp002791835
s__JAJFKH01 sp021773305
s__UBA4372 sp024693505
s__JAKSVI01 sp024408095
s__M30B41 sp030845195
s__RGIG2000 sp017468115
s__UBA2767 sp021775555
s__CAG-273 sp947589265
s__Spiroplasma_A gladiatoris
s__Capillibacterium sp012521315
s__Janthinobacterium sp000344615
s__Ga0077554 sp023266055
s__Fannyhessea sp946999785
s__Lachnospira sp028693195
s__Gemmata sp947490035
s__JAIRLF01 sp031273485
s__RGIG2161 sp017556745
s__AAA536-G10 sp902619615
s__C7867-001 sp018971045
s__JAUXWO01 sp030680175
s__JAKCWP01 sp028767125
s__JAAYXZ01 sp026414725
s__UBA4787 sp002402995
s__UBA3839 sp946625675
s__M0040 sp014860225
s__JADZEF01 sp020850695
s__JAHDBH01 sp020627535
s__Halospina salipaludis
s__Dokdonella_A sp030150315
s__JAAYBY01 sp018056585
s__DAOVSZ01 sp030627725
s__UMGS1491 sp017406805
s__Corynebacterium sp022712275
s__Gemmobacter_D aestuarii
s__CAIKAP01 sp016871575
s__CAG-390 sp017628755
s__JAHDCZ01 sp020630475
s__Pygmaiobacter hominis
s__DRLM01 sp011375345
s__Neorhizobium sp023451735
s__Eubacterium_G sp024697845
s__JAIEPX01 sp019748175
s__Erwinia tasmaniensis
s__UBA2730 sp947627675
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007128995
s__JAISFT01 sp031268125
s__JAGRNP01 sp024277025
s__LH-M37 sp029882355
s__Campylobacter_B sp938017775
s__CAG-492 sp947165355
s__GCA-2737665 sp020402865
s__UBA8752 sp937890245
s__JAEWUR01 sp023397045
s__Rhodoglobus sp025463515
s__Pikeienuella sp937952085
s__JAPKYU01 sp026394175
s__JACQRJ01 sp016206505
s__34-128 sp003451675
s__JAISXK01 sp031270585
s__BNUT01 sp025997555
s__Dulcicalothrix sp015272395
s__Bifidobacterium pongonis
s__CALYQQ01 sp945288535
s__Fen-668 sp027492675
s__Robiginitalea myxolifaciens
s__JAEUNM01 sp016791085
s__MB1-2 sp016781115
s__SSEF01 sp016699425
s__UBA6182 sp937957895
s__SURF-43 sp004296805
s__Zag111 sp001899395
s__JACPXA01 sp016196785
s__Collinsella sp019424925
s__Methylotuvimicrobium sp007135635
s__Arthrobacter sp030944625
s__GWA2-66-18 sp030696455
s__Tenebribacter davisii
s__Agathobacter sp947566705
s__CANRIM01 sp947630295
s__UBA12191 sp002167285
s__Lenti-01 sp937860055
s__Runella sp027486105
s__GCA-002726655 sp002725995
s__Fictibacillus nanhaiensis_C
s__JAUJNU01 sp030448085
s__UBA3282 sp029219245
s__CALBGR01 sp937892705
s__UBA1213 sp002309275
s__CAKUZL01 sp934718085
s__JARJMX02 sp029335925
s__UBA5767 sp002418765
s__Hymenobacter sp014333585
s__Agromyces sp004006235
s__Thermomonas flagellata
s__Pauljensenia canis
s__NBML01 sp016744295
s__Myxococcus xibeiensis
s__Fen-1255 sp003162215
s__CG2-30-36-16 sp019912505
s__Roseivivax sp021272185
s__JAFBIO01 sp949295465
s__Avilachnospira sp017460845
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902569735
s__JAQUNB01 sp028717825
s__Bog-950 sp903927935
s__JAUWAY01 sp030601845
s__JAEYFO01 sp023402915
s__Amycolatopsis pittospori
s__JABDAD01 sp945877265
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002025205
s__JAPLKB01 sp026388255
s__Thalassoglobus polymorphus
s__Caldanaerobius fijiensis
s__Lachnoclostridium phytofermentans
s__PALSA-1003 sp030948305
s__Prevotella sp016291005
s__CAIQQQ01 sp031291725
s__Akkermansia sp017517385
s__JJ008 sp025449935
s__Salipaludibacillus sp024701455
s__Pelagibacter sp902603045
s__JAVHMA01 sp031081715
s__Prevotella sp017557405
s__UBA11398 sp030650795
s__JAIRTH01 sp031255005
s__Pleomorphovibrio marinus
s__Novosphingobium jiangmenense
s__Caccovivens sp948439925
s__Winogradskyella endarachnes
s__JABDGH01 sp026225555
s__Neisseria sp947097615
s__Limenecus sp944323475
s__JAJXVI01 sp021782195
s__JAESRR01 sp016764535
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp016874935
s__Brevundimonas sp030285985
s__MGBC107952 sp944358795
s__Dysosmobacter sp947644365
s__JADLAP01 sp020848195
s__JADFXK01 sp015233625
s__HO2-45-11b sp021414205
s__Ureibacillus acetophenoni
s__Pedococcus badiiscoriae
s__JACCZT01 sp013695785
s__Streptomyces sp029428875
s__JAJRXX01 sp024276075
s__JAAEUB01 sp027045905
s__SKVR01 sp007132395
s__JAHDDW01 sp020629155
s__AG-337-I02 sp902597795
s__Sinorhizobium sp000513895
s__Pseudonocardia sp014267175
s__DYJU01 sp938034975
s__Paenibacillus_A caui
s__UBA4717 sp017482465
s__JABWBD01 sp012728855
s__Paenibacillus rhizosphaerae
s__CAG-475 sp017553325
s__Spiribacter sp913057145
s__Scatosoma sp017452305
s__Solimonas_A sp030149365
s__Hydrogenothermus sp015519975
s__GWC2-37-13 sp023245215
s__Segetibacter sp030146445
s__CATQHH01 sp958295855
s__Ch132 sp020845515
s__JAGXSJ01 sp018333895
s__Rhodanobacter sp014205795
s__Alteribacillus sp009765375
s__Alkalimonas sp022565655
s__Trabulsiella odontotermitis_C
s__Salibacterium aidingense
s__Ga0074137 sp017302795
s__Clostridium vincentii
s__Nocardioides sp023252065
s__JAAKFT01 sp011064935
s__JABCPE02 sp013333875
s__Ruoffia sp020112395
s__JAUYKI01 sp030700025
s__CAG-196 sp016287985
s__Antrihabitans sp016481275
s__UBA4045 sp002383695
s__JAFGTE01 sp016934215
s__LH-M37 sp029880105
s__SAR86A sp902556105
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp022784805
s__Collinsella sp902491345
s__Agromyces sp902809835
s__Nocardioides_B iriomotensis
s__Sneathiella sp016764355
s__Marinobacter sp030149475
s__Cellulomonas sp000426185
s__Spirillospora sp004348665
s__UBA2272 sp016938395
s__JAEZHK01 sp023421395
s__Saccharopolyspora flava
s__JAAYVI01 sp012517235
s__JAAZVW01 sp018623135
s__Streptomyces durbertensis
s__Microvirga sp023426505
s__T1SED10-26 sp003554585
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905235615
s__JAEMPZ01 sp022759065
s__JARYMI01 sp029907205
s__CAIJXJ01 sp029782295
s__JAGLBW01 sp027008665
s__JADGHA01 sp019689695
s__JAAYBR01 sp012730045
s__BPJC01 sp026004415
s__14-2 sp944381535
s__Wujia sp945836565
s__Lutibacter oricola
s__PALSA-926 sp003153235
s__Faecousia sp937892865
s__UBA4372 sp947305005
s__M55B132 sp018401355
s__RGIG2000 sp017456545
s__JAATET01 sp027488755
s__Propionicimonas sp023412435
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp905479715
s__SZUA-230 sp022571715
s__Phenylobacterium haematophilum
s__Pseudanabaena biceps_B
s__Pelagibacterium xiamenense
s__Lancefieldella sp015258785
s__SZUA-38 sp003233095
s__JACPHP01 sp016188605
s__Gemmatimonas sp947463135
s__Prochlorococcus sp003212695
s__Prevotella sp902794405
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp016765135
s__JAKLGF01 sp022710815
s__Magnetospirillum sp023458315
s__Clostridium sp023424785
s__SMXS01 sp030836535
s__Spirillospora soli
s__Psychroserpens sp030432635
s__Hoeflea_A sp028279875
s__Massilibacillus massiliensis
s__Pseudothermotoga thermarum
s__JACQDK01 sp016201135
s__Gloeothece verrucosa
s__Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis_B
s__Alistipes sp017629615
s__BB26 sp030610325
s__Pseudomonas_E sp018449655
s__Myceligenerans salitolerans
s__Streptomyces hoynatensis
s__Paraburkholderia sp013426915
s__JAHEFU01 sp020440645
s__UMGS1994 sp947382445
s__Desulfaltia sp030656555
s__Methylobacter_A oryzae
s__Jeongeupia sp001808185
s__Lacunisphaera sp025363455
s__Kovacikia minuta
s__Nocardioides agariphilus
s__Pelagibacter sp014653935
s__Herbiconiux solani
s__Patulibacter sp030655195
s__CSP1-5 sp027293415
s__CAIYZJ01 sp947455455
s__Homoserinibacter intestinalis
s__JAIVJN01 sp020200025
s__UBA4951 sp024683495
s__Usitatibacter sp946885905
s__Methylocaldum marinum
s__Curvibacter sp019233055
s__SYIM01 sp009921765
s__CANGQU01 sp947456345
s__JALGYY01 sp025782575
s__Paenibacillus_T sp009789195
s__Nonomuraea zeae
s__GCA-020346805 sp020346805
s__JACRCG01 sp028686055
s__Vibrio hepatarius_B
s__Amycolatopsis sp003947465
s__VGWI01 sp016873655
s__JAPORY01 sp026710045
s__CALVLD01 sp944336475
s__Prevotella sp902774795
s__WFXV01 sp027061845
s__Trebonia sp017354375
s__Cyanobium sp019038465
s__SFEL01 sp934633985
s__UBA6183 sp002422865
s__DSVZ01 sp027493615
s__HGM04593 sp017555585
s__C7867-001 sp021812925
s__Sulfuricaulis sp024653915
s__CATQHT01 sp958296045
s__Pseudoduganella sp013369485
s__Succinispira mobilis
s__Fervidicella metallireducens
s__Brevundimonas sp937870815
s__Pedobacter_B sp017355785
s__Geminocystis sp001548095
s__CALXZG01 sp949292205
s__Mycobacterium sp963378095
s__JAJRVV01 sp024277135
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp016870295
s__JAJNPS01 sp021155205
s__Arthrobacter_B saudimassiliensis
s__UBA5409 sp028685975
s__MHLP01 sp000999395
s__GCA-2733415 sp024280635
s__JAKBAP01 sp027451885
s__Collinsella sp902482185
s__Chryseobacterium oranimense_A
s__JAPLVF01 sp026397255
s__Egerieousia sp017548505
s__Phenylobacterium sp001724605
s__Spirillospora harenae
s__2-02-FULL-61-28 sp001767035
s__JACQCH01 sp016201735
s__Sulfurimonas sp024635885
s__Coprosoma sp959020415
s__JADKYY01 sp023393915
s__TMED62 sp902547175
s__CAG-273 sp947627105
s__1-14-0-10-43-10 sp002773655
s__CAIOSQ01 sp903860935
s__JACPRP01 sp016189905
s__JABDLZ01 sp013001705
s__JAEXRW01 sp023454175
s__CANMQH01 sp947499935
s__RAAP-2 sp018970215
s__JAAESI01 sp024229515
s__Silanimonas sp027530345
s__JARLGT01 sp031292615
s__Caulobacter vibrioides_C
s__Syntrophosphaera sp027318475
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030038125
s__JANWIZ01 sp025449635
s__JAUSIY01 sp030647735
s__JAIRRT01 sp031266115
s__CAIOZP01 sp903862805
s__Xanthomarina maritima
s__CALKAI01 sp937983275
s__RGIG2000 sp017625935
s__SIG77 sp017623265
s__UBA3254 sp025361145
s__Lutimonas sp029939235
s__UBA9382 sp028822535
s__Phreatobacter sp005160265
s__JAFGKX01 sp016928375
s__SIG200 sp947628365
s__JAUQPO01 sp030550335
s__Mycoplasmopsis bovis_A
s__UMGS755 sp015068855
s__JAMZMI01 sp024714475
s__CAKZTE01 sp938007945
s__WFWF01 sp027078675
s__Pelagibacter sp000299095
s__CAG-582 sp934101115
s__Sagittula salina
s__Gallilactobacillus intestinavium
s__JAIBBQ01 sp019694595
s__GCA-2720865 sp002720865
s__LLD-282 sp016874315
s__Alkaliphilus transvaalensis
s__Limimorpha sp017546365
s__Pseudomonas_E sp937863915
s__Methylomarinum sp006844585
s__CACNRH01 sp902622825
s__JAFAFC01 sp023423715
s__PWOD01 sp003557545
s__Ohtaekwangia soli
s__GCA-2687015 sp024226235
s__MGBC108787 sp947629205
s__Streptosporangium carneum
s__Halobacillus halophilus_A
s__JANYHF01 sp025359185
s__MS024-2A sp902561795
s__CANMIH01 sp947497905
s__Lysobacter_C spongiicola
s__Microbacterium sp016807485
s__Chryseobacterium sp023458535
s__UBA4421 sp002170355
s__JACRCI01 sp016219105
s__UBA4372 sp905235305
s__Neolewinella antarctica
s__Caccovivens sp944349905
s__Actinorhabdospora filicis
s__CANGYM01 sp947458145
s__JAITDU01 sp031288185
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp029569255
s__Sulfitobacter albidus
s__PALSA-693 sp003156595
s__WRMW01 sp031261395
s__UBA737 sp902496265
s__Aquincolibacterium sp003140935
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp016872715
s__Multivorans sp011523565
s__RUG11272 sp946407745
s__Oscillibacter sp023402075
s__Nocardia altamirensis
s__JACQFS01 sp016199935
s__Marivita sp030425145
s__UBA9973 sp001785985
s__Paracidovorax sp028473605
s__Desulfolinea sp024763295
s__RUG563 sp017550745
s__CAILHX01 sp025362115
s__Thalassospira sp946885765
s__Psychrobacter sp002377905
s__JAJZVS01 sp028869315
s__CAJXUU01 sp913061325
s__JAADIZ01 sp026988975
s__CAMZMA01 sp947311815
s__Mycobacterium sp023404955
s__Sediminibacterium sp003526435
s__Collinsella sp019425045
s__WRMI01 sp009777175
s__Devosia sp028816455
s__JAGVBK01 sp020059745
s__Thermogemmatispora carboxidivorans
s__UBA8529 sp003818205
s__Ferruginibacter pinensis_E
s__JAEZDX01 sp030706065
s__RGIG8775 sp015064795
s__PHOS-HE28 sp019638085
s__Arthrobacter_B pullicola
s__Streptomyces sp018069565
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicacearum_F
s__Cellulomonas sp031178805
s__Solibacter sp018268835
s__Syner-03 sp012728505
s__Enterousia sp024402835
s__CASRZP01 sp949440065
s__Telluria sp004798585
s__Propionicimonas sp017882685
s__Lysobacter_H chinensis
s__AG12 sp003222235
s__Bulleidia sp016284975
s__M3007 sp026129545
s__Dyadobacter jiangsuensis
s__SW10 sp937928545
s__JAJRTA01 sp024278515
s__Palsa-1248 sp021324635
s__JABFSS01 sp016186175
s__Collinsella sp018382295
s__Mycobacterium sp003053865
s__CAG-177 sp017534365
s__UBA9786 sp937915915
s__Sideroxyarcus sp027310725
s__Pelagibacter sp902633585
s__Tunicatimonas sp022458895
s__Psychroflexus sp018080005
s__JABMSC01 sp013204685
s__WRKV01 sp009783885
s__2-01-FULL-66-17 sp016201825
s__JAHITU01 sp018817595
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030682835
s__Paludibaculum usitatum_A
s__JAIRWN01 sp031268985
s__Kiloniella sp900313065
s__UBA1267 sp902772745
s__2-01-FULL-38-21 sp001782475
s__FEB-12 sp016708025
s__Isoptericola sp029643425
s__JAHRWD01 sp029210125
s__38-11 sp003446975
s__Thermopetrobacter sp027030295
s__UBA8316 sp902619315
s__Thermoleptolyngbya sp003695655
s__JAFBAP01 sp019243005
s__Lysobacter sp004322525
s__PALSA-1316 sp003153275
s__Holophaga silvestris
s__Caccovivens sp918241715
s__Neoroseomonas sp918698155
s__PLanc-01 sp023481165
s__JAIERY01 sp019746425
s__Salegentibacter sp004362395
s__Flexifilum sp030834905
s__Sulfuritalea sp016235805
s__RGIG3040 sp014804265
s__Chryseobacterium vaccae
s__Halarcobacter sp913057765
s__Variovorax sp001424835
s__UMGS1449 sp934097105
s__Hominicoprocola sp030529725
s__YA12-FULL-61-11 sp001799195
s__Alectryocaccobium sp902796005
s__Rahnella woolbedingensis
s__Choladousia sp020860365
s__Limnohabitans_A sp903856875
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021850985
s__Akkermansia sp017398355
s__CALWZE01 sp944385925
s__JAAYBY01 sp012729935
s__HIMB30 sp018402605
s__Reyranella sp019745575
s__RGIG4140 sp937888725
s__Prevotella sp934196725
s__2-01-FULL-39-13 sp001772665
s__Ferrimicrobium sp022690815
s__UBA1715 sp024402335
s__Kangiella sp947503435
s__JAQSYQ01 sp030652335
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017553255
s__Parvibaculum sp030645235
s__NaphS2 sp022340265
s__Mesorhizobium sp900115245
s__Dyella silvae
s__SURF-10 sp020444545
s__UBA6544 sp913046825
s__UBA9973 sp026395955
s__Aestuariibaculum sediminum
s__Sphingomonas hylomeconis
s__CAG-791 sp022652545
s__Amycolatopsis sp002904295
s__CAG-793 sp947624715
s__Bin125 sp022824765
s__JAEZOU01 sp023413895
s__GCA-2722315 sp019800895
s__Streptococcus oralis_D
s__Giesbergeria lacusdiani
s__Poseidonocella pacifica
s__Corynebacterium stercoris
s__Rectinema sp021813065
s__UBA2163 sp016784285
s__Hominimerdicola sp017464355
s__Vreelandella alkaliantarctica_A
s__Dokdonia sp023299935
s__Ferruginibacter sp013298665
s__Leptofilum sp937967805
s__Bin75 sp951812745
s__JACROF01 sp017991775
s__Erythrobacter colymbi
s__Faecousia sp017507425
s__UBA3818 sp028692035
s__VGCC01 sp016870195
s__Lepagella sp022510385
s__Dolichospermum sp009712035
s__Flavobacterium johnsoniae_A
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947593615
s__JADLFY01 sp020849575
s__Paracoccus sp030732095
s__Bradyrhizobium mercantei
s__1-14-0-20-35-14 sp002796205
s__Kaistella sp021401085
s__Aureliella sp003501565
s__Bradyrhizobium sp025200925
s__Acidocella sp018971725
s__Pontibacter arcticus
s__Larsenimonas suaedae
s__Primorskyibater_A aestuariivivens
s__JAJRXK01 sp024276305
s__UBA7050 sp018064935
s__AWTP1-13 sp003963125
s__MS024-2A sp018675855
s__Sneathiella sp017643685
s__Mycobacterium malmesburyense
s__Treponema_D sp946185185
s__Desulfosarcina sp030145105
s__UBA4923 sp012799825
s__WRNP01 sp009776515
s__Psychrilyobacter sp023145315
s__B1 sp030680835
s__Actinoplanes missouriensis
s__JAAYAB01 sp012719595
s__AG-337-I02 sp902586695
s__Shinella sp001713395
s__C7867-001 sp022841985
s__PWUC01 sp003562655
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp029266935
s__Dyadobacter fermentans_A
s__Hydrogenimonas sp003945285
s__JAJDNH01 sp022340775
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp013297725
s__JAAYJG01 sp012523055
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp023501975
s__SYFI01 sp017853415
s__Mycobacterium sp023416315
s__Evtepia sp017861415
s__JAAXXJ01 sp017885365
s__2-02-FULL-45-22_A sp002773795
s__Nocardia macrotermitis
s__Amycolatopsis coloradensis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp018267005
s__ELB16-189 sp025350305
s__Fibrisoma montanum
s__JJ008 sp946479005
s__Paludibacter propionicigenes
s__Phil12 sp017934545
s__PALSA-129 sp003152325
s__RGIG3566 sp017443965
s__Onthomonas sp934565425
s__JANWZV01 sp025061805
s__CAKKPH01 sp919901585
s__Terriglobus sp937873305
s__Nocardioides islandensis
s__UBA3282 sp017936885
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp002733605
s__Avidehalobacter sp947625705
s__UBA3402 sp947626915
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp023417745
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017557865
s__CAISGS01 sp947441065
s__Sulfurospirillum sp009930355
s__Neobacillus endophyticus
s__UMGS2069 sp947626955
s__Blautia_A sp946622645
s__JAUNUQ01 sp030538075
s__VGLK01 sp016866755
s__JAKIYB01 sp029553475
s__IMCC26134_A sp947471035
s__Heteroruminococcus sp017547245
s__Acidoferrum sp021324935
s__C7867-001 sp021813835
s__GCA-2718035 sp902520385
s__JAUIDY01 sp030428385
s__Prado106 sp025454315
s__Pelagibacter sp902529785
s__Enterococcus_G sp913775425
s__RGIG3002 sp021153325
s__Sedimentisphaera cyanobacteriorum
s__Martelella lutilitoris
s__OLB11 sp947460175
s__Comamonas_F sp003752175
s__Flavobacterium sp010365135
s__Campylobacter_A sp937997465
s__UBA8752 sp016780385
s__JADHWI01 sp016783565
s__Hymenobacter terricola
s__Polynucleobacter duraquae
s__CAG-196 sp934747325
s__Flavobacterium sp017984495
s__JAISVD01 sp031285525
s__Halomonas eurihalina
s__Sporobacter sp002307055
s__CAMCUU01 sp945879065
s__JAUXFF01 sp030620155
s__Cryomorpha sp020201045
s__SZUA-24 sp947260005
s__UBA9659 sp913428515
s__Onthousia sp949284575
s__Collinsella sp958435545
s__JALUTE01 sp027058255
s__JACPHB01 sp016188835
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003221075
s__UBA1739 sp002315385
s__Ramlibacter henchirensis
s__Limimorpha sp937896895
s__JAISNN01 sp031275485
s__JAJDHY01 sp030266385
s__DAHUZG01 sp027306715
s__Pelagibacter sp902598825
s__UBA6857 sp934541115
s__Nitrospira_G tepida
s__SM23-81 sp001304015
s__Sinimarinibacterium sp010092425
s__CAITIQ01 sp903892415
s__JAFGFK01 sp016931135
s__Tamlana_C fucoidanivorans
s__G020346125 sp030145085
s__Scatovivens sp947632605
s__JANQHS01 sp028279065
s__JAOAAG01 sp026418995
s__Aureibaculum sp020435885
s__Succinivibrio sp024693025
s__CAIQCE01 sp903870185
s__AAA044-D11 sp030834095
s__Thermodesulfobium narugense
s__Paracoccus sp030538425
s__UBA636 sp902803785
s__JAATET01 sp937901895
s__Amycolatopsis nigrescens
s__Onthocola_B sp944372205
s__Hansschlegelia sp000384475
s__S144-22 sp026989015
s__WRHL01 sp009783245
s__PeH17 sp017523925
s__Faecimonas sp944332295
s__UBA7672 sp030158285
s__UBA11490 sp945921465
s__BM004 sp019312695
s__PGYQ01 sp020061725
s__Paracoccus sp026913015
s__UBA3789 sp947165475
s__Streptococcus sp947253175
s__DUPT01 sp012799095
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017429465
s__CANLNM01 sp947492475
s__JACCQS01 sp013811805
s__CACXMZ01 sp902768975
s__CANQCX01 sp947591115
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017432025
s__GWB2-55-19 sp016182655
s__JANQRA01 sp028284765
s__Coprosoma sp934133155
s__CADEFT01 sp016201205
s__UBA9973 sp001785615
s__Paludibacterium sp018260425
s__Streptococcus sp945864085
s__JACOXB01 sp016176505
s__JAAZHK01 sp012510745
s__Gluconacetobacter tumulicola
s__JAUSIQ01 sp030647955
s__Methylophaga sp913055695
s__Alteromonas salexigens
s__PALSA-660 sp030652345
s__H1 sp031270425
s__DUOG01 sp012838945
s__GMQP-bins7 sp004366385
s__Mycobacterium sp024320865
s__SFTH01 sp004563405
s__Sphingobium sp020051025
s__Kordiimonas sp011088215
s__JAADCS01 sp013153965
s__JAUNSP01 sp030539155
s__Tenacibaculum sp947493285
s__ZLKRG46 sp018882585
s__D2472 sp902627055
s__RGIG1711 sp024680915
s__JAFASC01 sp019242655
s__Gallimonas sp947629485
s__JAIOPX01 sp021413585
s__Dyella sp016428905
s__VFLK01 sp016861085
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_K
s__Alteraurantiacibacter aquimixticola_A
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947166895
s__Dialister sp934193095
s__Sandaracinobacteroides sp002422985
s__UBA7937 sp030593425
s__JAGNZR01 sp947072715
s__NAK19 sp026415275
s__V1-33 sp003402705
s__Alitiscatomonas sp017435025
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_Q
s__JAEXSP01 sp023453795
s__CANHCV01 sp947501265
s__Nardonella sp004296535
s__Coproplasma sp944341195
s__Limiplasma sp017473345
s__JARGPD01 sp029212845
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881815
s__UBA10799 sp030157755
s__XBD2001 sp024690885
s__JAJRUI01 sp024277875
s__Caproicibacter melissae
s__Spirochaeta_F sp016342385
s__Ruegeria atlantica_D
s__Dysosmobacter sp944385455
s__Granulicatella adiacens_A
s__Lutibacter sp030694935
s__JAIRRO01 sp031261325
s__Faecousia sp015067615
s__Nonomuraea cypriaca
s__Massilibacteroides sp028705895
s__Neorhizobium halophilum
s__CAJXJZ01 sp913055745
s__UBA1062 sp018433085
s__UBA1450 sp002329205
s__Alistipes sp030529085
s__Acidicapsa dinghuensis
s__JAKEET01 sp022616435
s__Sulfuritalea sp016192435
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp002733865
s__V1-115 sp003402735
s__JAIMAT01 sp029960955
s__RF16 sp017542915
s__Marinomonas algicola
s__Planotetraspora phitsanulokensis
s__SZUA-265 sp025936205
s__MAG-120802 sp937883945
s__JANQJC01 sp028281825
s__Flavobacterium sp947461915
s__JAUNLE01 sp030532415
s__JAFDET01 sp028278065
s__MLS-D sp018399535
s__JAFAHD01 sp019237415
s__JAJYNT01 sp023380955
s__Actirhodobacter atriluteus
s__Bulleidia sp017469355
s__UBA5456 sp020532545
s__JAJPJH01 sp004322325
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp002779455
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212115
s__CAINEC01 sp947453935
s__B28-G17 sp003645735
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024807945
s__Magnetospirillum sp023437865
s__TMED2 sp019192455
s__Firm-07 sp015064125
s__Lutimaribacter saemankumensis
s__Fimenecus sp947630285
s__Shewanella sp021412565
s__Aquamicrobium_A zhengzhouense
s__Sneathiella marina
s__JARSSO01 sp937872125
s__Paludibacter sp947471245
s__SB25 sp020636835
s__Algoriphagus marinus
s__UBA11740 sp021323895
s__RUG099 sp946402595
s__CAKKQX01 sp019746155
s__MGBC140009 sp947089905
s__Anaerotignum sp944381385
s__Mor1 sp001664505
s__Phaeocystidibacter luteus
s__Cohaesibacter sp900215505
s__Mucispirillum sp937890655
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902516925
s__AG-337-I02 sp902535885
s__Sphingomicrobium sp946478955
s__Marinobacterium sp019061305
s__JAIRKW01 sp031284315
s__Butyrivibrio sp947167765
s__Corynebacterium frankenforstense
s__SKTA01 sp007125275
s__Aristaeella sp017404985
s__Cellulomonas sp003755175
s__UBA1479 sp002781745
s__JAIFWC01 sp019662065
s__JAITHW01 sp031279895
s__JAQUUG01 sp028693965
s__PMG-095 sp023419055
s__Silanimonas sp018333835
s__Sporocytophaga myxococcoides_A
s__Gillisia sp021535135
s__JACIXR01 sp014360495
s__CAITOL01 sp025360065
s__JAFGBW01 sp016932965
s__JARJEH01 sp013377015
s__Bin127 sp009837685
s__Pelagibacter sp028097645
s__Rubripirellula sp028823035
s__UBA1305 sp023435805
s__Celaenobacter antarcticus
s__Rhizobium sp900465665
s__Thermosyntropha lipolytica
s__SICB01 sp009691555
s__Anaerobutyricum sp946627575
s__Roseivirga sp001747095
s__Psychromonas sp002835995
s__UBA1067 sp945947925
s__BNXB01 sp025999255
s__UMGS263 sp949283785
s__Mycobacterium sp023460175
s__UBA1067 sp902801025
s__Chordicoccus sp030527685
s__Gaiella sp025358355
s__Syntrophopropionicum sp012518875
s__UBA1213 sp902767125
s__Paremcibacter sp002402225
s__Gallimonas sp947630775
s__Nocardioides sp022437945
s__GCA-2708415 sp023301785
s__Enteractinococcus helveticum
s__Microcella sp025808395
s__JARGPN01 sp029213045
s__Mycobacterium sp013449725
s__JANQIU01 sp028281985
s__SMXQ01 sp029863585
s__Rhabdobacter roseus
s__Streptomyces sp019049255
s__JAJRQE01 sp027077185
s__Aliarcobacter acticola
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902767465
s__DUUL01 sp012841575
s__UBA11704 sp018063165
s__Oerskovia jenensis
s__UBA1259 sp017448355
s__UBA9848 sp028719825
s__Bulleidia sp017512725
s__UBA2112 sp023898645
s__JAISGN01 sp031263015
s__GCA-2691245 sp902536655
s__CAG-269 sp947628775
s__RGIG4576 sp017473615
s__Slackia sp959608125
s__Izemoplasma_C sp002285055
s__UBA1212 sp017444825
s__Corticibacterium sp023422735
s__Crenothrix polyspora_B
s__CAJJDF01 sp905182785
s__Akkermansia sp017521405
s__Jiangella muralis
s__Salsuginibacillus halophilus
s__Casp-alpha2 sp022563215
s__QS-5-54-17 sp003022365
s__UBA5760 sp028716225
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp009846685
s__MSPOR6 sp028824685
s__Celeribacter litoreus
s__JADKFD01 sp016717705
s__Brevibacillus_E marinus
s__Nocardioides sp004919105
s__Acidoferrum sp013289825
s__JADJWG01 sp016716475
s__CASFBJ01 sp949292875
s__Acidovorax sp030692685
s__Marivita sp030431485
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009777155
s__CAG-488 sp017461625
s__UBA10014 sp016209325
s__Leifsonia shinshuensis_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902522325
s__KBS-83 sp030838385
s__MGBC139354 sp947630515
s__Heteroscilispira sp944385595
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_Z
s__JAJZLI01 sp021803645
s__RGIG2206 sp946186725
s__Palsa-1447 sp003164715
s__Roseburia sp947628935
s__MED-G78 sp905181645
s__JAAELT01 sp024226315
s__Mobilitalea sibirica
s__SZUA-430 sp018969785
s__JAIRNC01 sp031257775
s__Dysosmobacter sp014799855
s__Hyphomonas sp016125515
s__Pelagibacter sp902566805
s__Leptospira_B sarikeiensis
s__GCA-2746335 sp002746335
s__Enterousia sp947306185
s__JALHMQ01 sp020248785
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum_P
s__Afifella julia
s__Bauldia sp023433185
s__PUMX01 sp003552485
s__Mangrovibacillus cuniculi
s__1-14-0-10-34-10 sp002773945
s__JACCZU01 sp013695835
s__Pelagibacter sp902599485
s__Streptomyces sp031157275
s__Paenirhodobacter enshiensis
s__CF-46 sp013698095
s__UBA1174 sp031264445
s__AWTP1-35 sp018268735
s__Planktophila sp947454425
s__Alistipes sp017483225
s__Thalassotalea_A mangrovi
s__CALBKH01 sp937873675
s__Mariprofundus sp001871925
s__UBA4466 sp022447585
s__SDU3-3 sp009268125
s__RUG410 sp017460085
s__BPKI01 sp026005055
s__JAAVYR01 sp949739465
s__UBA3633 sp947303805
s__Desulfobacter sp022361315
s__Microcoleus sp020883125
s__SAR86A sp902628085
s__Arthrobacter sp003287955
s__Frigoribacterium sp017833035
s__Lawsonibacter sp022798155
s__Glo-17 sp003353795
s__Bradyrhizobium sp001908205
s__JACPAY01 sp023247155
s__Paremcibacter sp013152615
s__JAABUE01 sp011389535
s__Methylovulum sp002299495
s__Mesorhizobium sp020164785
s__RF16 sp946185835
s__UBA1784 sp017628235
s__UBA3254 sp016926695
s__Flavimaribacter sediminis
s__Oceanithermus sp026981865
s__Sporolactobacillus shoreae
s__JAFMIT01 sp026392535
s__JABMPR01 sp016844945
s__BRHc4a sp000961585
s__JACKHW01 sp020638795
s__JAKSCJ01 sp022360675
s__Caproicibacter sp023410445
s__Sideroxyarcus sp011620315
s__HGM11501 sp017536285
s__Ch48 sp013314855
s__JAENWF01 sp937870635
s__Nitrohelix sp002787235
s__JAISFT01 sp031276685
s__Nocardia miyunensis
s__Sideroxyarcus sp020053195
s__JAHWKN01 sp019347875
s__Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis
s__JALZEA01 sp030862265
s__Prevotella sp017470345
s__Sphingomonas sp003355005
s__Helicobacter_E sp030296895
s__CALNBE01 sp031269335
s__NAK19 sp003130835
s__UBA1784 sp015061625
s__Petralouisia sp947565305
s__RAAP-2 sp003134515
s__UBA668 sp030645675
s__RF16 sp902799185
s__Flavipsychrobacter stenotrophus_D
s__GYS-P2D sp009833045
s__Humisphaera borealis
s__UBA7584 sp016290255
s__UBA2093 sp005788205
s__SCTM01 sp004297485
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949289305
s__JAUQXG01 sp030834765
s__UBA3663 sp017618715
s__Isosphaera pallida
s__Thiogranum sp913053655
s__RUG099 sp902774265
s__CAJPNN01 sp905372035
s__Dorea_A sp934309195
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216955
s__PMG-095 sp030852505
s__UBA3207 sp902796125
s__Methylobacter_A sp030655535
s__JAISZF01 sp031269415
s__Yinghuangia seranimata
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510305
s__Micromonospora inaquosa
s__Rhodovulum bhavnagarense
s__Undibacterium baiyunense
s__UBA935 sp009780115
s__Pelagibacter sp902554315
s__UBA2466 sp009692515
s__RGIG6463 sp017532485
s__JAGQIF01 sp020431485
s__JACQSY01 sp016211085
s__Ezakiella sp902488465
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp030650395
s__Daejeonella oryzae
s__Pseudospirillum japonicum
s__Kineosporia succinea
s__Flavobacterium sp015234525
s__Caccovivens sp947062475
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp029978005
s__JAHWKU01 sp019347715
s__Marinobacter lipolyticus_B
s__Defluviilinea sp022616105
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249465
s__Cellulomonas fulva
s__Fen-1039 sp003156975
s__JAHEZL01 sp026390935
s__Hydromicrobium sp016870675
s__Aeromicrobium sp029779385
s__Pedobacter sp003061025
s__Desulfovibrio sp030530085
s__UBA2270 sp030653035
s__UBA3637 sp015062245
s__Stenotrophomonas ginsengisoli
s__CAINVI01 sp903854075
s__WRMH01 sp009777775
s__Flavobacterium succinicans_A
s__Lunatimonas salilacus
s__UBA5578 sp947626275
s__Pseudolabrys sp003152455
s__Synchoanobacter obligatus
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003213955
s__UBA791 sp902803265
s__ECT2AJA-110-A sp030432035
s__LD21 sp030706785
s__CALGTJ01 sp937901435
s__Herbiconiux sp000333435
s__Bog-105 sp019246575
s__Pseudomonas_E sp018449725
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002113025
s__UBA8914 sp020720905
s__Aegiribacteria sp021108005
s__RUG12461 sp017450105
s__JAQTRS01 sp028711705
s__JADZAI01 sp027492655
s__Fibrobacter sp021443065
s__Herbaspirillum sp017814915
s__Mobilitalea sp012519905
s__Comamonas sp024809975
s__JAHFPN01 sp023269635
s__UBA1267 sp946630765
s__Amnibacterium sp019352055
s__Onthomonas sp945926565
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp019638495
s__LL51 sp031255715
s__Desulfovibrio sp031272405
s__JAUIFI01 sp030429505
s__Alishewanella longhuensis
s__JAGQRJ01 sp020425635
s__Collinsella sp019419585
s__Collinsella sp902489515
s__AG-339-G14 sp004213955
s__Palsa-295 sp013287135
s__Desulfothermus okinawensis
s__UBA6985 sp937863745
s__PALSA-1006 sp030690855
s__CAG-302 sp947624475
s__HIMB59 sp902610415
s__Udaeobacter sp003219465
s__JADJVK01 sp016710625
s__JADGNW01 sp017883315
s__JAHDCO01 sp937930305
s__JADKAV01 sp029779995
s__Pelagibacter sp902579465
s__Rhodanobacter denitrificans_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902523125
s__JAMWDI01 sp023818745
s__Micromonospora sp003664255
s__RGIG6452 sp017532825
s__G020351025 sp020351025
s__Mycobacterium sp002968285
s__UBA7683 sp002482925
s__UMGS755 sp017549205
s__GCA-2786225 sp028462125
s__RGIG2134 sp017409065
s__SCMT01 sp008015835
s__Micromonospora sp016802865
s__Thermomonas sp963205445
s__JADHVM01 sp016783985
s__Herbiconiux sp013113715
s__FEN-1185 sp003165595
s__JAGQPD01 sp020426865
s__Halioglobus sp003646405
s__JASJDA01 sp030065265
s__WRFZ01 sp031289145
s__JAQTNC01 sp028714475
s__E44-bin88 sp030616265
s__JALWQU01 sp026982915
s__Knoellia subterranea
s__Aeromonas sp900156095
s__Phenylobacterium sp024508875
s__Geodermatophilus sp900104025
s__JAAZFS01 sp012511615
s__JAFGQJ01 sp016935715
s__Corynebacterium sp943913395
s__2-01-FULL-50-25 sp001822215
s__SYHX01 sp016872125
s__Butyribacter sp022510685
s__Planktophila sp029977785
s__M3007 sp025056735
s__LS-NOB sp029261435
s__UBA9620 sp003533545
s__UBA8914 sp020718105
s__JAAZCR01 sp012513195
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp017351175
s__UBA10799 sp963169255
s__JAHDHU01 sp937942405
s__Fibromonas termitidis
s__COE1 sp015056925
s__Arthrobacter sp019977355
s__Actinomycetospora chiangmaiensis
s__GCA-2401635 sp913055645
s__JAAYED01 sp012728955
s__JAQTOI01 sp028713415
s__Spirillospora xylanilytica
s__PGYV01 sp002839855
s__Pelagibacter sp902591185
s__Stenotrophomonas sp900078405
s__JACKDP01 sp020633435
s__Thermotoga sp021162145
s__Paenibacillus faecalis
s__CAINVV01 sp025358025
s__J027 sp003697365
s__Adlercreutzia sp958431955
s__B1 sp002256395
s__Variovorax sp016405905
s__Roseburia sp019411365
s__Streptomyces graminofaciens
s__UBA4951 sp949293555
s__JACRHA01 sp016234185
s__JAAZYG01 sp014239775
s__Rhizomicrobium sp025935155
s__UBA5072 sp016928305
s__UBA8346 sp023429995
s__Komagataeibacter sp021295335
s__JAGGZF01 sp021162155
s__CAISTG01 sp903888345
s__JADJGC01 sp020853795
s__VGPF01 sp945861815
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp030830565
s__Catenulispora sp013362315
s__JACPHN01 sp016188575
s__Lautropia sp030532895
s__UBA6024 sp945897845
s__GWF1-51-8 sp001829395
s__Rodentibacter heidelbergensis
s__Limivicinus sp934572355
s__Ruania suaedae
s__Lentzea tibetensis
s__ESL0723 sp029433155
s__Capillibacterium sp012727425
s__Cytobacillus oceanisediminis_A
s__Faecousia sp015068175
s__Rariglobus sp024711005
s__JAKLIH01 sp028691405
s__GWF1-51-8 sp013177895
s__CAKVBE01 sp934725005
s__Treponema_D sp946411215
s__F23-D06 sp017650305
s__Larkinella punicea
s__Coralloluteibacterium stylophorae
s__TMED161 sp002591605
s__Roseitalea porphyridii
s__Ga0074137 sp022843085
s__Thermanaerosceptrum sp020054815
s__Pedobacter cryoconitis_E
s__WJMT01 sp014727835
s__JAFCZD01 sp019314525
s__Acidithrix sp021823385
s__UBA2450 sp902800645
s__Hominiventricola sp021205385
s__GCA-016699145 sp016699145
s__STF2-111 sp028709505
s__Salinisphaera japonica
s__CAG-267 sp017939155
s__UBA6918 sp008923285
s__Bartonella gabonensis
s__JAJDCB01 sp029261065
s__JAIRLV01 sp031259185
s__Rubrobacter_D sp902805975
s__Arthrobacter pascens_A
s__UM-FILTER-42-14 sp002772695
s__WRFS01 sp009778695
s__Psychrobacillus vulpis
s__STF1-98 sp028698585
s__JAKADJ01 sp021820645
s__Sediminibacillus albus
s__JAVHYG01 sp031119195
s__Alicyclobacillus_L sp028751195
s__JAJFMA01 sp021772415
s__UBA6129 sp002422465
s__JAAFIP01 sp013297925
s__Arsenophonus sp029873475
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947630685
s__CAJXVY01 sp913062975
s__Methylocella sp017353815
s__JAQTMD01 sp028714595
s__CAMCWB01 sp945882315
s__AR31 sp003221635
s__UBA11873 sp003540955
s__Alistipes sp948736885
s__WQVC01 sp009786975
s__Thalassotalea_F euphylliae_A
s__CALEFQ01 sp937877125
s__Labrys wisconsinensis
s__CAKZSF01 sp937920575
s__JANZZA01 sp026419655
s__V9D3004 sp015057405
s__Ga0074139 sp030158485
s__CAG-269 sp947599995
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000617845
s__JAJUJI01 sp029265405
s__Fen-1118 sp016935975
s__Zeimonas sp023383035
s__Gallimonas sp947624225
s__Rhodopirellula aestuarii
s__Parvularcula mediterranea
s__Planktophila sp030832135
s__GCF-900161835 sp900161835
s__Cellvibrio sp946482345
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp905373385
s__Butyribacter sp018918235
s__GBChlB sp000724175
s__UBA1829 sp949297765
s__JACRCP01 sp016218965
s__Limnocylindrus sp945862225
s__S139-169 sp027083345
s__Undibacterium sp019745005
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016715895
s__Epidermidibacterium sp946221975
s__Tetragenococcus sp030462125
s__RGIG8002 sp017620395
s__CAG-791 sp946626215
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AJ
s__JANYFL01 sp025362735
s__Corynebacterium sp943912465
s__Alcanivorax sp017794965
s__Sideroxyarcus sp006218055
s__GWB1-39-12 sp000993405
s__Thiogranum sp027080445
s__Rhodopila sp947476855
s__NK4A144 sp017634175
s__Chryseobacterium sp003815675
s__Tener-01 sp001604495
s__Paramuribaculum sp947177605
s__UMGS1002 sp012837425
s__Desulfurispira natronophila
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp913057195
s__Anaerotignum sp937888765
s__HRBIN21 sp025059875
s__RUG11797 sp024404415
s__Cyanobium_A sp015840335
s__Flavobacterium lacisediminis
s__UBA12090 sp030674475
s__WQXA01 sp009776375
s__Capnocytophaga sp000466425
s__UBA1479 sp024397995
s__UBA4421 sp028277965
s__Lederbergia_A citrisecunda
s__CAIXLI01 sp026225415
s__Bacteroides sp944320635
s__Coproplasma sp947629695
s__Demequina sp937925595
s__BRH-c32 sp937936675
s__Marinicella sp937942365
s__UB1719 sp024408495
s__Poseidonocella sedimentorum
s__JAUZPN01 sp030705885
s__Prevotella sp902785945
s__Archangium lansinium
s__GCA-2684655 sp029936315
s__JADGNR01 sp017883415
s__Nocardioides sp947489365
s__BRHc4a sp023475565
s__CAG-269 sp958413095
s__SIG208 sp015059285
s__JAGOSP01 sp030917745
s__Firm-07 sp947306035
s__AR5 sp003220265
s__Caulobacter mirabilis
s__JALZLY01 sp030858465
s__Desulfovibrio_Q sp018816865
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005888075
s__JAAYYM01 sp030539165
s__JAPUKU01 sp027295505
s__SXWH01 sp945868985
s__Allosphingosinicella sp019239785
s__Vicinibacter sp029781865
s__CAG-1252 sp946625545
s__Rossellomorea sp008364765
s__Streptomyces griseoflavus
s__Phenylobacterium sp030646615
s__CAIXNZ01 sp903920975
s__JAEWAH01 sp023425025
s__SbD1 sp900290365
s__JAJVLF01 sp029255845
s__Hahella ganghwensis
s__JAABRE01 sp011391125
s__JACQOF01 sp016202645
s__Tsukamurella sp903970215
s__UBA4372 sp024690405
s__MVQL01 sp028702435
s__Paracoccus alkenifer
s__J023 sp003697015
s__Streptomyces sp026343125
s__Opitutus sp023391285
s__Neisseria sicca_E
s__Agromyces sp004959775
s__Methylosinus sp016178015
s__CAG-273 sp944390995
s__Chitinophaga parva
s__Novosphingobium sp902506425
s__Rubinisphaera sp024278285
s__UMGS1933 sp944391645
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AN
s__JAGQKZ01 sp020429745
s__JAJDNG01 sp022340845
s__Palsa-504 sp025934635
s__Prevotella sp902477645
s__Prevotella sp900554835
s__Fen-1258 sp023250955
s__Prevotella sp017934525
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947623205
s__PNKL01 sp021802745
s__UBA4592 sp017857705
s__OLB9 sp021298335
s__Dysosmobacter sp947654275
s__Microcella sp001464255
s__Ornithinicoccus muralis
s__Pelagibacter sp014653455
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003136335
s__NORP259 sp016764635
s__RUG714 sp015066575
s__Pseudaestuariivita atlantica
s__WTJD01 sp024640045
s__Pseudidiomarina halophila
s__Helicobacter_B sp017502485
s__2-02-FULL-35-15 sp023250205
s__JAAYZH01 sp938014865
s__Firm-04 sp024404915
s__Hatepunaea meridiana
s__Orrella dioscoreae
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031290155
s__MB11C04 sp028101545
s__Prosthecobacter sp017853885
s__JAHJQQ01 sp016218375
s__Nitrospira_D sp020846195
s__UBA4716 sp934481375
s__Desulfosporosinus sp020595055
s__CAJWTS01 sp913047795
s__UBA4334 sp022508665
s__JAFIEP01 sp020832495
s__Demequina litorisediminis
s__FEN-1297 sp003142915
s__JACXUG01 sp014764065
s__JAHDDY01 sp937974055
s__CALMFT01 sp937862565
s__Palleronia aestuarii
s__CACIJG01 sp902567635
s__Devosia_A sp903842455
s__Pedobacter sp014302835
s__Spiroplasma_C holothuricola
s__Sulfidibacterium sp024280235
s__JAAXGX01 sp012271165
s__Roseovarius sp030733425
s__JAPYTK01 sp030426145
s__Nakamurella panacisegetis
s__JACZRV01 sp022574555
s__Bermanella sp002162985
s__CAJJDF01 sp024639505
s__CAG-196 sp944323665
s__Prolixibacter sp009617875
s__Ga0077527 sp019751125
s__Sphingomonas tenebrarum
s__Weissella muntiaci
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903944555
s__VBWC01 sp023266115
s__JAAETI01 sp030066715
s__Alitiscatomonas sp015057755
s__Phnomibacter sp004292575
s__CANRIM01 sp947630695
s__UBA6262 sp002441095
s__HIMB100 sp902523435
s__Flavobacterium sp021151665
s__CAMQYB01 sp947041225
s__Kaiparowitsia implicata
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000263855
s__SLFE01 sp011065065
s__Alistipes sp017451685
s__JAGRMT01 sp020441125
s__Cellulophaga sp000799565
s__MFKM01 sp030693325
s__UBA1188 sp002310135
s__Iningainema tapete
s__JAADEM01 sp013153405
s__Blautia_A sp030536995
s__JAIRNQ01 sp031277995
s__Hyphomonas sp000961795
s__JAKPNJ01 sp029548445
s__UBA1181 sp017649635
s__Hyphobacterium sp021864465
s__WLWV01 sp012103395
s__Ancylobacter sp000702305
s__Parvibaculum sp019635975
s__SIG336 sp024699355
s__BM002 sp020353155
s__Pelagibacter sp902633535
s__Streptomyces sulfonofaciens
s__WH-5701 sp025128055
s__RGIG3009 sp017440005
s__GCA-2401155 sp002401155
s__UBA5109 sp029246545
s__CAJCIW01 sp023269355
s__Caulobacter sp001427665
s__WTGU01 sp022826665
s__JACCTI01 sp013812515
s__Alistipes sp017647025
s__CATQHP01 sp958295955
s__Pseudoleptotrichia sp030532815
s__RUG099 sp902765035
s__Eubacterium_I sp020859905
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029213265
s__JADJUW01 sp016716835
s__RUG410 sp902795745
s__Rubrivivax sp026932425
s__Flavobacterium sharifuzzamanii
s__HGM13634 sp947628425
s__UBA2450 sp946612115
s__Malonomonas sp030595055
s__UBA4096 sp020048985
s__Sphingomonas sp014892665
s__Microcoleus sp013299165
s__RUG14156 sp017461425
s__RGIG2000 sp015065005
s__M0040 sp029667085
s__Onthomorpha sp937901525
s__PNKL01 sp031127085
s__Beutenbergia cavernae
s__Alteromonas sp001885075
s__Limnohabitans_A sp000293865
s__CAIKUF01 sp029864165
s__2-01-FULL-41-12 sp001805765
s__UBA3871 sp016280485
s__JAQUQM01 sp026389695
s__JAJRPF01 sp024277065
s__UBA6985 sp946615975
s__Propionivibrio dicarboxylicus
s__UBA5614 sp027318525
s__UBA7455 sp026713185
s__JAEURQ01 sp021413725
s__Planctomyces_A sp001610835
s__STC-54 sp028687915
s__JAPLJL01 sp028713675
s__Anaerotruncus sp023394255
s__RGIG10196 sp024694145
s__Pelagibacter sp902551735
s__Vreelandella sp020201095
s__JALZEG01 sp030861725
s__DRWP01 sp025054635
s__Sediminitomix flava
s__JAAZVD01 sp028284865
s__CALAMD01 sp026168805
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp022508895
s__JAUXGA01 sp030622545
s__Caccenecus sp947632455
s__Gracilibacillus halophilus
s__HIMB30 sp009922705
s__JAFGGC01 sp016930715
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp026415035
s__UBA7441 sp007692545
s__Delta-02 sp001603955
s__DP-20 sp016874755
s__WGBX01 sp026996605
s__Moraxella sp030525825
s__RGIG4266 sp023460995
s__UMGS2069 sp918285425
s__Andreesenia angusta_A
s__Bacillus_AZ maritimus_A
s__34-128 sp002084865
s__GCA-2716765 sp002716765
s__UBA3792 sp946539625
s__JAMWCK01 sp023819625
s__Cedecea michiganensis_A
s__G030849185 sp030849405
s__Faecalicoccus sp902497095
s__Marinomonas rhizomae_A
s__JAENYW01 sp016841555
s__CALRGO01 sp943349395
s__JAJZNU01 sp027371825
s__UBA737 sp017466905
s__Nocardioides cavernae_A
s__SHVJ01 sp945889545
s__Prevotella sp021443285
s__Methylocystis sp003152255
s__JAIORY01 sp021107915
s__Suilimivivens sp017938315
s__JAAZIZ01 sp012800565
s__GWA2-46-15 sp001823105
s__WQUG01 sp009781115
s__Specibacter sp027568515
s__Treponema_D sp017390125
s__Pseudomarimonas arenosa
s__Collinsella sp902470365
s__JAOAHH01 sp026415325
s__UBA11865 sp020353135
s__Duganella danionis
s__RUG11200 sp902783965
s__Lysobacter auxotrophicus
s__Microbacterium sp015655255
s__CAITKP01 sp028683835
s__GWA1-54-10 sp014379165
s__Cryobacterium sp030063195
s__Pontimonas sp018402295
s__Aquisediminimonas sp002478575
s__Kitasatospora sp000719695
s__Wolbachia sp936270435
s__JAJRQE01 sp030633365
s__Campylobacter_A sp937896205
s__WQXQ01 sp009780545
s__Phytohabitans sp031085175
s__Aquabacterium sp028868855
s__Wigglesworthia glossinidia_A
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BE
s__JAUVNZ01 sp030599435
s__Anaerosphaera multitolerans
s__Dokdonella_A sp009996615
s__Trichlorobacter sp933509905
s__UMGS1865 sp017507905
s__UBA1259 sp905235785
s__UBA1259 sp015069465
s__LH-M37 sp026196545
s__Chryseobacterium sp001045455
s__Asticcacaulis aquaticus
s__Lentilactobacillus sp951230165
s__Faecousia sp947164825
s__Parerythrobacter lutipelagi
s__JANQSA01 sp023016285
s__UMGS1585 sp944326685
s__JANQIO01 sp028280635
s__JACROX01 sp016214225
s__JAIPJA01 sp021734405
s__JAAYCJ01 sp012729815
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937927395
s__CAJOIG01 sp947626265
s__UBA636 sp017441765
s__Butyricicoccus sp945932315
s__Sphingomonas sp027489295
s__CALVJF01 sp947624095
s__JAQUPF01 sp028716845
s__J153 sp003693905
s__Allorhizobium oryziradicis
s__DUUA01 sp012841765
s__Nanosynbacter sp010202465
s__Marinomonas sp025716875
s__Agrococcus sp005484985
s__JAIRMO01 sp031275595
s__DT-59 sp013215865
s__Telluria forsythiae
s__MSPOR6 sp958295945
s__Microbacterium sp030818905
s__Mycobacterium porcinum_A
s__GCA-003244245 sp030854185
s__JAIQGC01 sp020072805
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334975
s__Rhodopirellula sp000346425
s__JABDDZ01 sp013287335
s__CAOJBM01 sp948442015
s__JAISWZ01 sp031269465
s__WFHF3C12 sp013519935
s__Crocosphaera subtropica
s__Acrocarpospora pleiomorpha
s__Thiohalophilus thiocyanatoxydans
s__Nitrosomonas sp028577615
s__Olivibacter sp014334135
s__Microvirga solisilvae
s__UBA1135 sp003501525
s__Roseovarius lutimaris
s__Qipengyuania sp950071875
s__Caedimonas sp016794245
s__JAOARJ01 sp025210615
s__UMGS1491 sp946566955
s__CSBR16-174 sp007117285
s__Polaromonas sp028291905
s__Pseudidiomarina indica
s__PALSA-747 sp903839355
s__UBA5078 sp947259995
s__Nonlabens marinus
s__RGIG3009 sp017503785
s__Vibrio aquaticus
s__Microcella sp020216895
s__WQXQ01 sp009784975
s__Saccharofermentans sp905234715
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017451645
s__Methyloprofundus sp021736705
s__Caulobacter hibisci
s__Aerococcus sp002252085
s__Arthrobacter oryzae_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902521675
s__UBA5745 sp937873525
s__JAUIJR01 sp030431075
s__Mucilaginibacter sp025355225
s__Nocardioides palaemonis
s__UWMA-0277 sp014384505
s__RBC074 sp021155085
s__JAHFCY01 sp023249255
s__JAPUJU01 sp027296025
s__Pseudooceanicola flagellatus_A
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003165455
s__Weissella sp031289015
s__MT45 sp900100325
s__SP197 sp938048755
s__WSZY01 sp021545595
s__SYOC01 sp005804965
s__Roseburia sp934307185
s__Sulfurovum lithotrophicum
s__UBA1181 sp902784425
s__JAFGAL01 sp016933695
s__SZUA-76 sp002401765
s__DTU059 sp012523685
s__UBA4248 sp017629415
s__Desulfosudis sp002085115
s__Clostridium sp022869825
s__TMED96 sp902542725
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp949948895
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio brasiliensis
s__Alteraurantiacibacter aestuarii
s__G020350405 sp020350405
s__DAOVUZ01 sp030632305
s__UBA3738 sp946545145
s__Occallatibacter sp030040425
s__Brevundimonas naejangsanensis_B
s__Herbaspirillum hiltneri
s__UBA11386 sp016929515
s__Collinsella sp900542635
s__JAEWSN01 sp023459915
s__WRFX01 sp009779925
s__Enterousia sp017936185
s__Gemmiger sp944388135
s__JACQWB01 sp016209385
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902594835
s__CAKMZU01 sp929200485
s__DTU013 sp023435305
s__Colwellia_A sp013215295
s__SpSt-539 sp015654675
s__SLDF01 sp022841345
s__Teretinema sp001604385
s__Deefgea rivuli
s__CANQVB01 sp947623625
s__Methylophilus sp001464125
s__Parvicella sp947311505
s__JADJYF01 sp020849475
s__G020350565 sp020350565
s__UBA3015 sp002366885
s__SKVS01 sp007129335
s__Pelagibacter sp902603925
s__JADJSS01 sp016699615
s__M0040 sp024636155
s__CAJQSL01 sp905612315
s__Telluria sp030272785
s__Psychromonas sp002836415
s__UBA7446 sp009937085
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AF
s__S141-23 sp015490995
s__Sphingomonas sp030146605
s__Spirillospora viridis
s__RGIG10147 sp017454015
s__Bellilinea sp937863605
s__HIMB100 sp902520575
s__Paenibacillus_G tyrfis_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902607805
s__Oceanisphaera sp947495715
s__Anaerotignum sp002380805
s__SKW292 sp026416215
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp021737225
s__G020354945 sp020354945
s__Blastococcus sp000620185
s__UBA3207 sp902774655
s__Arthrobacter liuii
s__SCTI01 sp004297735
s__BOG-224 sp903882645
s__Inhella sp017302655
s__Pelagibacter sp902631135
s__S016-54 sp024278395
s__Corynebacterium sp030532715
s__JAPWJZ01 sp004297545
s__DYJB01 sp026390045
s__UBA1231 sp017501465
s__Cohnella ginsengisoli
s__Gramella sp023718305
s__Cytobacillus gottheilii_A
s__JAMDDA01 sp027493445
s__UBA5489 sp017503445
s__Limnohabitans sp903830725
s__UBA6249 sp028716965
s__Pedobacter sp029959615
s__Flavobacterium sp021740105
s__UBA3210 sp029006735
s__JASMKV01 sp030749035
s__Spinactinospora alkalitolerans
s__NS-4 sp005877815
s__JACCXN01 sp030856445
s__SKWY01 sp007128675
s__JALYGY01 sp030776865
s__Pelagibacter sp902555535
s__JAISOF01 sp031275815
s__Bifidobacterium sp029395535
s__Moraxella nasibovis
s__Lysobacter_B pythonis
s__JACPFF01 sp016183065
s__Stenotrophomonas sp018612915
s__UBA3789 sp946539445
s__Desulfuromusa sp029932345
s__Gallimonas sp944338265
s__JANXQG01 sp025353625
s__Neochlamydia sp013414685
s__Pelagibacter sp905612365
s__UBA6448 sp934098665
s__JACRAO01 sp016194835
s__JACCTL01 sp030858865
s__Hominicoprocola sp947170435
s__Saccharomonospora iraqiensis
s__HyVt-539 sp026984035
s__C7867-001 sp003230945
s__PALSA-1004 sp947476215
s__Brevibacterium intestinigallinarum
s__Streptomyces sp001905365
s__Sulfuricaulis sp027449605
s__UBA12567 sp029247205
s__MS024-2A sp902606525
s__UBA2813 sp902766395
s__Chitinimonas prasina
s__HA3dbin3 sp015229045
s__JACRIB01 sp943358175
s__Plantibacter sp900177795
s__CACNRH01 sp902584365
s__JAFGIC01 sp016929815
s__Scatomorpha sp944385795
s__Thioglobus_C sp003978285
s__Collinsella sp902470695
s__RUG11257 sp017962235
s__Caulobacter sp946480495
s__Ch130 sp029907475
s__RBG-16-64-13 sp016929985
s__GWA1-54-10 sp020050775
s__Rickettsia sp020881235
s__SURF-56 sp003599135
s__MWCR01 sp022703155
s__Kitasatospora sp026340565
s__Eubacterium_R sp947589575
s__DAIDKA01 sp027451085
s__UBA3637 sp017412085
s__Qaidamihabitans shujinwangii
s__UBA6213 sp002842855
s__CAJIYG01 sp913063045
s__UBA1319 sp002306985
s__JAJRZK01 sp024275315
s__JAJFFH01 sp021776735
s__Pirellula_B sp903930765
s__Aphodousia sp937906995
s__UBA2270 sp019429465
s__JAIPGT01 sp021735565
s__JADFKM01 sp022564935
s__PWLA01 sp003559555
s__FD2005 sp024688505
s__UBA2918 sp024682035
s__Pseudonocardia terrae
s__Methylophaga sp030148085
s__Romeriopsis sp012031975
s__JACDFU01 sp013815585
s__UBA2593 sp002340085
s__UBA2329 sp019638385
s__Bradyrhizobium sp015291625
s__VGWA01 sp016873795
s__Leuconostoc miyukkimchii
s__Cyanobium sp024958715
s__UBA6448 sp012799635
s__UBA1685 sp015056105
s__JAKDLQ01 sp030452775
s__Thalassotalea_G eurytherma
s__Brevefilum sp007119455
s__UBA1067 sp017447805
s__JABDJT01 sp013003335
s__UBA5619 sp002424545
s__Roseinatronobacter sp028745735
s__Pelagibacter sp902564385
s__Hel1-33-131 sp018608735
s__GCA-2747695 sp029934835
s__SIBX01 sp009694925
s__Geopsychrobacter sp021647445
s__UBA11403 sp002423125
s__Paenibacillus_Z taihuensis
s__FW021-bin31 sp004322015
s__UMGS1491 sp934700635
s__Olsenella_D sp002331575
s__Clostridium_AD sp016650035
s__JAMCQP01 sp023381695
s__SIG510 sp017421025
s__Vampirovibrio chlorellavorus
s__JAGOAT01 sp017983775
s__Hormoscilla sp005518205
s__Enterococcus_B ratti
s__UBA7708 sp016873215
s__Egerieimonas_A sp944384105
s__Photorhabdus namnaonensis
s__Amphibacillus sp012838505
s__Sulfuricurvum sp945867285
s__JABEVD01 sp021811205
s__Cocleimonas sp026989145
s__JACVCJ01 sp016742095
s__Telluria sp005222695
s__GCA-002720895 sp002720895
s__DUUI01 sp012841625
s__Phenylobacterium sp016793225
s__JAQUVS01 sp028693275
s__Palsa-881 sp018241335
s__JACOUO01 sp016177845
s__JAHFUQ01 sp020200615
s__Pelagibacter sp902611465
s__Echinicola sp015533855
s__UBA11869 sp913045195
s__CALJNB01 sp937981985
s__GCA-2862085 sp016779205
s__Allorhizobium halophytocola
s__Alkaliphilus_B sp015978205
s__CAG-448 sp017414605
s__MMGLT7 sp023425225
s__Spiribacter sp913061005
s__Bin95 sp002238885
s__Succiniclasticum ruminis
s__Pristimantibacillus sp031157315
s__JAIVJM01 sp020199995
s__OLB6 sp024103135
s__Balneola sp028284195
s__JAHDHT01 sp020631175
s__Specibacter polaris
s__Flexifilum sp016788435
s__01-FULL-43-11b sp001780985
s__RH2-MAG17b sp030040455
s__JAJECS01 sp028873795
s__Methylotenera sp016867975
s__CAKSIH01 sp934462705
s__Paludibacter sp017882285
s__CAKSEI01 sp022791195
s__Microscilla sp003483885
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003280445
s__UWMA-0277 sp949531795
s__UMGS1663 sp022791475
s__UBA5905 sp017471765
s__Phaeobacter sp022825805
s__JAEDJI01 sp934096275
s__UBA2100 sp016763615
s__JAHJUB01 sp018829455
s__28-YEA-48 sp028290085
s__RGIG8773 sp014799675
s__JAGXTH01 sp018333475
s__JAMPIX01 sp024721275
s__JAAYKF01 sp012522535
s__AC-51 sp030774195
s__VGFC01 sp016869045
s__S010-17 sp021648755
s__CAG-273 sp022798335
s__Evtepia sp017502545
s__Fenollaria sp900539725
s__JAJPKE01 sp030167145
s__UBA966 sp947459855
s__AV69 sp019244415
s__WHTI01 sp016649855
s__Cryobacterium sp026151165
s__Thiopontia sp937877715
s__CALXSC01 sp028688645
s__UBA6079 sp002428705
s__Parvicella tangerina
s__JAUXUR01 sp030680745
s__Scatosoma sp017507005
s__UBA1259 sp934271245
s__Burkholderia sp018375725
s__Phaeospirillum kuznetsovii
s__UBA5972 sp030148665
s__PGZD01 sp002843155
s__JAHEZZ01 sp023250815
s__PALSA-1178 sp937889595
s__Telluria yuzhufengensis
s__UBA4334 sp902786925
s__JADFQT01 sp022561675
s__RI-283 sp016124415
s__Bradyrhizobium sp019242285
s__JABFRC01 sp030699345
s__Collinsella sp902475865
s__Neisseria meningitidis_C
s__RGIG6449 sp017533005
s__CALRGH01 sp943354645
s__SFMI01 sp019420065
s__Pelobium sp014378285
s__UBA2658 sp009929315
s__Bact-19 sp905234755
s__EhC02 sp024304855
s__Solimicrobium silvestre
s__Ureaplasma sp020024775
s__Corynebacterium faecale
s__OFTM250 sp029260075
s__Kiloniella sp913060675
s__Asticcacaulis sp020535245
s__Palsa-465 sp019241635
s__AV80 sp003218375
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp018645085
s__GCF-002259525 sp020881085
s__Serinicoccus chungangensis
s__JAITBJ01 sp031288055
s__Mogibacterium sp949286985
s__UBA1732 sp902778895
s__JAIRTD01 sp031265635
s__JASGCE01 sp030054295
s__GCA-2690565 sp027620575
s__Pseudomonas_K linyingensis
s__UBA2912 sp024685315
s__Pelagibacter sp902608845
s__2-12-FULL-36-22 sp001771315
s__Anaeroplasma sp016288855
s__UBA9464 sp016871805
s__CAG-269 sp944390625
s__RGIG7107 sp017538895
s__Azonexus sp016790815
s__DYGB01 sp020724905
s__WRCD01 sp009784185
s__Phaeospirillum magneticum
s__Quinella sp946408105
s__QHVT01 sp946887105
s__CALFYA01 sp937952925
s__JAHIZV01 sp018814445
s__Mycobacterium sp002013465
s__SIG575 sp017445685
s__Flavobacterium sp024171645
s__Rhodoferax sp002842265
s__Marinobacter guineae
s__JAHEHQ01 sp024227135
s__JAIRKW01 sp031282125
s__Ventricola sp017547805
s__Arctic95D-9 sp937898895
s__JAFDHG01 sp019308925
s__UBA6145 sp018969935
s__Lacrimispora sp015057705
s__CAJWBT01 sp913020235
s__Caccovivens sp017466725
s__Rhodoferax_C sp002390825
s__Mediterraneibacter turbiniformis
s__SFMI01 sp902761825
s__JAAYYY01 sp012515125
s__JAFSXO01 sp030535355
s__Streptomyces catenulae
s__Hydrogenophaga sp005503365
s__Aureliella sp028289675
s__MFQB01 sp001784275
s__JAFGHQ01 sp016930035
s__Salegentibacter sp017579965
s__SXXA01 sp010027915
s__Caccenecus sp947623735
s__SLOW01 sp003566885
s__JALWWR01 sp026993045
s__UBA9145 sp029245905
s__Helicobacter_H sp949298825
s__JAGPIS01 sp018054835
s__Ruminococcus sp017397925
s__Streptomyces sp008042275
s__Cuneatibacter caecimuris
s__Blautia_A sp902803215
s__Mycobacterium vanbaalenii_A
s__HTCC2207 sp030741175
s__Caulobacter sp946482375
s__Billgrantia azerbaijanica
s__Lipingzhangella sp003725585
s__DSBX01 sp011049385
s__Aureliella sp934255105
s__Coproplasma sp021205485
s__SIG32 sp947624935
s__Protoclostridium sp017531795
s__AWTP1-13 sp008933705
s__Mycetohabitans sp020342435
s__JAENIX01 sp020056545
s__CAG-510 sp947632555
s__Microsaccharimonas sp009992235
s__Allorhizobium paknamense
s__JAIBBG01 sp947462725
s__JALQUL01 sp023260735
s__Limisalsivibrio acetivorans
s__Marinobacter sp913057975
s__Sunxiuqinia dokdonensis
s__Clostridium_H sp030913655
s__Limimorpha sp024400455
s__RUG14243 sp024698965
s__Proteiniphilum sp018433945
s__Lacinutrix sp026625145
s__Mycobacterium sp001673555
s__UBA5456 sp937960795
s__Ramlibacter sp028291745
s__Paludibacter sp030655595
s__JAIRRL01 sp031274335
s__CAIJZX01 sp903825245
s__Alistipes sp017935185
s__Sphingomonas donggukensis
s__Aquirhabdus sp030149815
s__UBA1217 sp017958525
s__Fuchsiella alkaliacetigena
s__XN24 sp011089885
s__JACNJF01 sp030066315
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017537745
s__Saccharobesus litoralis
s__Erythrobacter insulae
s__Stieleria sp007753675
s__Phorcysia thermohydrogeniphila
s__Streptosporangium sandarakinum
s__Catalinimonas alkaloidigena
s__Hominiventricola sp021203465
s__SXON01 sp947490345
s__Sulfurimicrobium sp028714955
s__JABDIY01 sp013003325
s__GCA-002704185 sp902517865
s__CATNEU01 sp950097605
s__Wujia sp017449765
s__Succinivibrio sp023460615
s__Mariprofundus sp030951025
s__Pontibacillus sp009858175
s__Gallionella sp030645535
s__Streptococcus sp030825825
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017617035
s__Flavicella sediminum
s__WQVL01 sp009785865
s__Nesterenkonia stercoripullorum
s__AG-363-J23 sp003280245
s__BB20 sp025800385
s__JAGLPU01 sp030594935
s__JAGOHU01 sp017995975
s__RUG572 sp946413265
s__JALORM01 sp025458985
s__Metabacillus sp031180405
s__Meridianimarinicoccus roseus
s__Emticicia aquatilis
s__JAIQFW01 sp020073105
s__UBA6170 sp002842045
s__Zoogloea sp018241725
s__Criblamydia sequanensis
s__UBA2834 sp017510835
s__Amylibacter sp024280735
s__JACPYG01 sp016196125
s__Moritella dasanensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902580535
s__DYPP01 sp020719845
s__UBA1062 sp029547185
s__JACRIL01 sp016235825
s__CAG-475 sp947628255
s__JAJQDJ01 sp021201315
s__Enterovibrio sp947041315
s__Chryseobacterium phosphatilyticum
s__UBA9627 sp001800605
s__JAADEQ01 sp027024155
s__GCA-2720865 sp913061265
s__G020351185 sp030635945
s__Roseomonas sp020991085
s__CAG-115 sp947625335
s__Flavobacterium viscosum
s__MGBC139354 sp947650795
s__UBA4096 sp002381945
s__UBA3282 sp014804655
s__JAUUZT01 sp030602865
s__Spyradenecus sp017457555
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881975
s__Flavobacterium fluviale
s__SFDP01 sp017439665
s__CALLVY01 sp937899855
s__JALZUV01 sp023301245
s__WTBX01 sp030949405
s__Phenylobacterium sp903928755
s__UBA12465 sp003056205
s__Caloramator_B sp026417075
s__Treponema_D sp024680155
s__Rubinisphaera sp027080405
s__UBA10649 sp016717115
s__JAQBXX01 sp030680605
s__Pseudomonas_B asuensis
s__Lientehia sp022792335
s__Streptococcus mitis_CX
s__Pelagibacter sp902623075
s__SZUA-186 sp020344335
s__JAAZMX01 sp022709795
s__Planktothrix serta
s__CALVLZ01 sp944341445
s__RYN-46 sp025464005
s__Faecousia sp017548065
s__Roseobacter sp025755255
s__Eubacterium_G sp017475235
s__Aliiroseovarius sp938023895
s__UBA10908 sp003542355
s__UBA2202 sp028698175
s__SKNI01 sp007120615
s__JACCQO01 sp015709205
s__Desulfobulbus sp009778235
s__Urechidicola sp023145595
s__Dokdonia sinensis
s__JADQBR01 sp016278515
s__Syntrophaceticus sp012839645
s__Cryobacterium algoritolerans
s__Rhodoluna sp024645175
s__DTU087 sp012735435
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp015655355
s__Allosphingosinicella sp934539295
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp030830415
s__JACRUB01 sp030775925
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018131065
s__WRGV01 sp031282235
s__Pelagibacter sp902572515
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003851685
s__Clostridium_AI polysaccharolyticum
s__UBA952 sp027490665
s__Williamsia sp023051145
s__UMGS687 sp944381245
s__Enterousia sp949298405
s__WGA-3G sp022821965
s__Lutimonas sp030617765
s__UBA1711 sp902791695
s__Saliniramus sp022241475
s__Avitreponema sp949299755
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019956555
s__Bact-11 sp001603505
s__SMYC01 sp004356105
s__CADBOM01 sp902796325
s__Borkfalkia sp949287815
s__Chryseobacterium sp030818695
s__UBA1753 sp016288495
s__F0058 sp031270065
s__SLM-1 sp024723735
s__Delta-02 sp002412715
s__JAIOYM01 sp947454145
s__Ensifer_A adhaerens_A
s__Persephonella sp027084095
s__LSCE01 sp020831885
s__HR10 sp002923315
s__SbD1 sp003165235
s__Albibacillus kandeliae
s__JAHHSR01 sp020025075
s__JAHIMV01 sp018896315
s__UBA6824 sp016176605
s__BNXB01 sp031272075
s__UBA1786 sp947303695
s__MEDG-81 sp902632605
s__WRMW01 sp009776955
s__UBA9382 sp003476595
s__JAJUHR01 sp029267795
s__JASJCA01 sp030065095
s__JALYTT01 sp030854145
s__Psychrobacter sp913061175
s__Lawsonibacter sp959022875
s__JAOTWJ01 sp029862925
s__Paenibacillus_L sp018403245
s__Acinetobacter tianfuensis
s__2-02-FULL-50-9b sp023246755
s__Devosia_A sp028290645
s__Marmoricola scoriae
s__Rubritalea sp937132085
s__JAHDSF01 sp018432935
s__JAFGRU01 sp016934985
s__CAG-269 sp947631225
s__JAITBJ01 sp031288355
s__Methylobacterium variabile
s__Avimonas sp012522615
s__UBA2942 sp017457865
s__Aureliella sp020426625
s__UBA1179 sp024398635
s__Cohnella sp024519285
s__32-111 sp002441125
s__Luteolibacter sp903837825
s__SIG299 sp937888895
s__OLB17 sp016703965
s__Cocleimonas sp026989335
s__Ottowia sp017997715
s__UBA8958 sp030057915
s__DTU015 sp012841065
s__JAKQWZ01 sp029561735
s__Thiovibrio sp937868185
s__JAHJCL01 sp030603245
s__Pristimantibacillus glycanilyticus_A
s__MarineAlpha5-Bin3 sp902567855
s__Coprousia sp944320725
s__JAAFIP01 sp013297865
s__CANMSA01 sp947500385
s__Bythopirellula polymerisocia
s__JAPYTK01 sp029941785
s__JAMDAY01 sp023484515
s__Streptomyces sp030010625
s__WRKP01 sp009783865
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BD
s__GCA-2704625 sp902571095
s__02-FULL-45-17b sp001819815
s__Trinickia fusca
s__Proteiniphilum sp927407015
s__CAG-590 sp905236365
s__Prolixibacter sp009617895
s__Colwellia sp913057925
s__Streptomyces sp019710745
s__JAPLSM01 sp026398635
s__Thalassomonas viridans
s__RGIG8048 sp947306975
s__JACJYS01 sp020635995
s__CADDYU01 sp902810705
s__Rufibacter radiotolerans
s__G958295935 sp958295935
s__GJ-E10 sp903871435
s__Bin94 sp021295835
s__Kordiimonas aestuarii
s__JAMLHN01 sp023957115
s__JAMXLF01 sp024281055
s__Palsa-1392 sp030856765
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp024644465
s__JACQKJ01 sp016204595
s__Thalassospira profundimaris_B
s__SLPE01 sp007132145
s__CAJCIW01 sp903970255
s__GCA-001735895 sp030595795
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AX
s__JAABQG01 sp011391155
s__JAKSBK01 sp022361155
s__Pelomicrobium sp026005015
s__Rufibacter sp016924645
s__DAIDHW01 sp027451865
s__Chthoniobacter sp021414005
s__RUG762 sp946186245
s__RUG14156 sp017475485
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp000017505
s__Croceibacterium segetis
s__Alectryocaccobium sp902795985
s__Pelagibacter sp902543405
s__SZUA-1497 sp015661985
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031265715
s__Roseinatronobacter sp020832445
s__Sphingopyxis sp947463325
s__CAG-793 sp947624185
s__Nocardioides sp013155365
s__JAUQPE01 sp030550515
s__Halomarinibacterium sedimenti
s__Curvibacter sp028649475
s__JAISFT01 sp031255815
s__Nitrosomonas sp009833125
s__Enterousia sp946628805
s__Rubrivivax sp016719535
s__Azonexus sp903930395
s__Actinotalea sp009996735
s__JABHDX01 sp937801655
s__Ochrobactrum sp900473915
s__UBA868 sp014239575
s__JAUXWC01 sp030685025
s__Rhizohabitans arisaemae
s__JAABRB01 sp023383795
s__JAAYHS01 sp012735315
s__TMED108 sp002712245
s__Puniceibacterium confluentis
s__Peptostreptococcus sp020025095
s__UBA9959 sp026388125
s__UBA9145 sp022821865
s__CAMNLO01 sp946543095
s__JAIROE01 sp031264395
s__ZCTH02-B6 sp937916565
s__Methylotenera oryzisoli
s__JASKZW01 sp030147425
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937990685
s__Kordiimonas sediminis
s__JACDHG01 sp013821195
s__JANXZO01 sp025355465
s__UBA8337 sp937907245
s__Halopseudomonas sp002979975
s__Gemmatimonas sp903894655
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029537485
s__Bulleidia sp946621045
s__Vibrio xiamenensis
s__Hymenobacter nivis_A
s__WRKP01 sp031257725
s__JAAVFS01 sp014800105
s__OMJI01 sp900299315
s__CANQVB01 sp947625395
s__Maricaulis sp017642925
s__WQYJ01 sp031261485
s__MED727 sp902573835
s__Phormidesmis sp000155595
s__Zavarzinia aquatilis
s__CANLAL01 sp947488045
s__BN30871 sp020721775
s__DAOWGJ01 sp029932545
s__JAJBUQ01 sp021201795
s__AG2 sp003222065
s__Prevotella sp946185285
s__JANKMV01 sp024650095
s__Novosphingobium sp017302775
s__Paludisphaera sp001610895
s__JAAZCB01 sp012513545
s__BN30871 sp002424475
s__PRDT01 sp003173995
s__Hydrogenophaga sp025458545
s__NP-7 sp005882445
s__Pseudomonas_E abietaniphila
s__Pseudomonas_B sp031085165
s__JABWCI01 sp028698305
s__Eubacterium_R sp015066525
s__Flagellimonas ruestringensis
s__Enterosoma sp934700375
s__UBA1067 sp017652705
s__Smithella sp002840555
s__Winogradskyella psychrotolerans_A
s__Comamonas sp028690035
s__NSF051 sp029379285
s__JAABSQ01 sp011390315
s__Synechococcus_C sp900474295
s__Alteromonas mangrovi
s__Baia sp900107305
s__RGIG9287 sp946535695
s__Cypionkella psychrotolerans
s__UBA3766 sp017538995
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279875
s__JABDDH01 sp013287705
s__Arthrobacter_D sp000520595
s__JANQJG01 sp028281785
s__CAG-269 sp946545015
s__JADGDF01 sp016745055
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp945947045
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947588835
s__Rhodoferax sp028688795
s__Mycobacterium sp029961025
s__JABFSH01 sp013140705
s__JANWYQ01 sp025055015
s__Aquisphaera giovannonii
s__Faecousia sp945482615
s__Salinicoccus hispanicus
s__Stutzerimonas sp013395055
s__Treponema_D sp024402665
s__JAJRZO01 sp024275215
s__Edaphobacter sp000688615
s__Staphylococcus taiwanensis
s__Limiplasma sp017881705
s__Akkermansia sp030523775
s__JACIXR01 sp014360465
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404685
s__J022 sp023382935
s__JACCYX01 sp013698495
s__Arthrobacter_D sp030147325
s__Monoglobus sp947625905
s__Rickettsia sp020404425
s__Luminiphilus sp902518075
s__2-12-FULL-35-23 sp001801465
s__UBA1177 sp017645765
s__JABDMM01 sp013001465
s__Hansschlegelia sp031316315
s__CALEJU01 sp937898755
s__XYA2-FULL-39-19 sp001800285
s__Mobilitalea sp023424995
s__JALVLD01 sp027033525
s__Pseudomonas_E sp025642975
s__UBA5070 sp020633825
s__Pseudomonas_B sp001512295
s__UBA6100 sp030652115
s__Miltoncostaea marina
s__Flavimaricola marinus
s__Treponema_D sp017617145
s__RUG626 sp947629755
s__Lysobacter sp001427225
s__FEN-1329 sp016220125
s__Caviibacterium pharyngocola
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp023665905
s__Limnobacter sp027484315
s__RBG-13-66-14 sp030631385
s__Streptomyces sp000719575
s__JAJCZP01 sp029262315
s__CAIJXB01 sp945898205
s__SOIV01 sp011049545
s__DAOVOJ01 sp030629775
s__WRMH01 sp009787625
s__JAHKAJ01 sp021735655
s__Acetatifactor sp017522685
s__UBA7477 sp947631995
s__GCA-2724215 sp028875345
s__CALFAC01 sp937927935
s__Desulfatibia_A sp030145595
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp011620595
s__Paenibacillus_AF hamazuiensis
s__Paenibacillus_S xerothermodurans
s__FEN-1191 sp030037905
s__UBA4427 sp016713665
s__Staphylococcus marylandisciuri
s__Acidimicrobium sp004366215
s__DT-14 sp937927525
s__Thermomonospora umbrina
s__Roseovarius amoyensis
s__Qipengyuania intermedia
s__Algoriphagus aquimarinus_A
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021813595
s__SIG299 sp015057585
s__Flavobacterium dankookense
s__Propionicimonas sp031272505
s__RSCCF101 sp008807075
s__JABEUT01 sp013285655
s__Fen-1137 sp003155465
s__JAAYYF01 sp012515535
s__UBA3076 sp003645605
s__Paramesorhizobium phragmitis
s__UBA6183 sp943323675
s__VXPQ01 sp951812345
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946616385
s__CAIXNZ01 sp016927685
s__SKMY01 sp007120815
s__Roseococcus sp004336745
s__UBA4417 sp903917425
s__CAINVI01 sp947465495
s__JAJRXC01 sp938091985
s__Constantimarinum furrinae
s__Cellvibrio sp001183545
s__RUG12519 sp902798695
s__JACPCL1 sp016210395
s__DSOT01 sp016202605
s__Desulfonatronum thiosulfatophilum
s__JAGLNE01 sp030636285
s__Marinimicrobium sp026153455
s__Streptomyces sp013364195
s__JAIEMG01 sp019752375
s__Azonexus sp031277255
s__UBA9547 sp014376535
s__Sinisalibacter aestuarii
s__CP2-2F sp017743585
s__Oceanihabitans sp947502495
s__JAHJRI01 sp029940215
s__JAFGBM01 sp016933155
s__JAJRTL01 sp024278315
s__SIG308 sp015057275
s__Rugamonas sp013284265
s__JABFXX01 sp016706545
s__UBA9339 sp031263085
s__Chryseobacterium taichungense
s__Vibrio zhanjiangensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902518595
s__Thermaurantiacus sp025056155
s__Polynucleobacter sp030295705
s__Streptomyces sp001687325
s__JALYHF01 sp030776745
s__UBA6898 sp020056455
s__Phenylobacterium glaciei
s__VFJN01 sp030852625
s__Rothia sp030530925
s__CAJXMH01 sp913056345
s__Psychrobium sp013214945
s__CAG-793 sp930980855
s__JAHFEI01 sp023248615
s__Flexifilum sp001567085
s__Bin5 sp011523365
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017612675
s__JALSRY01 sp026984555
s__Butyribacter sp002499945
s__JANQRQ01 sp028284485
s__Aromatoleum buckelii
s__Fimisoma sp945788655
s__JAHRAM01 sp020027305
s__UBA2991 sp022826585
s__Lachnotalea massiliensis
s__Ereboglobus luteus
s__SIG299 sp017938145
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280915
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404795
s__Burkholderia gladioli_A
s__Sphingopyxis sp023424275
s__DYGT01 sp020724555
s__Nocardioides sp029264225
s__T78 sp002305635
s__RFTU01 sp945878385
s__JAJRPT01 sp024280675
s__JACQPT01 sp016193365
s__Formivibrio sp031291275
s__G020353555 sp020353555
s__SYFN01 sp030158675
s__UBA6184 sp014896945
s__RF16 sp905233925
s__GCA-002733105 sp029210875
s__Castellaniella denitrificans
s__UBA2834 sp946537195
s__WLRQ01 sp017882705
s__Yeosuana aromativorans
s__Ruminococcus sp016283395
s__JAICND01 sp025929005
s__KMM-3653 sp018524345
s__Prevotella sp000619825
s__JAQSYQ01 sp029256015
s__Salegentibacter sp024635795
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp019752595
s__Marinicella sp030430025
s__Pararhizobium polonicum
s__JAFUXM01 sp937915755
s__WHTK01 sp009377745
s__GCA-2687715 sp002687715
s__Pelagibacter ubique_K
s__GCA-016699105 sp016699105
s__DAOUQR01 sp030625525
s__Brasilonema sp012912105
s__Caccosoma sp947627355
s__Ruminococcus sp017470905
s__JAAYDF01 sp012729395
s__Methylomonas sp000515215
s__JAIRTF01 sp031255075
s__Urbifossiella sp019747685
s__Helicobacter_C labetoulli
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902635795
s__Larkinella sp006149005
s__Kineothrix sp023408815
s__Acetatifactor sp934436245
s__CAG-557 sp934486635
s__JAISOR01 sp031275535
s__Scandinavium sp014156375
s__WRLO01 sp009777575
s__Ensifer adhaerens_D
s__Streptomyces albicerus
s__Izhakiella sp936920625
s__VXMF01 sp951813605
s__CAG-273 sp946495655
s__JADFPI01 sp022562395
s__Bog-366 sp030036915
s__CAINEC01 sp945872015
s__JAAYVH01 sp020722705
s__Hymenobacter sedentarius
s__JAIDVZ01 sp031257495
s__QHYA01 sp003223995
s__Aquimarina sp947500505
s__Microbacterium sp030816505
s__UBA2227 sp024709285
s__RUG11977 sp017960415
s__JAAFHG01 sp027486835
s__Bacteroides sp946056155
s__UMGS1668 sp017468365
s__JAGQNX01 sp020427865
s__Desulfomicrobium sp012727715
s__UBA997 sp030602985
s__RCIO01 sp004000235
s__JANLHZ01 sp024653775
s__Cellulomonas sp023401045
s__Acinetobacter larvae
s__CAG-273 sp934120135
s__SFFI01 sp030532065
s__Ventrenecus sp947630305
s__HXMU1420-2 sp951812615
s__Novosphingobium sp025359425
s__SG8-41 sp023266245
s__Roseiarcus sp004799435
s__JAISUZ01 sp031271785
s__Spirosoma arboris
s__CALBJU01 sp937893205
s__JANLFP01 sp029982615
s__UBA9087 sp030019215
s__G020345765 sp030616835
s__Planktophila sp002284895
s__Rodentibacter sp020521555
s__Anaerosolibacter sp029240175
s__Salinimicrobium sp946887025
s__WHTP01 sp022841625
s__JANQGL01 sp028277325
s__Denitrovibrio sp002869185
s__Pseudomonas_E argentinensis_B
s__CAG-590 sp910584695
s__Bacteroides sp947074345
s__Homoserinimonas aerilata
s__UBA6082 sp002428665
s__Microbacterium sp006715565
s__JAHFOQ01 sp023261595
s__JACQOY01 sp016207765
s__Parasphingopyxis lamellibrachiae
s__JALHYA01 sp022868165
s__Flagellimonas sp023502235
s__JAAUSG01 sp012034055
s__Pelagibacter sp902626725
s__Stenotrophomonas sp913778665
s__Shewanella atlantica
s__Sinisalibacter sp020441225
s__Sphaerisporangium corydalis
s__Sphingomicrobium sp011301715
s__SKKZ01 sp029210645
s__CACLCV01 sp913046125
s__Pseudolabrys sp021815055
s__AP-15 sp021324875
s__Brevibacillus choshinensis_A
s__Suilimivivens sp029226935
s__CAG-302 sp947630885
s__GCA-2746425 sp030758295
s__Pseudogemmobacter sp014879735
s__Streptococcus sp001810785
s__UBA2862 sp902778045
s__Thermoflavifilum thermophilum
s__Dyadobacter sp937880795
s__Ramlibacter sp028291885
s__Xenorhabdus sp015163665
s__JAFGMO01 sp016927475
s__Sodaliphilus sp017619935
s__Blautia sp944384185
s__GCA-002840015 sp002839995
s__Erysipelothrix larvae
s__JAUWWY01 sp030616605
s__JACMQW01 sp014376785
s__Pumilibacter sp947086925
s__UBA1368 sp012515055
s__UBA10103 sp007376385
s__Eubacterium_F sp947631505
s__Baekduia sp017084525
s__Geodermatophilus obscurus_A
s__RUG591 sp947629475
s__B1Sed10-231 sp003551305
s__Carboxylicivirga sp025499605
s__Alpha-05 sp002307145
s__1-14-0-10-46-36 sp030690215
s__JABMRA01 sp013202925
s__Salinisphaera halophila
s__JJ008 sp016868475
s__MT110 sp029239605
s__Flavobacterium azooxidireducens
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp027483465
s__GCF-000287335 sp000287335
s__Cohnella sp019400745
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023390955
s__Salaquimonas sp020441735
s__JAAHGY01 sp010672345
s__JAEURQ01 sp016788425
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus_F
s__BN30871 sp016937775
s__Neoroseomonas rosulenta
s__J032 sp026989935
s__Chryseobacterium sp000829375
s__Polynucleobacter sp903909925
s__RUG708 sp946541285
s__Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus_B
s__UBA3792 sp017448545
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403715
s__JADJPG01 sp016713365
s__JACRLW01 sp020848735
s__Aureimonas sp001463765
s__Akkermansia sp015062055
s__JAENXA01 sp031272965
s__Shewanella mangrovi
s__Acetatifactor sp017397645
s__UMGS1865 sp900769475
s__Nanosynbacter sp010202845
s__W0P28-013 sp029974315
s__Herpetosiphon llansteffanensis
s__Porcincola sp946401715
s__Vulcanococcus sp009926195
s__UBA965 sp016875555
s__Paenibacillus_E sedimenti
s__Anaerobutyricum sp902796045
s__Scatosoma sp017453165
s__Pseudanabaena sp006937785
s__UBA1847 sp028277265
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031271265
s__Litorimonas sp020628635
s__Psychromicrobium silvestre
s__JAQTOM01 sp028713345
s__Zeimonas sp023389055
s__Gehongia tenuis
s__JAJZMH01 sp027371845
s__Flavipsychrobacter soli
s__SLFX01 sp016938535
s__JACMRS01 sp014376345
s__Nitrospira_D sp002331335
s__Selenomonas_A sp017940705
s__Thiomicrospira cyclica
s__Brevundimonas sp029945885
s__B70-G9 sp012961745
s__Spirosoma fluviale
s__UMGS1585 sp944324855
s__JACRJZ01 sp016219875
s__RACS-045 sp014799645
s__Mucilaginibacter hurinus
s__JAUVVS01 sp030604545
s__Lepagella sp902491625
s__Polynucleobacter tropicus
s__CALREA01 sp943349045
s__Cryptobacteroides sp937898205
s__JAHFGT01 sp023247275
s__Runella slithyformis
s__SFMI01 sp934647235
s__JAAXHH01 sp951812955
s__Xylophilus sp001421705
s__Mycobacterium sp001426545
s__Pelethenecus sp947629825
s__Faecousia sp017577345
s__DTSJ01 sp012965445
s__Rubrobacter_D sp030863375
s__JALYIM01 sp030775785
s__Bog-877 sp030038765
s__JALZEG01 sp030862185
s__CALWAM01 sp947623855
s__JAKFUF01 sp021732845
s__JAHDCE01 sp020631355
s__Saccharofermentans sp024695505
s__Vagococcus_E entomophilus
s__Anadelfobacter sociabilis
s__Limnohabitans sp945899335
s__Tagaea sp020248985
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp012274205
s__Cohnella sp023391635
s__JAJYUU01 sp030052355
s__PNC22 sp024275365
s__JADZEK01 sp020850595
s__WRNX01 sp031286285
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944381935
s__JAERMQ01 sp016844745
s__Cyclobacterium plantarum
s__Allorhizobium selenitireducens_A
s__JAPWUV01 sp028275345
s__Promicromonospora umidemergens
s__Klebsiella sp902490055
s__JAFRXK01 sp017442865
s__Hyphomonas johnsonii
s__Azospirillum sp008365375
s__Mycobacterium komanii
s__Acidocella sp028687955
s__SIG32 sp015152455
s__JAGOEH01 sp017997825
s__Paludibacter sp028710415
s__Pelagibacter sp902545825
s__Psychroflexus salis
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp021737045
s__Schlegelella_A sp025350505
s__Paenibacillus sp900111565
s__Aureimonas populi
s__Nocardioides sp030149505
s__Duncaniella sp947178235
s__Eubacterium_R sp934512155
s__JAIMAL01 sp023511995
s__CAMDKS01 sp947494335
s__Bacteroides sp947074195
s__RZZS01 sp009929775
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp002162075
s__Cohnella thermotolerans
s__Puia sp003175695
s__UBA8108 sp002320775
s__FEN-1191 sp018241455
s__Spongiisocius sp011523395
s__UBA8639 sp013817135
s__Capnocytophaga sp030532915
s__Cellulomonas sp001424195
s__DAOVZS01 sp030633165
s__Selenomonas_B sp905234515
s__Rifleibacterium sp028691595
s__Thiodubiliella sp937950605
s__Alistipes sp015060075
s__Treponema_D sp024681195
s__Telluria sp003484545
s__Nesterenkonia populi
s__Lutibacter sp001800975
s__UBA7703 sp023399275
s__Hymenobacter sp025979885
s__GCA-2753745 sp020720365
s__SZUA-33 sp024276655
s__ATX-6F1 sp024345575
s__JAGCJX01 sp017546605
s__PWNV01 sp003551425
s__CABYIR01 sp902634765
s__Mesorhizobium sp015500075
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017616595
s__Megaera sp020048975
s__Pelagibacter sp902533945
s__SM23-30 sp001303695
s__Xenorhabdus eapokensis
s__WRFF01 sp009778945
s__SZUA-1433 sp016744895
s__W1033 sp030673735
s__CAKSQL01 sp934454035
s__Bartonella sp028618555
s__JAAUTN01 sp012033355
s__Pseudaminobacter soli_A
s__RPQJ01 sp026398785
s__CAMCTV01 sp947460525
s__Sphingomonas sp012650175
s__Pseudorhodobacter wandonensis
s__13-1-40CM-64-14 sp001917855
s__JAIBAE01 sp019695345
s__RGVT01 sp945897435
s__JAHCHG01 sp026129865
s__Flavobacterium fluvii
s__JAAVFS01 sp023666645
s__Geodermatophilus sabuli_A
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029240955
s__JAJZWH01 sp027365445
s__JACQZH01 sp016213925
s__Yoonia ponticola
s__Streptomyces sp023544665
s__DTU012 sp012521805
s__UBA4285 sp902775895
s__Roseovarius sp021775255
s__JAIBAM01 sp026648125
s__Sphingorhabdus_B pulchriflava
s__Mycobacterium sp005222675
s__Flavimaricola sp029255105
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BG
s__Nocardiopsis listeri
s__Paenibacillus_E plantarum
s__Nonlabens sp020630715
s__Bythopirellula sp013152515
s__JAHHTG01 sp944325295
s__Yoonia sp023263855
s__Arenimonas terrae
s__JABMQX01 sp013203085
s__Enterovibrio celer
s__Mt11 sp002398845
s__Anaeroplasma sp946626345
s__Schnuerera sp021655095
s__Prevotella sp937892695
s__Eubacterium_R sp002493595
s__Fibromonas sp009777135
s__Chloroherpeton thalassium
s__Collinsella sp900554905
s__JAUSHC01 sp030648795
s__JACPGU01 sp016188915
s__RYN-150 sp025966155
s__Cardinium hertigii_B
s__Natroniella sulfidigena
s__UBA6910 sp002451065
s__GCA-2704625 sp902613655
s__GCA-002704045 sp002703375
s__JAHWJX01 sp030446805
s__UBA1227 sp002314555
s__CAUJDY01 sp963169805
s__GCA-2711565 sp002711565
s__Collinsella sp958450865
s__NZ13-RE01 sp026417425
s__JAFGKT01 sp016928435
s__Desulfosarcina alkanivorans
s__Granulicatella sp937976325
s__PHOS-HE28 sp029573495
s__Aestuariicoccus halocola
s__Limnohabitans_A sp001269385
s__Paracrocinitomix sp030426825
s__WSZJ01 sp009773755
s__Hymenobacter sediminicola
s__Geodermatophilus sp004571065
s__JACQXL01 sp016208805
s__JANQSP01 sp028279085
s__Rhodocyclus purpureus
s__Leucothrix sp938004025
s__Hyphomonas sp945888325
s__Hathewaya histolytica
s__Fen-1137 sp003153875
s__RUG410 sp017475935
s__CAG-115 sp947631575
s__JAUYQP01 sp030697205
s__Aeromicrobium sp902506105
s__Halioglobus sp020443425
s__Lutimonas sp016744615
s__UBA8904 sp018436925
s__NK4A136 sp902793845
s__M55B143 sp018400055
s__Brevundimonas sp000335735
s__Pelagibacter sp902559305
s__Puia sp018267575
s__CAIYUC01 sp903929315
s__Pseudomonas_E viridiflava_D
s__JALHST01 sp022865355
s__Marmoricola sp025964795
s__Bradyrhizobium sp019972155
s__Limivicinus sp017403885
s__Pontimonas sp018666065
s__JAJYPN01 sp027311185
s__Sulfitobacter sp947497275
s__Bradyrhizobium sp028290305
s__Acetatifactor sp947630715
s__Algibacter pacificus
s__Rhodoferax_C sp021737875
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017437905
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_J
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_C
s__WJMS01 sp014727815
s__Vibrio maerlii
s__Actinomarina sp902526825
s__Planktophila sp947496345
s__JACDBR01 sp021496505
s__ZC4RG30 sp015655465
s__JAHFKE01 sp023245515
s__UBA3830 sp015062335
s__Aestuariivirga sp023266715
s__CAG-115 sp947630655
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp027080345
s__Dyella_C tabacisoli
s__UBA1413 sp002428215
s__Trichormus subtropicus
s__JAGLDR01 sp023145475
s__Allorhizobium sonneratiae
s__JADJXE01 sp016716005
s__DSXH01 sp020059785
s__JALOLF01 sp025456085
s__MS024-2A sp029246125
s__C7867-001 sp016194455
s__JAGUZX01 sp020060545
s__G020353355 sp020353355
s__JAAWPK01 sp947584805
s__CALKHP01 sp937988775
s__Bilophila sp029011315
s__PHBI01 sp002841945
s__Granulicella cerasi
s__JAHZMA01 sp022599575
s__Hymenobacter sp030853845
s__Pseudomonas_E sp021650705
s__JALYMU01 sp030773595
s__Paramuribaculum sp947178565
s__Defluviilinea sp020723805
s__Asanoa iriomotensis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp001590795
s__Psychromonas aquimarina
s__Faecalimicrobium sp937907205
s__Arachnia oleiagri
s__UBA1712 sp018064805
s__Neobacillus sp005154805
s__Paludisphaera sp937907405
s__MFBF01 sp001774865
s__PALSA-600 sp017882605
s__DYGX01 sp020725705
s__JAGDVO01 sp023269715
s__Amycolatopsis_D aidingensis
s__Hymenobacter piscis
s__Pseudoalteromonas arctica_A
s__CACECR01 sp902558105
s__WRMG01 sp009777255
s__Carboxylicivirga sediminis
s__Chitinolyticbacter albus
s__CALDGQ01 sp937941765
s__B16-G9 sp003650425
s__JAAWPK01 sp947624655
s__Psychrobium sp013214965
s__Aquabacterium sp004297345
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903881065
s__WLXB01 sp943787205
s__SIG438 sp934489915
s__PALSA-747 sp903916775
s__RCIO01 sp017644005
s__Enterenecus sp944385465
s__JAFGXW01 sp000753575
s__JAOAFX01 sp026416055
s__CAJOIG01 sp947631215
s__UMGS1696 sp015063745
s__Nocardioides sp025964835
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902612235
s__UBA1177 sp902780365
s__UBA2336 sp019638235
s__Streptomyces niger
s__Marininema mesophilum
s__Paenibacillus_AA sp029239545
s__Paracoccus sp934533075
s__Actinomycetospora sp012933465
s__UBA2868 sp024693925
s__CG2-30-58-95 sp022865905
s__Pullilachnospira_A sp945946605
s__Cypionkella sp023255415
s__Neobacillus citreus
s__JAGQMS01 sp020428535
s__Adhaeribacter aquaticus
s__JAJDTQ01 sp022827045
s__CABUVL01 sp031278975
s__GCA-002700125 sp902620405
s__Aquabacter cavernae
s__BACL14 sp030827595
s__JAIRKW01 sp031274495
s__XBB2008 sp937916415
s__RUG12519 sp946411985
s__UBA6186 sp903822055
s__DRQN01 sp026999335
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_U
s__OLB19 sp002299465
s__UBA5216 sp005800795
s__Mailhella sp947631555
s__Pseudothioglobus sp028345955
s__ELB16-189 sp023251155
s__UBA963 sp021741765
s__Thermodesulfobacterium sp021163085
s__JADHOZ01 sp016778745
s__RUG11272 sp946538975
s__CAG-1252 sp017455605
s__SLLG01 sp007134215
s__UBA636 sp017539025
s__JACRIG01 sp016215715
s__Granulicella_C pectinivorans
s__JACNJL01 sp014382585
s__Tissierella sp023388495
s__Prevotella sp021204565
s__AG2 sp021154325
s__Kordiimonas pumila
s__Spirillospora algeriensis
s__JAHFUQ01 sp023265045
s__Desulfobacter curvatus
s__CAKZQX01 sp937141995
s__Limimorpha sp017460915
s__Yaniella excrementavium
s__Falsirhodobacter sp029846755
s__JAJPJO01 sp021324135
s__JAAYBR01 sp029554925
s__Clostridium sp023427705
s__Streptomyces boluensis
s__Scatacola_A sp949298065
s__CAKQSC01 sp934271725
s__UBA636 sp002314515
s__Spirillospora sp004349245
s__CAG-115 sp017829075
s__Lentzea sp030269365
s__Curtobacterium sp003752025
s__JACCZJ01 sp013813125
s__Spirillospora mexicana
s__UBA963 sp009699665
s__JAUJOE01 sp030447805
s__M0103 sp903928365
s__Arsenicicoccus sp001189535
s__Pseudoalteromonas piratica
s__Liberibacter ctenarytainae
s__Mucilaginibacter robiniae
s__MAG-120802 sp016870365
s__Emergencia sp902476665
s__Tullyiplasma seiffertii
s__Leucobacter komagatae
s__Planktomarina sp913047725
s__CAMYOP01 sp947260045
s__Bulleidia sp009929095
s__Nostoc sp020829445
s__JACXVD01 sp020446665
s__Maricaulis salignorans
s__UBA4085 sp026393855
s__Desulfobacillus sp016703785
s__Paenibacillus sp022369515
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288315
s__Desulfobulbus sp946539945
s__UBA7703 sp012517905
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp947627215
s__UBA3900 sp012519465
s__Shewanella livingstonensis
s__JAFMDF01 sp023300255
s__Cytophaga sp021151805
s__JACYMC01 sp015272195
s__Microbacterium lushaniae
s__UBA3077 sp027080755
s__VAYN01 sp018268695
s__Flavobacterium sp018413465
s__Leucobacter sp020439035
s__UBA4592 sp947499275
s__Marinobacter salexigens_A
s__Fen-549 sp017882615
s__XYB2-FULL-45-11 sp903831335
s__UBA4417 sp016707705
s__GWA1-54-10 sp016176685
s__Ga0077527 sp021732805
s__Haliscomenobacter sp027486765
s__Sphingomonas sp030854075
s__M3007 sp013298845
s__VGCF01 sp947461445
s__RF16 sp947167395
s__Methylobacterium sp947444195
s__Waterburya sp002368355
s__Eubacterium_R sp015065505
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031273885
s__Dehalogenimonas formicexedens
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp022772585
s__Rhabdothermincola sediminis
s__Marinobacter mobilis
s__Ferrovibrio sp023434425
s__Peribacillus sp001866725
s__Neorhizobium terrae
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017511925
s__Pseudonocardia bannensis
s__Arsukibacterium perlucidum
s__Sphaerochaeta sp016342655
s__SIG307 sp017556805
s__VGSZ01 sp023248635
s__JAFLBE01 sp017303995
s__Peptostreptococcus sp900240845
s__RGIG4607 sp029227155
s__Fictibacillus nanhaiensis_D
s__JAGOUB01 sp018061525
s__Saccharimonas sp013333845
s__Microbacterium arabinogalactanolyticum
s__Collinsella sp018380195
s__JAJZWH01 sp027357065
s__Nitrospira_A sp009594995
s__Sphingomonas sp902506605
s__Bact-19 sp937899245
s__Permianibacter sp946480585
s__Caccenecus sp947388575
s__Onthenecus sp023402355
s__Pelagibacter sp902597215
s__RBG-16-57-11 sp020724505
s__Chlorobium sp903838095
s__Paramuribaculum sp947629175
s__Pseudonocardia sp025965585
s__Syntrophus sp002067745
s__JAUHXS01 sp030426955
s__Eubacterium_I sp021204765
s__JAJFTT01 sp021372785
s__Pseudonocardia sp021245725
s__BOG-930 sp903839965
s__UBA9904 sp003513845
s__Thiomargarita nelsonii_A
s__JANQRB01 sp028284775
s__Saccharopolyspora aridisoli
s__Epulopiscium_D sp002007365
s__UBA7185 sp945949655
s__UBA1450 sp027624795
s__JAAYBB01 sp012719075
s__JALENY01 sp028692975
s__UBA2385 sp013152105
s__JAJFLJ01 sp021772755
s__CAG-273 sp022797635
s__Silvanigrella rubra
s__Acidoferrum sp030838075
s__JAEZKC01 sp023436205
s__Sulfurovum sp024637255
s__Qipengyuania spongiae
s__WRGA01 sp009787405
s__Lysobacter_B sp027306995
s__Onthoplasma sp949293915
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947168885
s__Rhodoferax_C sp019449595
s__JABDGH01 sp021272315
s__JAOZTL01 sp029942205
s__DUMJ01 sp026418035
s__Psychrobium sp013214905
s__Sphingomonas sp001650735
s__Flavobacterium sp003963025
s__CALXSV01 sp944391235
s__JAITSR01 sp031287655
s__JAAYMJ01 sp012521455
s__Choladousia sp947628045
s__RUG11977 sp024699645
s__Huintestinicola sp017829005
s__Sporosarcina sp017498505
s__Epulopiscium_B sp001995005
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903861575
s__JAHDHI01 sp947494205
s__JALQTG01 sp023264075
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp016763475
s__Parasynechococcus sp020514115
s__JAIFWN01 sp028286465
s__JAMJFX01 sp023544865
s__SYFY01 sp030428905
s__UBA7236 sp029571985
s__Pedobacter namyangjuensis
s__Granulicella sapmiensis
s__NK4A144 sp017444545
s__Thermophilibacter sp002159535
s__CAG-196 sp949298985
s__Paenibacillus_G oleatilyticus
s__Mitsuaria aquatilis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017545525
s__Gelidibacter salicanalis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp013332955
s__Vescimonas sp017619715
s__VGMB01 sp026398435
s__STD1-84 sp028715395
s__Modestobacter sp019112525
s__Allorhizobium aggregata
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp017302635
s__JAFECT01 sp018241995
s__Gillisia sp016649785
s__Butyrivibrio sp017620235
s__AAA536-G10 sp902589185
s__JAJRUK01 sp024277835
s__Galactobacter sp031277795
s__RGIG1681 sp948434855
s__Gordonia sp013348785
s__RGIG4465 sp017469545
s__CAG-269 sp944393325
s__Salinibacter sp003022565
s__JAUWYH01 sp030615975
s__Kangiella sp013373015
s__W3P20-009 sp024401365
s__RGIG1995 sp015065455
s__JAAYBT01 sp023411645
s__JAKQTR01 sp026393675
s__Sideroxyarcus sp024636935
s__Arthrobacter sp023264815
s__WQYJ01 sp009780915
s__Granulosicoccus sp947492525
s__Collinsella sp902497025
s__Saccharimonas sp938042065
s__Streptomyces sp029968095
s__UBA10103 sp028286865
s__Chitinophaga sp017745275
s__Paracoccus tegillarcae
s__Ezakiella sp943913045
s__UBA710 sp947041065
s__UMGS1613 sp934130235
s__Arthrobacter sp006715305
s__WTJY01 sp011524645
s__Microlunatus_B parietis
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp023428085
s__Limivicinus sp902773255
s__Riemerella columbina_A
s__Bosea sp021732895
s__Spongiibacter marinus_A
s__S012-109 sp026981935
s__Eubacterium_R sp905234995
s__Sphingomonas sp000382485
s__CALUXS01 sp949293265
s__Cypionkella antarctica_C
s__Lepagella sp902471455
s__Blastococcus sp025965715
s__S012-15 sp027052175
s__JAFUXM01 sp017445405
s__RGIG5705 sp017515345
s__Pelagibacter sp902556285
s__JAICLA01 sp025935035
s__GWA1-54-10 sp028864875
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060205
s__CAG-605 sp944371435
s__JAGOQP01 sp017991375
s__UBA2868 sp030523345
s__Gimesia sp020426085
s__JANXUR01 sp025356095
s__CALHKP01 sp938034165
s__Ferdinandcohnia onubensis
s__Marinisoma sp905182795
s__ANT-B6 sp001683905
s__UMGS124 sp902464015
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947166275
s__SYDM01 sp905620505
s__Geobacter sp027327745
s__Promicromonospora sukumoe_B
s__Octadecabacter ascidiaceicola
s__JACKHO01 sp020426425
s__UBA3282 sp022510525
s__Ferruginibacter sp030655145
s__Gallionella sp030645775
s__JAPKCZ01 sp028822745
s__CAG-196 sp905236775
s__Pedobacter sp026239735
s__Oceanobacillus senegalensis
s__JAHDGW01 sp937942465
s__Sphingomonas faeni_B
s__JAIPGF01 sp021736285
s__Erythrobacter longus
s__IMCC34051 sp947503175
s__Flavobacterium nackdongense
s__JABGQH01 sp030638845
s__JADFYE01 sp015233115
s__Streptococcus mitis_C
s__Pseudactinotalea terrae
s__Telluria norwichensis
s__JACREK01 sp016218275
s__CAJXUB01 sp913061125
s__Fluviicola sp002432565
s__Vitreimonas sp023410295
s__RPQJ01 sp003819815
s__WYBJ01 sp020848435
s__JALTDM01 sp026996635
s__UBA710 sp030154525
s__Deferrimicrobium sp019429245
s__Sulfurospirillum_A sp026987955
s__UBA3254 sp903890885
s__GWC2-42-12 sp030650415
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288185
s__Tenacibaculum holothuriorum
s__Luminiphilus sp902547755
s__JAHDCZ01 sp020630555
s__Polaribacter_A sp947497755
s__Nitrosococcus wardiae
s__Acetatifactor sp947581905
s__CAG-170 sp016297855
s__UBA7662 sp002483345
s__Paenibacillus tundrae_A
s__UWMA-0277 sp905479165
s__QYPT01 sp025355665
s__JAHEBN01 sp024645245
s__RUG521 sp017405675
s__JACCYK01 sp013696525
s__JAAZPT01 sp012797085
s__RGIG3701 sp030535245
s__JAFGUF01 sp016938675
s__JACQZG01 sp016207885
s__JAAYJK01 sp016841245
s__JAHIKV01 sp030611515
s__JACZVB01 sp022572865
s__PNKL01 sp023249375
s__Fimenecus sp017503135
s__UBA2730 sp947643225
s__Leifsonia_A sp001422325
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp016177575
s__UB1719 sp024408505
s__PFL42 sp022866145
s__JAPHRK01 sp026196105
s__UBA9659 sp913043075
s__Kaistella sp019104935
s__UBA1388 sp002305355
s__Vibrio sp026000435
s__Microbacterium sp011046485
s__Azonexus sp013363835
s__RGIG1864 sp937914775
s__Lactobacillus sp905214545
s__JAAKFI01 sp011065125
s__RGIG3091 sp017435255
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514765
s__JANQNU01 sp028279405
s__Flavobacterium sp025717045
s__CFX8 sp003577355
s__OmCyn01 sp007996965
s__Flavobacterium solisilvae
s__Microbacterium sp018613995
s__Palsa-1392 sp013695925
s__JAIQFV01 sp020072965
s__LJUQ01 sp001304505
s__Telluribacter sp017355915
s__Lentihominibacter sp021769545
s__Sulfurimonas sp015663215
s__Tabrizicola sp026400325
s__Lacrimispora sp002367105
s__Flemingibacterium sp017482055
s__WRNG01 sp009784845
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902544345
s__CAJOIG01 sp947629245
s__JAITHV01 sp031279835
s__JACCXF01 sp013697295
s__Leptothoe ectocarpi
s__2-12-FULL-41-20 sp001801575
s__B33-G16 sp015223015
s__M50B103 sp030596185
s__RUG13583 sp946414435
s__JAIRKH01 sp031259035
s__GWA2-47-8 sp001805375
s__UMGS1071 sp944384835
s__Curtobacterium sp022815645
s__JAEUWI01 sp016791475
s__Campylobacter_B sp938031315
s__Sphingomonas sp023386515
s__Actinotalea soli
s__Aestuariivirga litoralis
s__JAEYWL01 sp023428915
s__Scatosoma sp017501125
s__JACKAJ01 sp020635135
s__CAMZLP01 sp947311535
s__Moryella sp030644385
s__FEN-1350 sp012517095
s__GCA-2753565 sp015232865
s__JAUPTZ01 sp030917105
s__Saccharicenans sp014360005
s__Lepagella sp022509185
s__Halioglobus sp004745945
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002386445
s__Diaminobutyricimonas sp015655445
s__WHTL01 sp009377735
s__SKNL01 sp007693825
s__JAIRVZ01 sp031253625
s__UBA1046 sp012838475
s__SZUA-191 sp003230535
s__JACRNP01 sp016234845
s__Arcticimaribacter sp943788165
s__JACQFI01 sp016200135
s__UBA6448 sp015059375
s__JAGVJT01 sp947470005
s__CAG-433 sp948687865
s__Neobacillus_A terrae
s__UBA12465 sp012800315
s__JAEZHK01 sp937934775
s__CAMYKD01 sp947258885
s__Palsa-739 sp003161615
s__Ga0074139 sp027320785
s__Streptomyces lienomycini
s__Chitinophaga ginsengisoli
s__Pseudoduganella namucuonensis
s__Arthrobacter sp018613675
s__0-14-3-00-62-12 sp022843465
s__JAOZPA01 sp029932985
s__2-01-FULL-56-20 sp001818655
s__JAUVHW01 sp030593075
s__UBA2868 sp017620345
s__JAADHD01 sp013152075
s__RUG440 sp017652285
s__Acinetobacter sp029267635
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023074075
s__UMGS1663 sp944386655
s__RUG591 sp017472015
s__UMGS1865 sp947302045
s__JAAEUB01 sp026997055
s__55-13 sp023423495
s__UBA4572 sp027366615
s__Catenovulum agarivorans
s__Streptomyces reniochalinae
s__Nocardioides_B sp946885725
s__JALGTV01 sp030607655
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003525045
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans_C
s__Villigracilis sp016789305
s__Shewanella olleyana
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp021155965
s__Enterovibrio kaedaensis
s__Gallispira sp947627425
s__CALVUN01 sp944363595
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp027486895
s__MFTL01 sp001786825
s__JASLZO01 sp030754805
s__Bradyrhizobium paxllaeri
s__Sphingopyxis sp004795895
s__Caproiciproducens sp023391275
s__UBA2284 sp937868795
s__UBA11869 sp913041115
s__UBA5893 sp002308915
s__CAIXWQ01 sp903923175
s__UBA4248 sp946415045
s__Georgfuchsia toluolica
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp011389605
s__Phenylobacterium sp030654915
s__RUG14300 sp017463565
s__CAMCXT01 sp945883545
s__GRL18 sp016744375
s__PR03 sp018262315
s__JASBSR01 sp030148865
s__Salinivibrio kushneri_A
s__Bog-375 sp003157745
s__CFX2 sp903904765
s__Eubacterium_G sp902766735
s__DUPG01 sp012838425
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947455215
s__JAAZVD01 sp030830105
s__JAQBRD01 sp028286665
s__SCMT01 sp946480825
s__Pelagibacter sp014653535
s__Nitrospira_D sp024331125
s__Xenobium occultum
s__PALSA-1336 sp023245895
s__Cyanobacterium sp003566215
s__Acidocella sp029077775
s__CAADGU01 sp023382655
s__JAIRNR01 sp031274555
s__Roseimaritima sediminicola
s__Rhizobium sp012641435
s__JACCRK01 sp013813565
s__UBA3478 sp913060705
s__J040 sp003696505
s__Coprovivens sp017411235
s__Nitrosomonas marina
s__UBA11873 sp030639105
s__Alistipes sp017546975
s__JAGOUK01 sp020058965
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp025141835
s__Streptomonospora salina
s__Suilimivivens sp947172705
s__CAINDI01 sp022072455
s__JAKQHY01 sp029555965
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_C
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016651305
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_K
s__JAICHO01 sp025924835
s__JAUNBG01 sp030539035
s__UBA7672 sp016714495
s__S016-97 sp027039485
s__RGIG7193 sp944380185
s__RPPU01 sp003819975
s__Aquella sp030917485
s__Edaphocola helvus
s__Myxacorys almedinensis
s__UBA6024 sp003450125
s__Sphingomonas_L sanxanigenens_A
s__JANQEY01 sp028278125
s__JABAAT01 sp014238615
s__JAAUTG01 sp937959095
s__CASICS01 sp902522825
s__JAFGOY01 sp016926255
s__Palsa-187 sp021324615
s__SIG205 sp015059335
s__JAFADI01 sp023424965
s__Propionicimonas sp031272825
s__Thermotomaculum sp026986725
s__Sulfitobacter sp024636425
s__JAGQNK01 sp029557815
s__UMGS1623 sp902492045
s__Cellulomonas_A cellasea_A
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp004570315
s__JALOAF01 sp022705745
s__Liquorilactobacillus uvarum
s__Proteiniphilum sp023399295
s__CAKTFW01 sp019421975
s__Marinobacter_A fonticola
s__RGIG8773 sp947627905
s__RGIG3102 sp015067145
s__AE-B3A sp030610725
s__GCA-002841655 sp937983635
s__JAMDCX01 sp021828925
s__FEN-1320 sp003142795
s__Puia sp003167015
s__RGIG3102 sp020024155
s__Halobacteriovorax sp002366565
s__Kryptonium kryptomonas
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp009699565
s__W589 sp020342155
s__UBA636 sp018064825
s__Metabacillus_B sp000732485
s__Sideroxyarcus lithotrophicus_A
s__Cyanobium sp903858015
s__CANLBD01 sp947488215
s__WFXV01 sp027023345
s__Ureibacillus fusiformis_A
s__SpSt-205 sp026414975
s__UBA12077 sp002869305
s__Pseudonocardia sp030451825
s__Flavobacterium sp943325355
s__JANELJ01 sp027076245
s__Butyrivibrio sp024690635
s__Bacillus_BA abyssalis
s__DRVG01 sp026419455
s__SKW42 sp026415535
s__GCA-2707495 sp950060715
s__JACPGQ01 sp030698775
s__UBA2463 sp016868255
s__Vannielia sp017792405
s__JAUWCL01 sp030609325
s__Maribacter thermophilus
s__CAJKWP01 sp937992055
s__JAAYTX01 sp012523635
s__Onthousia sp946486465
s__Microbacterium sp000967865
s__CALLYK01 sp937858365
s__JAFGQA01 sp016935885
s__Allocoprobacillus halotolerans
s__GCA-2686065 sp002686065
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216275
s__DAOUZD01 sp030605045
s__Lautropia sp030523825
s__JABDGV01 sp013285825
s__Streptomyces fodineus
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp013333515
s__Psychroserpens sp002162685
s__Chelativorans_C intermedius
s__Avelusimicrobium sp949297775
s__UBA8401 sp030824295
s__Jannaschia sp025141175
s__AC-32 sp005884155
s__Stammera capleta_F
s__UBA1740 sp017462545
s__JALNZU01 sp021287165
s__C7867-001 sp017991635
s__CAG-302 sp934098435
s__CAG-533 sp902783345
s__S144-51 sp027014115
s__GCA-2704625 sp902578115
s__HDS-28 sp947258555
s__Aristaeella sp017470145
s__Chlorobaculum sp903901395
s__JAHDVP01 sp023384575
s__JAISGC01 sp031288835
s__Paramaledivibacter caminithermalis
s__Pseudohongiella sp945869725
s__Chryseobacterium pennipullorum
s__WLND01 sp945877545
s__Geotalea toluenoxydans
s__RUG563 sp905234985
s__JAHEZR01 sp023251005
s__JAJFLU01 sp021772555
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp003987855
s__Marinicella rhabdoformis
s__PWMO01 sp007693325
s__Variovorax sp900099805
s__Duncaniella sp023664185
s__Sediminihaliea albiluteola
s__Persephonella sp026987075
s__PWIP01 sp007130415
s__REBA01 sp013297765
s__JAHEFU01 sp020440605
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017511865
s__Paracoccus fontiphilus
s__UBA8363 sp015228815
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902596585
s__CALBPI01 sp937899415
s__MedAcidi-G1 sp030748555
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002338065
s__Sulfurovum sp015490315
s__QAKR01 sp003343705
s__Heliorestis acidaminivorans
s__RGIG1927 sp017440585
s__Aquimarina sediminis
s__WYBT01 sp016795325
s__UBA952 sp005798205
s__Thermophilibacter sp012027725
s__CALKWS01 sp938004115
s__Fen-549 sp003170155
s__JABDQZ01 sp937926265
s__JAQTMD01 sp026387435
s__Serratia nevei_A
s__Parvibaculum sp031291615
s__Gallionella sp001801055
s__Trebonia sp027314595
s__Agromyces cerinus
s__Sporofaciens sp947647815
s__Cellulomonas sp030362835
s__UBA7377 sp002171155
s__JAPHQX01 sp029879605
s__JAJCYE01 sp029263035
s__Rufibacter immobilis
s__WQVX01 sp009785615
s__2-01-FULL-49-17 sp001795695
s__Bin55 sp026706935
s__Mailhella sp017411945
s__JAAEQC01 sp030592025
s__Planotetraspora silvatica
s__SYIB01 sp030054235
s__Streptomyces actuosus_A
s__JAGQHQ01 sp020431705
s__UMGS1668 sp017473745
s__Bythopirellula sp013152205
s__Sphingomicrobium sp025981625
s__Vicinibacter sp016715965
s__WLRQ01 sp024641605
s__RGIG2774 sp017427315
s__Prevotella melaninogenica_C
s__Pollutimonas subterranea
s__WRDE01 sp009783605
s__Edaphobacter sp000421065
s__JAJDES01 sp029259675
s__Ornithinibacter sp937907685
s__RUG11198 sp949285775
s__Roseobacter sp947496515
s__Leifsonia shinshuensis
s__UBA1711 sp902775135
s__B51-G9 sp029939815
s__UBA4636 sp017616695
s__JAATFS01 sp015655035
s__UBA10138 sp937929825
s__Mycobacterium rhodesiae_A
s__Caulobacter sp937900395
s__UBA3766 sp024684055
s__Mucilaginibacter yixingensis
s__JALSVQ01 sp027073495
s__Pullibacteroides sp949291555
s__Nocardia acididurans
s__JACRFN01 sp016217875
s__Planctomonas psychrotolerans
s__DRQN01 sp913009875
s__Desulfatiglans sp900498135
s__Ferrovibrio sp029255545
s__Chromohalobacter sarecensis
s__Paracoccus xiamenensis
s__GMQP-bins7 sp026002995
s__JAFGPD01 sp016926185
s__WQYJ01 sp031266665
s__Rhodopila sp003164305
s__VLJP01 sp007829525
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_U
s__Amylibacter sp959347345
s__34-128 sp018894595
s__JADGAV01 sp015231825
s__Peptoniphilus_A sp029983555
s__Ruminococcus_E sp019415925
s__Ramlibacter sp023390985
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902768955
s__Bordetella_A sp019218885
s__UBA11872 sp022821645
s__WG-1 sp000222855
s__Gallimonas sp017621735
s__JAKLHP01 sp022710085
s__JAMWDI01 sp023818785
s__JAEZOG01 sp023421795
s__Ventrenecus sp944364655
s__Rhodopila sp025352375
s__JAIPJX01 sp021733945
s__Chryseobacterium sp001424105
s__BD2-11 sp022826025
s__UBA6249 sp026387265
s__Novosphingobium sp938005655
s__JAMCZK01 sp025808555
s__JAGQLO01 sp020429185
s__Flavitalea sp023437225
s__Nitrosophilus alvini
s__CALKAL01 sp937983065
s__JACPSA01 sp016193545
s__Nesterenkonia sp947494195
s__CALCZU01 sp937903155
s__UBA647 sp023136725
s__JABMPE01 sp013203845
s__Shewanella canadensis
s__PCC-6304 sp025370755
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A crocodyli
s__JAOADN01 sp026417295
s__UBA3830 sp902790255
s__Arthrobacter_D sp017875735
s__UBA2903 sp024407875
s__SXYR01 sp947489175
s__RUG11130 sp934446485
s__Pullibacteroides sp014803485
s__Mucilaginibacter gossypiicola
s__Microbacter jiangxiensis
s__Kushneria avicenniae
s__Pseudidiomarina sp946885915
s__Scybalousia sp029007685
s__JAKPAM01 sp029779435
s__Streptosporangium brasiliense
s__Evtepia viridis
s__Thermaurantiacus sp029268145
s__UBA9973 sp031291825
s__JACKIH01 sp020425485
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212035
s__Glaesserella indolica_A
s__CAG-632 sp945946715
s__UBA6345 sp937911885
s__Thioglobus_A sp028599055
s__J124 sp003694355
s__Actinoplanes aksuensis
s__WQXQ01 sp031281025
s__Gemmatirosa kalamazoonensis
s__Streptococcus sp001578875
s__Clostridium_Z hydrogeniformans
s__JAJDAF01 sp029261995
s__Limimorpha sp029983675
s__JAADCZ01 sp026985565
s__Mucilaginibacter xinganensis_A
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_A
s__VEXF01 sp009391275
s__UBA5578 sp947624915
s__CAJOIG01 sp021200935
s__UBA6055 sp022826865
s__PTKV01 sp002937895
s__JAAYOS01 sp012521525
s__CAG-273 sp944393405
s__CADCBS01 sp902773475
s__JAABTL01 sp011390735
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025463565
s__JAUQOX01 sp030550695
s__1-19 sp002837195
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016650815
s__JAGLBA01 sp018260475
s__Eudoraea sp947258925
s__Streptomyces sp030499535
s__BOKV01 sp020441795
s__Porcincola sp946618155
s__JAKPMW01 sp031283155
s__Moraxella nasovis
s__Pseudomonas_E baetica_A
s__CAG-475 sp002308155
s__JAQWAN01 sp028707655
s__Edaphobacter sp015655585
s__JAQGMV01 sp028292065
s__SIG644 sp017507985
s__Chryseobacterium wanjuense
s__Arthrobacter_B gandavensis_A
s__JAHEGP01 sp030618705
s__CAG-465 sp017534305
s__Anaerolinea sp029975055
s__CAG-267 sp017964705
s__DUOH01 sp012838955
s__JAKJGV01 sp022704185
s__Pararheinheimera sp017302255
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902564235
s__Rhodopila sp009765975
s__UBA6955 sp002716405
s__DUTS01 sp012841935
s__Kangiella taiwanensis
s__JADLDV01 sp020846455
s__CABHON01 sp902168255
s__JAGQKQ01 sp020430005
s__Streptomyces sp000818195
s__S010-17 sp027065775
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AY
s__JADGAU01 sp015231865
s__Chlorobium_A sp028280025
s__Sulfuritalea sp012026675
s__Bacteroides helcogenes
s__Arthrobacter sp021789175
s__UBA5619 sp903903205
s__Sulfuritalea sp017302275
s__Gaetbulibacter saemankumensis
s__UBA9611 sp913031095
s__Treponema_D sp030540405
s__JANQRA01 sp028285585
s__UBA3775 sp029010495
s__DRKV01 sp024763355
s__AQU-03 sp025354985
s__Comamonas fluminis
s__Limivicinus sp902761635
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937997515
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp029201445
s__JAKJEP01 sp022705365
s__RUG14891 sp947589725
s__JAGGTU01 sp021163545
s__CF-39 sp027310565
s__Ferrimonas balearica_B
s__Lysobacter_C luteus
s__JALYVT01 sp030853105
s__Parvularcula maris
s__Allorhizobium sp003248775
s__CACBGS01 sp902538855
s__Gp6-AA40 sp016184455
s__JASEGS01 sp030017995
s__Oryzomicrobium sp021287045
s__Clavibacter sp030816895
s__UBA6918 sp002327405
s__JAJNBA01 sp030862755
s__UMGS1696 sp015064355
s__JAEUHH01 sp030432615
s__IMCC26134_A sp030604905
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944325965
s__Allosphingosinicella sp023390415
s__JANXVY01 sp025351425
s__GCA-020344395 sp030591625
s__Pseudomonas_E fulva_D
s__GCA-2690565 sp029248665
s__Hymenobacter sp018613725
s__UBA4466 sp029252405
s__JAGHCC01 sp021160685
s__NORP316 sp016763565
s__Peterkaempfera bronchialis
s__Geoanaerobacter pelophilus
s__IMCC26134_A sp027485045
s__CALCKU01 sp937965735
s__Methylotenera sp029946165
s__Chthoniobacter sp028293645
s__Rossellomorea arthrocnemi
s__Methylotenera_A sp025360485
s__Sulfurovum zhangzhouensis
s__WRBK01 sp009784575
s__UBA1367 sp905235165
s__Novosphingobium sp027490345
s__UBA2918 sp016284115
s__Algisphaera sp023300125
s__UBA10030 sp003453835
s__Erythrobacter sp002842925
s__JABWBP01 sp011526015
s__Xanthobacter autotrophicus_D
s__CAIZMI01 sp030647555
s__JAFGNR01 sp016926915
s__AAA300-D14 sp002710745
s__Ruminococcus sp017935865
s__WFRI01 sp015486615
s__SG8-38 sp947259605
s__Photobacterium sp014349205
s__Limnocylindrus frankliniae
s__TMED54 sp902524215
s__MED727 sp902580115
s__Pseudomonas_E graminis_D
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp002423025
s__JAGLCW01 sp023146045
s__Noviherbaspirillum_A pedocola
s__OLB17 sp018060305
s__Arsenicibacter sp945952095
s__Pelagibacter sp902634485
s__JAIMAT01 sp029961055
s__Pandoraea oxalativorans
s__RAAP-2 sp025362585
s__Demequina salsinemoris
s__JADYXR01 sp019746975
s__Dysosmobacter sp015068025
s__Aeromicrobium sp023254755
s__JAHJQV01 sp018819105
s__Siculibacillus lacustris
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp017557715
s__Rhodanobacter sp014842975
s__BACL27 sp013204455
s__JAENVV01 sp016650365
s__JACQIJ01 sp025451095
s__Flavobacterium sp002422095
s__Prevotella sp902775075
s__Collinsella sp018365375
s__JASLDG01 sp030146045
s__UMGS755 sp015068615
s__Brevundimonas sp013912005
s__B1SED10-16 sp007135795
s__Pseudaminobacter arsenicus
s__Acidovorax sp018780365
s__JAFLUQ01 sp947589005
s__Microbacterium sp947632095
s__MS8 sp937141935
s__Rhizobium sp900471485
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_G
s__CAIXRL01 sp020847735
s__UBA4459 sp002389465
s__Demequina sediminis
s__JAUYMQ01 sp030698575
s__UBA636 sp029101345
s__UBA5158 sp903970525
s__RUG11977 sp017964055
s__JACADV01 sp013388425
s__Nostoc sp026127265
s__UBA1724 sp024405215
s__Schleiferilactobacillus shenzhenensis
s__Halalkalibacter deserti
s__QWPN01 sp021300535
s__Bythopirellula sp029259975
s__JAFGRS01 sp016935045
s__Methylobacter_C sp903903365
s__JAICUY01 sp025935615
s__Aliidiomarina sp000218785
s__DTSJ01 sp938082445
s__WRDA01 sp009783675
s__Sphingomonas cannabina
s__Edaphocola flava
s__Niastella populi
s__JAJYGM01 sp021785095
s__W11650 sp003858485
s__Occallatibacter sp003140705
s__UMGS1696 sp934462885
s__UBA2475 sp029945625
s__Pelagibaculum spongiae
s__Butyrivibrio sp022486625
s__Undibacterium piscinae
s__BPIH01 sp026004015
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp000621865
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius_G
s__Azospirillum sp003116095
s__CALLPQ01 sp938015425
s__Caulobacter sp030645575
s__Ga0077523 sp963205165
s__JAMPXD01 sp023701365
s__Avedoeria danica
s__JAEZYS01 sp023418925
s__Faecousia sp017936985
s__Scatosoma sp017457345
s__JANYEO01 sp025363025
s__GCA-2705445 sp029268385
s__UBA1573 sp003245575
s__Prevotella sp946185225
s__Methylobacterium nodulans
s__Microbacterium sp030407505
s__Eubacterium_C sp024690665
s__JAAUSV01 sp012032525
s__JAFGXT01 sp016936495
s__Roseibium sp947496995
s__Pedobacter rhizosphaerae
s__JAIROO01 sp031264185
s__SIG655 sp015064925
s__ARS1013 sp030641585
s__Telluria mucilaginosa
s__Marinifilum sp025210415
s__Erythrobacter sp947488755
s__JAHEME01 sp024643825
s__Puia sp003135585
s__Flavobacterium sp020911885
s__Paramuribaculum sp014801735
s__Halomonas sp947501415
s__WRMH01 sp009785345
s__CAMDBI01 sp945889005
s__RBG-13-51-18 sp016926705
s__Mucilaginibacter boryungensis
s__Paracoccus sp937873615
s__JAGQZY01 sp030424715
s__JANXWU01 sp025350985
s__AC2028 sp024681775
s__Athalassotoga sp020722015
s__Palsa-343 sp027315385
s__Gallimonas sp947627665
s__Bacteroides_H sp031258135
s__CATQHW01 sp028818385
s__JACRLF01 sp016234955
s__JAHEFT01 sp029287515
s__DAOWII01 sp030640985
s__JAHKKL01 sp020027635
s__Pseudolabrys sp945870035
s__Mailhella sp944324575
s__Mycobacterium numidiamassiliense
s__JAHJVF01 sp016873845
s__UMGS1279 sp015065925
s__Archangium_A sp030681645
s__Salimicrobium flavidum
s__Granulosicoccus sp023301795
s__JAGGXZ01 sp021162805
s__CAG-267 sp017465945
s__TMED25 sp913030915
s__Segetibacter sp002050375
s__Paenibacillus_I sambharensis
s__Leisingera sp001679925
s__Actinomycetospora sp902805495
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944381325
s__Demequina gelatinilytica
s__JACKEH01 sp937982655
s__Spiroplasma_A tabanidicola
s__Firm-09 sp028699795
s__Prevotella sp934217675
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp030427635
s__Succinivibrio sp937880335
s__Lactobacillus kimbladii_B
s__Winogradskyella sp913055905
s__CAISCU01 sp947462865
s__B30-G6 sp024639645
s__Vibrio fluminensis
s__JADHWO01 sp016783445
s__PCC-6304 sp025370875
s__JAJCYK01 sp029262935
s__JAJUGR01 sp029265905
s__Desertihabitans aurantiacus
s__JAFGSN01 sp016934575
s__Confluentibacter sp018883545
s__JAHBXR01 sp019636335
s__Sulfurimicrobium sp030690835
s__Desulfamplus sp015231395
s__SM23-28-2 sp001303545
s__JAJFGX01 sp021775895
s__UBA2093 sp009703055
s__Caldora sp010692635
s__JACPKF01 sp016187125
s__Pedobacter nutrimenti
s__Butyrivibrio sp017634825
s__GCA-2725915 sp002725915
s__SLFE01 sp007124415
s__Lawsonibacter sp020025425
s__UBA5232 sp937899155
s__JAITHW01 sp031257135
s__CAMBDS01 sp945865405
s__GCA-002708145 sp002712125
s__Erythrobacter sp029623755
s__JAQBZT01 sp027622355
s__Radiobacillus deserti
s__DYHW01 sp020723965
s__JAEZZT01 sp023418435
s__WLJO01 sp017853685
s__DTU049 sp001603615
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900475325
s__JANQPX01 sp028285265
s__GSB9 sp022749295
s__MAG-120531 sp023260435
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063505
s__Comamonas sp019355935
s__F23-B02 sp002314685
s__JAIRKI01 sp031269245
s__JAAWPK01 sp947629765
s__GM7GCV1 sp030830945
s__JALEPO01 sp020860985
s__Limosilactobacillus secaliphilus
s__GN02-873 sp013332525
s__Siphonobacter sp913775095
s__OFTM321 sp029260195
s__SG8-30 sp018261655
s__UBA4717 sp017646005
s__CALFEN01 sp937950065
s__Hanamia sp028876495
s__Protoclostridium sp949292715
s__JAIYDQ01 sp026692865
s__JAIETI01 sp019745365
s__Alloprevotella sp017425985
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp020073465
s__Brevundimonas pishanensis
s__Dysosmobacter sp934563745
s__JANQIO01 sp028282105
s__JAFKFP01 sp017308185
s__RUG626 sp016286595
s__C7867-001 sp027311385
s__Savagea sp030147435
s__Paenibacillus_Z sp900110075
s__RGIG1439 sp017413675
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp026785795
s__MS024-2A sp029249225
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688155
s__Enterousia sp902781465
s__QYOJ01 sp007280875
s__JACQGT01 sp019637685
s__Caccenecus sp948543905
s__MED-G13 sp902526075
s__Schlegelella_A koreensis
s__JAQBXX01 sp027624315
s__DAOVDO01 sp030669525
s__JAISJH01 sp031278415
s__Brevibacterium sp016892625
s__JABDGZ01 sp015233375
s__Streptomyces albospinus
s__Parasegetibacter sp946482545
s__ETH-SRB1 sp019314185
s__Roseiarcus sp903932535
s__UBA1234 sp002404755
s__Pontixanthobacter rizhaonensis
s__B3-G11 sp004356175
s__F23-D06 sp017525245
s__VFKB01 sp013287215
s__UBA4823 sp002402275
s__MS024-2A sp902512755
s__JAFGOE01 sp016926625
s__RUG13091 sp905236715
s__Enterousia sp017937735
s__JAISAW01 sp031266515
s__Streptomyces phaeolivaceus
s__Agromyces protaetiae_A
s__Sediminibacterium soli
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp014377675
s__JALONM01 sp025454925
s__JALWOP01 sp027083445
s__Pseudoalteromonas shioyasakiensis_B
s__Stammera capleta_I
s__JAJFBM01 sp020697135
s__Desulfosporosinus orientis
s__UBA4592 sp945861775
s__Nitratiruptor sp027068245
s__Winogradskyella sp913061495
s__Mesorhizobium waimense
s__Paenibacillus_B sp021223605
s__MVQL01 sp028696455
s__JACIWP01 sp028275445
s__JAISAF01 sp031280945
s__Lysobacter_H sp030431185
s__QYQG01 sp007280375
s__CAJXLF01 sp913055805
s__Rubrivivax sp016191995
s__Pseudalkalibacillus sp030643805
s__UBA1547 sp937872185
s__UBA2834 sp020626475
s__Oribacterium sp938030845
s__UBA8316 sp902584445
s__JAGRGG01 sp020445645
s__Faecalibacterium sp934525325
s__CAADGU01 sp014584575
s__UBA6168 sp011321935
s__Frateuria_A flava
s__PRUG sp002075085
s__JABDFW01 sp013285915
s__Thermoanaerobacter sp012840485
s__SXKJ01 sp016872645
s__Fulvivirga kasyanovii
s__JADJMO01 sp016709545
s__Microvirga arabica
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp002733485
s__CADCUY01 sp029257185
s__UBA1829 sp900760615
s__Aminobacter sp027568395
s__JASUTA01 sp030445805
s__JAJDTQ01 sp026710965
s__Roseovarius litorisediminis
s__Luteimonas_D marina
s__RGIG2893 sp017443405
s__SIG200 sp947626125
s__UBA1179 sp002310175
s__SZUA-5 sp020442775
s__Avelusimicrobium sp905235355
s__Ruegeria sp001238295
s__Aeromicrobium ginsengisoli
s__JAKSDE01 sp022360235
s__Rhodanobacter sp028871555
s__RGIG1828 sp015068985
s__JAKLIV01 sp022709405
s__Propionispira arboris
s__Desulfarculus baarsii
s__Falsiroseomonas bella
s__RGIG7193 sp947650845
s__RUG11690 sp905233625
s__SCSY01 sp009773185
s__SFMI01 sp017464225
s__Shinella fusca
s__JAAZIO01 sp012800805
s__Rhodoferax sp010365055
s__Hyphococcus sp030433215
s__ER46 sp003054705
s__Methylobacterium aquaticum
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp018400355
s__Calothrix_A sp030066045
s__Sphingomonas sp013416555
s__Treponema_D sp016286365
s__Microbacterium hatanonis
s__Telluria aromaticivorans
s__PWNM01 sp003557825
s__DSDU01 sp011056835
s__Brevundimonas sp023428785
s__JACZWZ01 sp022571885
s__GCA-002050365 sp002050355
s__Cybelea sp019240525
s__JAHRAH01 sp020027345
s__Archangium violaceum_B
s__Aquimarina agarivorans
s__Parashewanella tropica
s__Pukyongiella litopenaei
s__Chitinilyticum litopenaei
s__Acetitomaculum ruminis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947304075
s__B3-G11 sp003648875
s__Allosphingosinicella sp946886275
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp016875195
s__Limnobacter sp029866125
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp022775385
s__Prevotella sp934230965
s__GCA-2729495 sp030426355
s__Onthocola_B sp947628445
s__CAG-873 sp030524765
s__RF16 sp017556705
s__UBA4096 sp947461145
s__UBA6857 sp017452785
s__Solimonas marina
s__Epibacterium litoralis
s__BOG-1370 sp003165355
s__UBA2029 sp027494015
s__B21-G9 sp003641545
s__PFL25 sp020349245
s__RUG521 sp017405785
s__Susulua stagnicola
s__Rhodoferax sp018882485
s__Palsa-461 sp027315045
s__Pseudorhodoferax sp001422405
s__CAKZLL01 sp937125475
s__UBA7455 sp029246605
s__MSPOR6 sp022394755
s__UBA3920 sp023621995
s__JAHEIK01 sp029259775
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937989845
s__DUZB01 sp013349725
s__Pseudomonas_E citri
s__UBA1219 sp017443265
s__Enterousia sp902798205
s__HRBIN16 sp026003175
s__Cyanobium sp945878795
s__JAGOSA01 sp017992485
s__JACQQM01 sp016207025
s__Merdivicinus sp944386445
s__Pelagibacter sp902594235
s__AG-337-I02 sp902539825
s__CAG-273 sp947623615
s__FW300-bin19 sp937864375
s__Sulfurospirillum sp021206415
s__CAIWKO01 sp903858655
s__RUG591 sp947630865
s__UBA1189 sp017517925
s__SYAC01 sp903914045
s__Pontivivens_A ytuae
s__SZUA-370 sp002839315
s__Coprosoma sp944358665
s__JAISYX01 sp031269595
s__SG8-41 sp016183675
s__Bin5 sp958295915
s__JABSOG01 sp013216025
s__Gallimonas sp944372575
s__CAG-452 sp947630255
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum
s__Arcticimaribacter sp011526285
s__GCA-016699975 sp016699385
s__Sphingomonas aerophila
s__Pseudidiomarina sp002279005
s__Flavobacterium sp016787805
s__Herbaspirillum sp015654605
s__Maridesulfovibrio sp004923195
s__Eubacterium_B sp902776725
s__JALYKU01 sp030774595
s__Winogradskyella wichelsiae
s__Aureliella helgolandensis
s__UBA5420 sp002409455
s__Streptomyces fuscigenes
s__Alkalibacillus haloalkaliphilus
s__Thermogemmatispora sp019683755
s__JAISKP01 sp031260885
s__Ga0077527 sp947465215
s__Frankia sp023716945
s__Collinsella sp958405195
s__Collinsella sp958407085
s__UBA2256 sp023421875
s__Mycobacterium kyorinense_A
s__Caulobacter sp013181195
s__Rodentibacter myodis
s__VFJQ01 sp009885995
s__Prosthecobacter sp003453085
s__Parasedimentitalea marina
s__RUG11867 sp902797415
s__Sanguibacter keddieii
s__AG-337-I02 sp902605135
s__JAFGVK01 sp016938035
s__CAMBWO01 sp945897655
s__Gilliamella apicola_L
s__Propionicimonas sp009778535
s__UBA4416 sp025362395
s__XYD2-FULL-41-16 sp030650655
s__JAFGEH01 sp016931665
s__Sphingobacterium sp021442025
s__Nostoc sp003326205
s__JAIRMB01 sp031282565
s__Nitrosomonas sp024281995
s__JACRGQ01 sp023248495
s__UBA1738 sp934501535
s__Yaniella halotolerans
s__F23-B02 sp030529825
s__Nitrohelix sp029261475
s__Gallimonas sp944367045
s__PALSA-1355 sp016200205
s__Streptococcus sp934216185
s__CAITJF01 sp023259015
s__JALHOS01 sp022842905
s__Tropicimonas isoalkanivorans
s__Dysosmobacter sp947577075
s__HGM11416 sp017399665
s__Treponema_D sp017940005
s__Phosphitispora sp016841325
s__UBA5004 sp001004085
s__Aquiluna sp002478545
s__UBA1740 sp949282345
s__UBA3792 sp016286445
s__Aristaeella sp017509255
s__JAILHT01 sp024692885
s__Salibacterium qingdaonense
s__Streptococcus mitis_BP
s__UBA2475 sp025360565
s__Palsa-739 sp028876365
s__UBA11654 sp029979325
s__UM-FILTER-40-9 sp002791215
s__JAAUQL01 sp030426345
s__JABJGI01 sp018662305
s__Smithella sp021372815
s__DAIEGU01 sp027356065
s__Nanosyncoccus sp024697865
s__Inquilinus sp916619195
s__VMCP01 sp945860565
s__DUEN01 sp024277095
s__Tardiphaga sp008329525
s__Mobilitalea sp023414355
s__JAUVPY01 sp030598425
s__Collinsella sp019413955
s__Alteromonas_F sp017368475
s__OLB17 sp002483395
s__JAQVDB01 sp028698525
s__Luminiphilus sp003523185
s__Paramuribaculum sp022511125
s__CACNYO01 sp902604535
s__CALAGB01 sp937891245
s__Arenimonas sp024642445
s__DP-3 sp005879585
s__Nesterenkonia muleiensis
s__Galbibacter sp013391805
s__14-2 sp948665105
s__RUG099 sp017469325
s__JAHDCT01 sp937923605
s__PFEE01 sp024653645
s__Paracholeplasma sp927433595
s__Pelagibacter sp902552755
s__Dyella_B acidisoli
s__JAEUSE01 sp016788805
s__JAEUHH01 sp020440025
s__Enteromonas sp946622925
s__Shewanella sp014163735
s__Saccharococcus sp000632515
s__RGIG1668 sp017390645
s__Jiangella sp900105175
s__UBA11524 sp017938695
s__Polaribacter sp028336245
s__Deinococcus_A pimensis
s__DYEY01 sp020725465
s__Amphibacillus sp018919165
s__JALTLI01 sp027005635
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403755
s__Ruminococcus sp947627275
s__Luteirhabdus sp025384855
s__WRAV01 sp009780025
s__DG-23 sp001302825
s__Ferrovum sp021794775
s__WRAB01 sp009780435
s__RUG14156 sp934675695
s__UBA1328 sp029936155
s__SXXZ01 sp029865985
s__Variovorax sp003984645
s__Tuberibacillus calidus
s__JABDFU01 sp013286655
s__Sphingopyxis sp005502465
s__RGIG1601 sp017417585
s__JALVDO01 sp027008975
s__Polymorphobacter_A sp937871645
s__NIES-981 sp007694915
s__Brevibacterium album
s__Zwartia sp937952975
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385165
s__Rudaea sp018240565
s__JAAYQR01 sp012519205
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946185745
s__RAAP-2 sp021805305
s__GWA2-66-18 sp028869495
s__Desulfovibrio_Q ferrophilus
s__Corynebacterium kalinowskii
s__JAAWPK01 sp022793905
s__Streptomyces sp020873895
s__Maribacter_C sp947503005
s__Casp-actino8 sp014190215
s__JAADID01 sp013151505
s__DAIDKT01 sp027449905
s__S016-97 sp027007615
s__Leptospira_A perdikensis
s__CALFIE01 sp937876095
s__Pontibacter amylolyticus
s__UBA1550 sp030649835
s__UBA2475 sp030054095
s__Villigracilis sp016789205
s__Campylobacter_B sp938017705
s__SXYR01 sp021299955
s__RGIG9670 sp024695405
s__UBA1732 sp902774245
s__Salinibacter sp018609755
s__DTKD01 sp012522575
s__Nocardioides mangrovi
s__Nanosyncoccus sp905372495
s__Prochlorococcus marinus_C
s__Streptomyces malachitofuscus
s__Atribacter laminatus
s__Alistipes sp017501625
s__GLO-3 sp003354135
s__UBA822 sp022564055
s__PWHW01 sp003559635
s__Coraliomargarita_A parva
s__Sulfurimicrobium lacus
s__PSRF01 sp013811945
s__JAJPJC01 sp021324445
s__AG-337-I02 sp902622475
s__Enterobacter mori_A
s__Desulfonatronovibrio hydrogenovorans
s__GCA-2737125 sp002737125
s__Lachnobacterium sp900113385
s__DRKS01 sp011051655
s__Paraburkholderia haematera
s__CAISCU01 sp027487625
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp021413595
s__Levilactobacillus lindianensis
s__UBA9973 sp016199805
s__WRKJ01 sp009778135
s__Caulobacter sp017745235
s__Ilyomonas sp023440945
s__JADZAI01 sp020852655
s__Gp6-AA45 sp025463215
s__Pseudolabrys mobilis
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp027068835
s__HUN007 sp015066815
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicacearum_E
s__Pelagibacter sp905612505
s__RGIG4131 sp015066785
s__Komagataeibacter xylinus_C
s__Brevundimonas sp023436945
s__Epilithonimonas mollis
s__Deinococcus_C cellulosilyticus
s__Choladousia sp902783665
s__JAIRPC01 sp031277015
s__JACOMT01 sp014623385
s__JAIBJP01 sp020029625
s__Pseudothermotoga_A sp011057685
s__Yoonia sp947496535
s__JAAXHF01 sp012271025
s__Solibacillus cecembensis
s__Ferruginibacter sp025350645
s__Limiplasma sp017547285
s__QWQI01 sp945874095
s__Epilithonimonas sp002345565
s__SUG1186 sp030526515
s__Aquabacterium sp913773725
s__Eubacterium_G sp947624875
s__JALOKP01 sp025456425
s__FEN-1191 sp025350055
s__PCC-6304 sp011390515
s__Devosia_A sp030680995
s__Nocardia albiluteola
s__JAAEPD01 sp024222455
s__Nocardia transvalensis_A
s__Schwartzia sp024691625
s__Clostridium_N fimetarium
s__BMS3Abin05 sp013151735
s__JAJFMC01 sp021772365
s__HGM04593 sp017516885
s__Hyphomonas sp003486945
s__SLAA01 sp020201015
s__Kapaibacterium sp018266735
s__Saccharofermentans sp937876985
s__Nitrotoga sp013168275
s__Propionicimonas sp023425145
s__CAJWER01 sp030740335
s__CAZU01 sp017470165
s__CAMBTO01 sp945878555
s__Sedimenticola sp026197195
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A cricetuli
s__GCA-2400775 sp002400775
s__Advenella sp023389155
s__UBA4096 sp027487515
s__JASBSV01 sp030148745
s__Thalassospira sp002709775
s__JACRDR01 sp016212845
s__JAKBEU01 sp026395455
s__SICD01 sp023246725
s__Streptococcus sp902480035
s__Thalassotalea_G sp014898095
s__JACQVT01 sp016209665
s__Lacunisphaera sp900104925
s__WGA-3G sp007571305
s__Cyanobium sp015840715
s__Bifidobacterium sp029395435
s__WHTF01 sp009379725
s__JAIOTG01 sp021106995
s__JAIRPC01 sp031256875
s__Microbacterium sp029777095
s__Labilithrix sp028287035
s__Bulleidia sp946537255
s__SHXR01 sp009693235
s__CALLVA01 sp938010655
s__UBA10348 sp030833605
s__UBA1511 sp002323535
s__Paenibacillus polysaccharolyticus_A
s__UBA5829 sp021373255
s__RUG11257 sp018064305
s__Sporolactobacillus spathodeae
s__Pelethomonas sp014799845
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp028284585
s__Aquifex sp013154375
s__JAHDXW01 sp937983405
s__GCA-2401635 sp030950985
s__Mesonia phycicola
s__UBA6821 sp947487385
s__JAAYUB01 sp029565065
s__JAISDE01 sp031265035
s__Aurantibacter_A sp003232435
s__Streptococcus sp027659245
s__UBA710 sp947039385
s__UBA8515 sp028865035
s__Paenibacillus_A sp031199965
s__Phocaeicola sp949289295
s__Gandjariella thermophila
s__Psychromarinibacter sp013184805
s__Methylovulum sp028713595
s__B39-G9 sp015222055
s__CAMCXT01 sp947459155
s__GCA-2708415 sp021775995
s__Friedmanniella_A kandeliicorticis
s__Mycobacterium sp016462945
s__VAYN01 sp018268415
s__AG-422-B15 sp902569395
s__CAG-273 sp902496295
s__Enteromonas sp934725985
s__QY30 sp002440945
s__JAEZGD01 sp023417165
s__Vulcanococcus sp023115425
s__Andeanibacterium colombiense
s__Streptomyces cirratus
s__RGIG3077 sp017435565
s__GCA-2731375 sp029937535
s__SHZT01 sp016209985
s__IDS-52 sp028280525
s__Photobacterium sp947039005
s__Dysosmobacter sp948435975
s__JAGOLR01 sp017993955
s__Streptomyces aurantiogriseus
s__M0103 sp021300505
s__UBA8958 sp003451635
s__CALURL01 sp949286405
s__Sphingomonas_B sp002291855
s__JAHDHU01 sp020631135
s__JAFAYA01 sp019240635
s__JANWVB01 sp025057695
s__JAAYYY01 sp025929715
s__UBA10151 sp023380995
s__JAFGDQ01 sp016932015
s__28-YEA-48 sp028290125
s__Aromatoleum diolicum
s__UBA3006 sp021741795
s__BNUH01 sp031255415
s__Elarobacter pasteuri
s__UBA2912 sp946184675
s__JANQOC01 sp028279265
s__UBA4124 sp020850295
s__UBA4465 sp002691385
s__CAMLLW01 sp946481295
s__UBA2402 sp018242605
s__Brevinema andersonii
s__UBA10364 sp030829675
s__WRJK01 sp009782285
s__JABFXX01 sp016720595
s__Microbacterium oleivorans_B
s__RUG12834 sp946613765
s__RUG762 sp946182865
s__Ancillula sp031273495
s__Collinsella sp947507155
s__UBA4285 sp022769005
s__CAG-793 sp947623725
s__Hymenobacter caeli
s__UBA2029 sp023382715
s__JAEZHK01 sp023416655
s__DSGC01 sp023512135
s__BS750m-G15 sp016783715
s__Eubacterium_F sp947644305
s__Roseburia sp947627165
s__Falsiroseomonas selenitidurans
s__Dokdonella sp029561145
s__Pseudonocardia alaniniphila
s__B1 sp947449515
s__Janthinobacterium lividum_F
s__Methylopila sp000526315
s__JAPTWQ01 sp028064945
s__CAG-303 sp012520815
s__UMGS1994 sp947625895
s__Brevundimonas subvibrioides_D
s__Anaeroplasma sp017454375
s__Epilithonimonas sp017989575
s__JADJKB01 sp016706225
s__UBA7707 sp023458355
s__Eubacterium_R sp947627725
s__JAAXHH01 sp026702745
s__Sva-07 sp019090765
s__Arcticibacter pallidicorallinus
s__CAKSEI01 sp022793655
s__UBA2334 sp937868695
s__QIAJ01 sp003152795
s__Flavobacterium sp014378065
s__2-01-FULL-45-11 sp001803465
s__UBA9973 sp000994705
s__JAFGEP01 sp016931535
s__Rhodococcus sp025837095
s__BNVB01 sp025997795
s__JASJDC01 sp030065235
s__Mesobacillus_A harenae
s__ELB16-189 sp018267285
s__RGIG3102 sp015067215
s__JAALKW01 sp009995425
s__UBA3537 sp002698705
s__UBA966 sp027488415
s__CANJRL01 sp947476675
s__Actinoplanes sp030009775
s__Dysgonomonas sp016652235
s__Niabella soli
s__WGNE01 sp016124645
s__JAHFJB01 sp023246135
s__UBA9973 sp903895055
s__Pedobacter sp018492665
s__SYAC01 sp021414025
s__CAIVHB01 sp903867885
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017625725
s__Collinsella sp902489965
s__JAAYHV01 sp012744355
s__Sulfurimonas sp021648285
s__Alteromonas sp030547075
s__JAISCI01 sp031265685
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903903635
s__JAFUXM01 sp937915835
s__Nitrospirillum sp000333275
s__QVMG01 sp029504695
s__JAICMB01 sp025929455
s__SZUA-37 sp027070385
s__JAITXK01 sp025999115
s__JAEYPN01 sp023410715
s__Paracaedibacter sp019459505
s__Firm-04 sp017545185
s__Specibacter sp002929305
s__Microbacterium sp947489255
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BE
s__GCA-2690645 sp002690645
s__Leptospira_A idonii
s__JAAYJG01 sp012522505
s__JAKLEA01 sp022711755
s__GCA-2722105 sp029936885
s__GCA-2718845 sp913041905
s__Gallionella sp030700315
s__MED-G09 sp905182015
s__OLB17 sp023436495
s__Pseudomonas_E sp007993865
s__Photobacterium sp947039875
s__Collinsella sp902465115
s__QWOP01 sp945860405
s__JACCVL01 sp030855835
s__Novosphingobium flavum
s__JALXEW01 sp027069285
s__JACRGQ01 sp016217735
s__Hominimerdicola sp934476685
s__JANWYO01 sp025055215
s__Campylobacter_D sp900772495
s__JAKFVC01 sp945861445
s__Alteromonas antoniana
s__CAG-115 sp945833805
s__Pontibacter sp026278245
s__Roseburia_B sp947385255
s__Merdicola sp948469315
s__Tyzzerella sp944381435
s__Pseudoroseomonas sp030063475
s__SYGV01 sp005799365
s__UBA953 sp024638885
s__G030657355 sp030657355
s__Aquariibacter albus
s__VMFT01 sp007376195
s__JAADED01 sp027008965
s__Lichenihabitans flavocetrariae
s__UBA11524 sp017399225
s__Pelethenecus sp947177025
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp944384655
s__Jonesia quinghaiensis
s__JAGQPF01 sp020426845
s__DUPH01 sp017999015
s__RCIZ01 sp026400435
s__Pelagibacter sp902579985
s__Embleya hyalina
s__Oligoflexus sp014378195
s__RUG11977 sp017553965
s__UBA10511 sp026692825
s__Aquimarina sp947503835
s__AC-25 sp005888395
s__JAENVU01 sp016650415
s__JABWAM01 sp020849895
s__CAG-873 sp023666615
s__RGIG7089 sp017539265
s__Zeaxanthinibacter enoshimensis
s__Pontibacter ramchanderi
s__JAQUZL01 sp028691385
s__NVQY01 sp002400675
s__UBA7526 sp002478245
s__Arenimonas sp003241895
s__UBA2259 sp002328465
s__AG-422-B15 sp902590345
s__Lactobacillus sp946477855
s__JAHWKV01 sp019347725
s__Nanogingivalis sp030530485
s__Cellulomonas flavigena
s__Flavobacterium sp001529295
s__Ralstonia soli
s__Agrilactobacillus yilanensis
s__JAHJTV01 sp028282885
s__VGOW01 sp919901875
s__UBA8639 sp029881175
s__Casp-actino8 sp021298195
s__TMED54 sp902618195
s__CSSED10-335 sp003557585
s__Colwellia sp016745015
s__Pseudolabrys sp022843325
s__Gleimia sp030532245
s__JANQLN01 sp028280575
s__Alteromonas sp027257845
s__Tissierella_B creatinini
s__Porcincola sp905235435
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017631875
s__Clavibacter michiganensis_C
s__Hyphobacterium sp014323565
s__Pseudoflavonifractor sp944387275
s__Actinomarinicola tropica
s__Bin95 sp022824105
s__CAG-302 sp934132925
s__Marinifilum breve
s__JACADY01 sp016124385
s__Malacoplasma sp947174035
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp902168085
s__Gracilibacillus kekensis
s__HIMB59 sp902527525
s__CAG-873 sp902471685
s__UBA7741 sp029101205
s__Ferruginibacter sp025362765
s__Duganella fentianensis
s__Isoalcanivorax quisquiliarum
s__UBA4466 sp002709305
s__Arthrobacter sp002224285
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BG
s__Sphaerisporangium rufum
s__Agriterribacter sp937871285
s__Flavobacterium sp013822155
s__Sphingomonas_L flavalba
s__Mesorhizobium_I sp017305925
s__CSBR16-119 sp007117675
s__Enterocola sp024405855
s__JAHEYN01 sp023251555
s__DUQW01 sp012520715
s__Sphingomonas sp001425405
s__Aquirhabdus sp030152425
s__SFWF01 sp017623235
s__B1SED10-16 sp007136525
s__JAUSNA01 sp030645455
s__MED-G20 sp905182745
s__Ferruginibacter sp018268175
s__FACHB-831 sp014695585
s__JANXCC01 sp030550495
s__Sphingomonas sp023400405
s__Lenti-01 sp009930415
s__Pseudomonas_E mendocina_C
s__UBA6024 sp019163175
s__Salinicoccus kekensis
s__Vicinibacter sp016787575
s__Salinicoccus sp947494965
s__Prosthecobacter sp029946185
s__JAENVU01 sp025361725
s__Rubrivivax albus
s__VATK01 sp006546985
s__Akkermansia sp947628035
s__AM-1111 sp014379485
s__Limivicinus sp902789745
s__DT-35 sp013214425
s__JAHDCE01 sp020628145
s__PNKF01 sp029884515
s__Pelotalea chapellei
s__Collinsella sp902494855
s__SHXR01 sp945906755
s__JAGXHK01 sp024636255
s__Granulicella mallensis_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401895
s__RUG563 sp902793245
s__Amycolatopsis sp029369745
s__CAG-433 sp017459965
s__Pelagibacter ubique_P
s__Actinomadura_C alba
s__AR31 sp003220685
s__Arthrobacter sp021129155
s__Roseivirga sp947493005
s__Granulicatella sp937967765
s__Paenibacillus_T kobensis
s__2-02-FULL-42-16 sp001818695
s__Petrocella sp002841435
s__Bilophila sp946490455
s__Prosthecobacter sp002279765
s__SIG307 sp017463035
s__JAODBM01 sp025463985
s__JAGGZS01 sp021161885
s__Ferriphaselus sp016234685
s__CALZGC01 sp947259355
s__JACDFO01 sp013815785
s__Buttiauxella brennerae
s__SG8-39 sp001303445
s__Oceanipulchritudo sp913056355
s__Streptomyces termitum
s__JACPQM01 sp016190505
s__Saccharopolyspora rosea
s__Sulfurovum sp021647715
s__WRAB01 sp009780175
s__DYFO01 sp020725145
s__JAKNTW01 sp022213955
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024695285
s__JACZUZ01 sp022572905
s__RUG11272 sp902767565
s__Pseudofrankia asymbiotica
s__WJJA01 sp014729955
s__JACQWX01 sp016218545
s__Gimesia fumaroli
s__Sphingomonas sp027489365
s__RI-211 sp022180725
s__Treponema_D sp934718065
s__Actinomarina sp902610815
s__JAFGCM01 sp016932635
s__RGIG1666 sp949299615
s__Planktophila sp026393075
s__Variovorax sp030462475
s__UBA5829 sp002431715
s__CACZYB01 sp024692925
s__RGIG5612 sp015057955
s__Stercorousia sp944326015
s__TIUS-1 sp010365785
s__JANEWG01 sp010231475
s__UBA1213 sp902767175
s__NORP139 sp029209985
s__Gryllotalpicola protaetiae
s__Alistipes sp017502025
s__RGIG1693 sp017416425
s__WRMQ01 sp009786275
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp900104335
s__Bacteroides sp944322355
s__Butyribacter sp947630925
s__Agathobacter sp017481285
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210135
s__JANYKT01 sp025358085
s__JAJYMS01 sp021786825
s__JAEELC01 sp946540005
s__Cohnella colombiensis
s__Caccovivens sp947624105
s__Barnesiella sp949298955
s__CANPXY01 sp946497145
s__Streptomyces sp000721265
s__QWPN01 sp016872925
s__Novosphingobium sp004211435
s__FEN-413 sp017883285
s__M3007 sp937861115
s__Marinacidobacterium sp012271265
s__RF16 sp937892015
s__STF1-107 sp028704215
s__Corynebacterium sp030530985
s__Scatosoma sp017467275
s__UBA6168 sp016714985
s__Chitinophaga sp011752935
s__Prosthecobacter sp020216965
s__JAPLWQ01 sp026396515
s__Sulfurospirillum_B tamanensis
s__Methylovirgula sp019343105
s__JANWYL01 sp025056955
s__JAFAJR01 sp019236085
s__Phaeospirillum sp030651575
s__Ga0077553 sp945890485
s__Halalkalibacter sp023017105
s__JACAFG01 sp019352195
s__Sulfurovum sp003978375
s__UBA3071 sp002366755
s__Maribacter_C sp003232155
s__JANYLB01 sp025363815
s__WRIV01 sp009782555
s__RFZI01 sp937138255
s__Pseudobacter rhizosphaerae
s__JARBTR01 sp029240105
s__STF1-152 sp028703215
s__Nonomuraea guangzhouensis
s__JACRGQ01 sp023248535
s__CAIRDP01 sp026391755
s__Pelagibacter_A sp002704145
s__Firm-04 sp946540705
s__Gemmobacter aquatilis
s__SZUA-493 sp003251535
s__Sphingomonas sp902506455
s__SIG200 sp947598425
s__DRLW01 sp011375275
s__CAKVLS01 sp934757865
s__CAMCQY01 sp947459185
s__Acetatifactor sp022511465
s__Polynucleobacter sp947455485
s__JACKFH01 sp029261095
s__JAAYGG01 sp012839115
s__Hydrogenimonas sp003978765
s__CAMZLD01 sp947311635
s__Polynucleobacter sp947470165
s__JAPPOU01 sp028817795
s__Azonexus sp030697085
s__GCA-2753565 sp015232795
s__Streptomyces liliiviolaceus
s__Holophaga sp002297665
s__Nocardia aurantia
s__Termitinema sp025997715
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902559905
s__Sphingobacterium corticibacterium
s__Pelagibacter sp902514945
s__UMGS1045 sp934120015
s__Winogradskyella costae
s__Caccovivens sp949282835
s__SLHU01 sp007135995
s__B119-G9 sp003646715
s__CAG-196 sp944324255
s__JAJDXO01 sp022822205
s__Termitinema sp025997655
s__JAKEEG01 sp022616555
s__Streptomyces composti
s__CAKVOD01 sp944372675
s__UBA2386 sp020247305
s__CAISKJ01 sp945952225
s__Acetatifactor sp947177105
s__JAUXBV01 sp030619215
s__JALYGJ01 sp030271555
s__JAUYMF01 sp030698765
s__DAOWLH01 sp030638985
s__Campylobacter sp937875715
s__CAG-448 sp017536475
s__JADZCD01 sp020851735
s__JAHFFI01 sp023248025
s__Pelagibacter sp902592545
s__UBA1203 sp031262165
s__Termitinema sp025997675
s__Thiobacillus sp019459325
s__Aphodomorpha sp029218485
s__Fen-330 sp003137035
s__CASFRF01 sp949297015
s__Bifidobacterium sp947292085
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp009691705
s__20CM-2-70-11 sp003220675
s__Acinetobacter sp002135295
s__Desulforhopalus sp024227155
s__Chimaeribacter californicus
s__Sphingomonas lenta
s__Xanthobacter sp937872325
s__JAIRKX01 sp031278495
s__JAAZVO01 sp018623405
s__Maribacter aestuarii
s__UBA11452 sp949282305
s__Simiduia sp024138675
s__JAGQXC01 sp020436785
s__Ochrovirga pacifica
s__Proteocatella sphenisci
s__CAJQQY01 sp905480595
s__Mycobacterium sp001500065
s__Pelagibacter sp902624315
s__UBA2988 sp028875075
s__JACJZS01 sp020635515
s__Weissella viridescens_A
s__Brevibacillus panacihumi_A
s__JADGHE01 sp019689555
s__CAJOIG01 sp947624985
s__Glycomyces arizonensis
s__RUG12783 sp902783985
s__UBA1328 sp013204545
s__Chitinophaga sp900142925
s__Microbacterium colombiense
s__JJ008 sp020437365
s__Enterenecus sp947624465
s__Mikella sp900090215
s__Chitinophaga silvatica
s__Flavobacterium sp947457105
s__UBA3222 sp946186275
s__Anaerobranca gottschalkii
s__RUG14087 sp902796345
s__Yeosuana sp002441545
s__Rarobacter sp900188465
s__Rhodobaculum sp002967695
s__Palsa-1032 sp030858605
s__Aveggerthella sp949288145
s__Aphodoplasma sp934456295
s__CAITWD01 sp017882585
s__Paracoccus cavernae
s__JAGXFR01 sp024637395
s__Marinobacter sp001314605
s__GCA-002733105 sp002402245
s__ZLKRG44 sp018882625
s__Rhodopirellula lusitana
s__Novosphingobium sp020848655
s__Sphingomonas_B sp018240865
s__JACRFW01 sp016234265
s__Collinsella sp934654625
s__Coprocola sp947246775
s__AAA536-G10 sp016777645
s__Frondihabitans sp001577365
s__M3007 sp020847915
s__M55B154 sp018399855
s__CAINEC01 sp947447155
s__MED-G20 sp938075455
s__Zoogloea sp009026175
s__RGIG2000 sp017503285
s__Bosea sp004144595
s__JACADW01 sp013388445
s__UMGS1613 sp947598345
s__JAIRLK01 sp031259515
s__Eubacterium_Q sp900199595
s__Flavobacterium difficile
s__Rhodoferax_A sp018241985
s__BQJN01 sp021604725
s__RGIG2431 sp017434185
s__B10-G9 sp030608465
s__Aquifex sp013153455
s__UBA8108 sp913050545
s__JAFGKA01 sp016928855
s__LL51 sp031290315
s__Alistipes sp017379015
s__Kastovskya adunca
s__Companilactobacillus huachuanensis
s__SIG554 sp937884975
s__JAMCZZ01 sp023484645
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_H
s__Treponema_D sp002319875
s__Rhabdothermincola_A salaria
s__UBA2386 sp025459175
s__JALEGK01 sp022763105
s__CAG-269 sp934162615
s__CALEKX01 sp937904525
s__S145-22 sp027004185
s__JAADIZ01 sp027040375
s__Planococcus salinus
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017515205
s__Rhodanobacter sp030504985
s__Onthoplasma sp949293905
s__Stenomitos rutilans
s__JALOAP01 sp023228745
s__Undibacterium terreum
s__JAPNUR01 sp026627065
s__Ruminococcus sp017479805
s__JACAEQ01 sp013388755
s__Streptomyces sp003330845
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_F
s__JAOTZB01 sp029861625
s__Alcyoniella australis
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp017303395
s__Variovorax_A terrae
s__JALVDI01 sp027009115
s__Lenti-01 sp009928955
s__Enterococcus_A sp902706605
s__CANQHX01 sp947623905
s__JAILFK01 sp024697595
s__JAKAAL01 sp021802375
s__Oceanispirochaeta crateris
s__JANXYY01 sp025355805
s__Ga0077523 sp016125475
s__Thermogemmata sp025055795
s__Aristaeella sp947166385
s__CADCWE01 sp902806325
s__UBA6448 sp934097085
s__CALGTJ01 sp022340385
s__CALLCD01 sp938011445
s__JADFGI01 sp022567815
s__Nitrospira_D sp024281365
s__Aestuariivirga sp937870685
s__Paenibacillus sp023512345
s__SFJ001 sp017472375
s__GCA-2401635 sp002746295
s__Jannaschia seosinensis
s__Limosilactobacillus pontis_A
s__Clostridium_I pasteurianum_A
s__JAAFHB01 sp903904515
s__JAQTLZ01 sp028710915
s__Campylobacter_A sp030249845
s__RGIG6307 sp021200345
s__Akkermansia sp947588735
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281405
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902524945
s__UBA1248 sp017958705
s__JAUNMU01 sp030531745
s__JANLHA01 sp024653845
s__Propionicimonas sp031272195
s__Flavobacterium sp014763515
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902590285
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017472635
s__JAIRTL01 sp031270685
s__JANQAO01 sp030386295
s__Chordicoccus sp029005135
s__JAISLU01 sp031274425
s__2-02-FULL-51-18 sp001804125
s__Firm-04 sp024404875
s__JAKOWB01 sp029781795
s__Pararhodobacter sp020832665
s__Bradyrhizobium sp900115265
s__Mesonia algae
s__TMED27 sp030432025
s__JADGRB01 sp025934105
s__Sphingomicrobium sp902806285
s__Oxalicibacterium flavum
s__JAILDL01 sp024683155
s__Rhizobium sp030053155
s__Viridilinea mediisalina
s__CAKZMO01 sp937128595
s__Dermatophilus congolensis_B
s__JADLDI01 sp016789925
s__Extensimonas sp029211265
s__Zoogloea sp023150065
s__Kineosporia sp030269305
s__JACRMI01 sp016215025
s__Psychroflexus planctonicus
s__Brevundimonas sp001424025
s__JAEYRA01 sp023398815
s__RUG11977 sp024684355
s__JAIRRL01 sp031263945
s__JAEXMB01 sp023444705
s__Adhaeribacter pallidiroseus
s__Litchfieldella xinjiangensis
s__9FT-COMBO-42-15 sp016214425
s__JALEVB01 sp949299585
s__Haloferula sp022548915
s__JAITMQ01 sp031277225
s__Enhygromyxa salina_B
s__Arenimonas sp026398695
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882015
s__JAJZHV01 sp027450105
s__JAHDEO01 sp937967535
s__Chitinophaga sp019091455
s__Alistipes sp937899895
s__CAIYVX01 sp903929765
s__Bin107 sp028820795
s__Pseudosulfitobacter sp024636445
s__Rhizorhabdus sp018006725
s__JAHFTY01 sp023265365
s__Luteimonas_D abyssi
s__Polaromonas sp903844825
s__WRKW01 sp009782315
s__JAUVFY01 sp030594025
s__JALUYA01 sp027018875
s__Urbifossiella sp019747655
s__CACNYO01 sp028140145
s__Leptospira_A noumeaensis
s__JAAEPA01 sp024222475
s__ZCTH02-B3 sp002159065
s__UMGS1338 sp029007865
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902624495
s__JAGVVH01 sp031287215
s__UBA11606 sp029263175
s__JAHDBJ01 sp020630435
s__Bact-08 sp002842695
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031272265
s__Draconibacterium sp030595485
s__GCA-012562765 sp012569785
s__CAMCVL01 sp945889175
s__Merdousia sp003343565
s__Bombella intestini
s__Desulfocicer vacuolatum
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030045935
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938028525
s__Peptoniphilus_A ovalis
s__MS024-2A sp002714815
s__CAJCBL01 sp019136515
s__CAMBHM01 sp945867185
s__JAKLDV01 sp022703335
s__Onthocola_B sp947629305
s__UBA1174 sp031271365
s__GCA-001735895 sp029882955
s__CALBTX01 sp937967685
s__Rhodanobacter sp001428385
s__Enterenecus sp934675115
s__UBA7672 sp022844345
s__UBA636 sp017539105
s__Blastococcus sp025965795
s__Bin75 sp022828225
s__AV2 sp003219675
s__Prevotella sp017460765
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249125
s__JAGVKL01 sp945901965
s__CAG-273 sp944389745
s__SFWF01 sp017630985
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030413175
s__CAG-269 sp949288095
s__VGRF01 sp016875395
s__Allosphingosinicella sp023416515
s__MWCK01 sp023228085
s__Cedecea lapagei
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687275
s__JAQTLZ01 sp028711065
s__Gp13-AA77 sp030042795
s__RGIG5681 sp017512625
s__JAAXTX01 sp903854995
s__Pegaeibacterium sp903819565
s__Enterobacter sp023425455
s__QEUY01 sp937922105
s__CAIXZV01 sp001797035
s__B15-G4 sp003644265
s__GCA-2704625 sp902583785
s__RUG11462 sp017390825
s__UBA5868 sp023416875
s__Lightella neohaematopini_E
s__Tindallia californiensis
s__Geomobilimonas sp003574885
s__Mailhella sp944322695
s__JAFUXM01 sp017475805
s__Variovorax sp025352265
s__Palsa-1150 sp003153495
s__UBA931 sp031277215
s__SABI01 sp028532915
s__Labedella phragmitis
s__MED722 sp002690625
s__CAJANQ01 sp903930035
s__Pararoseburia sp934899185
s__Sulfopaludibacter sp900290315
s__Sulfurovum sp030949325
s__Pseudovibrio exalbescens_A
s__MAG-120802 sp018882745
s__JAUHQD01 sp030418115
s__Selenomonas_A sp022482925
s__CAMCQG01 sp945876965
s__CAMCTV01 sp947448135
s__CALZFJ01 sp029219425
s__GCA-2720125 sp002720125
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp014860445
s__JAJRXR01 sp029260375
s__Bradyrhizobium sp022844465
s__Dysgonomonas sp031273295
s__Geothrix sp030845995
s__JAHJDO01 sp030631525
s__RGIG1896 sp017560205
s__UBA4372 sp905233465
s__UBA2199 sp022865785
s__SIG32 sp944323695
s__Aestuariivirga sp900298995
s__JAIXZO01 sp027483795
s__UBA2813 sp902791985
s__JAFGRD01 sp016935315
s__CAG-448 sp015065075
s__SCQM01 sp013044365
s__28-YEA-48 sp900299065
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882325
s__UBA6115 sp012837525
s__JAFGPF01 sp030628245
s__Methylobacterium radiodurans
s__Dyella_A lutea
s__JABFSS01 sp009691305
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030151135
s__CANRGD01 sp947594675
s__Rathayibacter sp013205025
s__Occallatibacter sp030037545
s__Bog-950 sp016787045
s__Flavobacterium sp004959765
s__JAOTSC01 sp030247525
s__Exiguobacterium_A flavidum
s__Roseibacillus_B sp029242545
s__CALRBL01 sp027487075
s__JAAXQD01 sp024641825
s__RFNJ01 sp016125035
s__Ruthenibacterium sp944386555
s__Nonomuraea polychroma
s__JANXMO01 sp025354615
s__Luteimonas_E aquatica
s__UBA953 sp009926645
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila_F
s__Devosia lucknowensis
s__RGIG9341 sp017633115
s__DTU064 sp947632285
s__JAGXIT01 sp024635495
s__JACAEX01 sp013388635
s__WGDQ01 sp015493185
s__JAAZGG01 sp012511355
s__Sodaliphilus sp018065815
s__Pontibacter korlensis
s__JAGQMT01 sp029557395
s__CAJXVU01 sp913062555
s__UBA4416 sp002420145
s__Amylibacter sp030625465
s__Pusillimonas_B ginsengisoli
s__UBA11606 sp913041415
s__Dysosmobacter sp015067995
s__JAEYKI01 sp023393165
s__Roseobacter sp020622345
s__Halalkalibacterium ligniniphilum
s__Bact-11 sp012728975
s__Gallibacter sp028872475
s__JACCTU01 sp013812235
s__Dysosmobacter sp017527365
s__Actinoplanes humidus
s__Pelovirga terrestris
s__Streptomyces bohaiensis
s__DYFX01 sp030583805
s__OLB17 sp029945985
s__UBA6220 sp002421745
s__Tepidicella xavieri
s__JANXYE01 sp025350285
s__Aeromicrobium sp025965435
s__JAJEDW01 sp022821265
s__GCA-2721545 sp024644425
s__Methylomonas koyamae_C
s__Ferdinandcohnia sinesaloumensis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946546175
s__JAIRTA01 sp031282535
s__Chlorobium_A sp028282595
s__Lentzea sp030146905
s__CAG-605 sp934101745
s__Pelagibacter sp902606445
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp018970865
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947627135
s__GCA-012562765 sp012562965
s__Streptococcus sp019414935
s__JAFGIB01 sp016929805
s__Marinobacter sp003441595
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938045395
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp018242255
s__BOG-1460 sp003159675
s__JAAYQU01 sp012519055
s__JAAXGV01 sp951812585
s__UBA9145 sp002729315
s__Kistimonas asteriae
s__Longimycelium tulufanense
s__Sinorhizobium shofinae
s__JAAZCI01 sp030150565
s__Methylobacterium rhodinum
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_M
s__Myxococcus sp020037125
s__Centipeda sp937925565
s__JADFRG01 sp027298025
s__Rhodospira trueperi
s__RGIG9287 sp946186155
s__DUAL01 sp913047525
s__Asticcacaulis solisilvae
s__Pelagibacter ubique_N
s__QHXZ01 sp003223165
s__JAUWLS01 sp030613565
s__Aureispira sp026000115
s__JACQKK01 sp016204605
s__UBA4416 sp025356715
s__Isoalcanivorax pacificus
s__SXKJ01 sp945893075
s__Onthousia sp934130265
s__JAPLLQ01 sp026387485
s__Floricoccus sp029391995
s__SIG575 sp017468425
s__CAG-884 sp934130215
s__UBA5738 sp022530585
s__Gallimonas sp947589565
s__JAHXGL01 sp019923655
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017556765
s__Lentzea pudingi
s__CADEFQ01 sp963204795
s__JAFGNJ01 sp016927065
s__SZUA-365 sp014860565
s__GCA-002862325 sp002685335
s__Enterousia sp017524525
s__Pandoraea morbifera
s__Pseudolabrys sp029945495
s__JAABRT01 sp011390885
s__Cytobacillus sp001509555
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017511645
s__RUG472 sp017451295
s__JAADED01 sp013153605
s__Sphingobium sp001421665
s__Phytoplasma meliae
s__JASBVN01 sp029961045
s__JAEWVL01 sp023396665
s__Methyloversatilis sp024580155
s__Saelkia tenebricola
s__UMGS172 sp017629275
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_F
s__Labilithrix sp023423895
s__JAUWXM01 sp030615855
s__CAIKNB01 sp031082005
s__Ruminococcus sp024403935
s__IMCC26134_A sp025457685
s__Sulfidibacterium sp913009685
s__Ramlibacter cellulosilyticus
s__JAAYKM01 sp012522415
s__Thioclava sp913064665
s__Variovorax sp001426505
s__JADKKF01 sp016718505
s__Symbiobacterium terraclitae
s__Mycetohabitans lariciata
s__Bact-19 sp028701945
s__Thermogutta sp020721965
s__Psychroflexus sediminis
s__UBA1479 sp021555045
s__JACRMA01 sp016235085
s__JACOUJ01 sp016177865
s__Herbaspirillum sp020179755
s__Vibrio pacinii
s__Quinella sp017444245
s__Paraburkholderia flagellata
s__Haemophilus_D sp905215245
s__UMGS1865 sp017452665
s__Roseovarius sp030733685
s__Geothrix sp003538615
s__Marivita sp947488135
s__Nostoc sp937863485
s__SW10 sp028822935
s__Stenotrophomonas sp029960115
s__MEDG-81 sp902514765
s__Alkalibacterium olivapovliticum
s__Marinomonas harenarium
s__JAHFDV01 sp023248815
s__JADDRA01 sp030446545
s__Slackia sp030532315
s__SZUA-381 sp003247185
s__JAEUUX01 sp016787295
s__Clostridium taeniosporum
s__UBA7434 sp937897785
s__Puia sp015655015
s__Treponema_D sp017960765
s__Puia sp003168265
s__Gramella sp004332155
s__Rhodococcus_D antarcticus
s__SIAQ01 sp016191165
s__DTYH01 sp012961955
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp949292905
s__Bosea sp005502805
s__JACKHB01 sp020639195
s__UBA2475 sp947449125
s__2-12-FULL-53-21 sp902826595
s__FEN-1160 sp025355345
s__Phaeospirillum sp016195125
s__DSVQ01 sp016125225
s__Prevotella sp946623195
s__UBA11393 sp003542655
s__Tannerella sp031289515
s__SW10 sp022425785
s__UBA6191 sp019454875
s__Aurantimicrobium sp027924525
s__PXDE01 sp003566475
s__Chromatium violascens_A
s__Ruminococcus_E sp944412525
s__UBA1020 sp023257815
s__Palsa-872 sp030948325
s__Salibacter sp003564735
s__CALZGZ01 sp947259175
s__Babela massiliensis
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031283985
s__JAHFEG01 sp023248595
s__Sulfobium mesophilum
s__Pelagibacter sp902610655
s__Thioglobus_C sp029937335
s__Faecousia sp019418025
s__Scatovivens sp947630235
s__Hoeflea_A sp029212415
s__JASLLZ01 sp030746775
s__JAQTRG01 sp028711945
s__Dichloromethanomonas sp012517475
s__CAMVHY01 sp947167415
s__Stieleria sp024129865
s__Bact-08 sp013335275
s__JAJZWV01 sp021828405
s__UBA2020 sp003524565
s__Walczuchella monophlebidarum
s__JAFUXM01 sp937899395
s__GCA-002733105 sp011053005
s__LD21 sp003141495
s__CAMQZF01 sp947039525
s__JADZCW01 sp020851395
s__UBA9554 sp023260655
s__Nodosilinea sp015207395
s__JAJTDS01 sp021298605
s__UBA6170 sp014860845
s__UBA10103 sp016867375
s__JAOUOP01 sp029880325
s__Phreatobacter sp019749835
s__Qipengyuania_B sp022605525
s__CANRHG01 sp947625585
s__Acidocella sp946222605
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281685
s__Brevundimonas sp019636155
s__JALYPT01 sp030856205
s__JAAYOS01 sp012520195
s__Spartinivicinus sp028858535
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp023405565
s__Rhodoferax sp028689295
s__Ruminococcus_E sp945632055
s__Limosilactobacillus caccae
s__Lutibaculum baratangense
s__UBA5436 sp012838135
s__JADMII01 sp015478665
s__JAENJC01 sp919902985
s__RBG-16-49-21 sp016928865
s__UBA5793 sp963205185
s__UBA4096 sp002381765
s__JAIPGO01 sp021736135
s__Enteromonas sp024409055
s__Mesorhizobium qingshengii_A
s__Hellea sp938007935
s__Schinkia sp012842745
s__JACPHX01 sp016188425
s__UBA3774 sp017445585
s__Cyanobium_A sp947460085
s__RUG11257 sp017450655
s__Corticibacterium sp018457165
s__Reyranella sp017305915
s__SCN-57-10 sp001725215
s__J095 sp022071955
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp014725735
s__UBA6249 sp028712505
s__Rhodopirellula sp028768465
s__Acetatifactor sp022797995
s__UBA7050 sp014804755
s__JAPPIL01 sp028877195
s__Thalassospira sp011806525
s__SZUA-1377 sp015663225
s__B1SED10-16 sp007131845
s__UMGS1484 sp902490145
s__Ammoniphilus oxalaticus
s__BQJM01 sp021604705
s__Pelagibacter sp902576815
s__Sodaliphilus sp024400935
s__UBA1380 sp002305445
s__4572-13 sp022615575
s__UMGS1663 sp934157035
s__KBS-83 sp025462805
s__JANQFL01 sp028277845
s__JAAYSV01 sp012518215
s__UBA9655 sp019749915
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002422425
s__Streptococcus halotolerans
s__Flavobacterium sp025352425
s__Methylobacterium sp000372825
s__JAFLBD01 sp020849075
s__Tb-RUG-64 sp016288215
s__CALAEC01 sp937890785
s__Owenweeksia sp030427285
s__Arsukibacterium indicum
s__PHOS-HE28 sp023428865
s__L227-5C sp013390945
s__UBA4334 sp017534815
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030209175
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp905234915
s__Aequorivita sp020435865
s__Streptococcus marimammalium
s__UBA1755 sp030531245
s__Cycloclasticus sp913061075
s__JABFSM01 sp025350665
s__Tharpella sp029932385
s__Syntrophomonas_B sp017861475
s__Mobilitalea sp012837865
s__JAVDDU01 sp027322215
s__Clostridium_J sp902363375
s__JAUWNJ01 sp030612725
s__Methylopumilus_A sp009926525
s__Caccovivens sp017452445
s__CAIPTY01 sp027404165
s__Caminibacter sp027062985
s__Piscinibacter sp017795745
s__CAADGN01 sp026128865
s__UBA935 sp031280955
s__Scybalousia sp002493865
s__Rectinema sp020721875
s__Bifidobacterium phasiani
s__UBA5004 sp024654145
s__Cyanobium sp026389315
s__T78 sp028699715
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A gallinacea_A
s__Minwuia sp913064755
s__Edaphobacter sp018268775
s__Sphingobacterium chuzhouense
s__BQJD01 sp021604525
s__Microbacterium sp946151065
s__RUG12519 sp902772105
s__CAMAPQ01 sp945860125
s__CADEFQ01 sp963204835
s__Limnohabitans sp937891045
s__JADFVY01 sp947259795
s__CAIRBL01 sp018062885
s__1-14-0-20-47-16 sp002796325
s__Thiopseudomonas caeni_A
s__JADJRI01 sp938008425
s__PLanc-01 sp028277585
s__UBA4736 sp002404015
s__JAKSBM01 sp022361135
s__JALRIV01 sp023255275
s__JAKONF01 sp022702085
s__Hydrogenispora ethanolica
s__Thiobacillus sp024708885
s__Microcella alkaliphila_A
s__SYFI01 sp903866425
s__2-12-FULL-60-19 sp001798595
s__Pelagibacter sp902634935
s__Teretinema sp023438065
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947302825
s__JALSTH01 sp026983835
s__SYFI01 sp030833665
s__RDXE01 sp004292755
s__65-9 sp022059845
s__Priestia megaterium_B
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp934725355
s__CAG-791 sp030524225
s__Nesterenkonia salmonea
s__CALURL01 sp944326915
s__Paracoccus stylophorae
s__Caulobacter sp947475655
s__JAURWE01 sp030655075
s__WRKF01 sp009778165
s__Collinsella sp902470065
s__JAGIBJ01 sp023429855
s__RUG099 sp017403955
s__UBA695 sp026398235
s__Reyranella sp001767945
s__Planktophila sp903922325
s__Trueperella sp030532125
s__H5-SPI1 sp015075425
s__Sporosarcina sp000829195
s__WHSO01 sp009380075
s__Brachybacterium sillae
s__CAKSQF01 sp947631765
s__UBA6130 sp002428285
s__Pedobacter psychroterrae
s__G020348385 sp020348385
s__CAIOSQ01 sp016793165
s__AG11 sp028287345
s__JABDIY01 sp937958015
s__Pseudacidobacterium sp021323655
s__UBA7173 sp945916235
s__S139-133 sp015485655
s__WRNU01 sp031274995
s__Streptomyces sp016612545
s__RUG705 sp934098745
s__Flavimobilis sp011300875
s__Azonexus sp013693915
s__Desulfocicer sp937124525
s__JAQWBS01 sp031271345
s__UBA4665 sp003516025
s__Syntrophotalea sp002435955
s__RGIG3925 sp017414385
s__Gallionella sp030645955
s__Kutzneria sp019239965
s__JABDJG01 sp013002595
s__Deinococcus sedimenti
s__Haloechinothrix alba
s__JAAYKD01 sp012522585
s__Aureisphaera sp947495135
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946616455
s__JAKAXG01 sp021816565
s__UBA2475 sp016788025
s__SZUA-229 sp016744065
s__JAJPHV01 sp021325095
s__JARKNX01 sp029976025
s__Proteiniborus ethanoligenes
s__JABDNZ01 sp028278645
s__JAGGXR01 sp021162935
s__Tolumonas lignilytica
s__PALSA-1336 sp023245915
s__CAG-448 sp024404505
s__UBA629 sp024682375
s__Streptococcus sp030527925
s__SIG333 sp021153185
s__Zeimonas sp937858875
s__Faecousia sp017473455
s__Micromonospora ferruginea
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216795
s__JABAAW01 sp014238535
s__WS-7 sp005893275
s__LJUQ01 sp016783865
s__UBA2883 sp021205645
s__CALJLD01 sp937982665
s__JAUIBT01 sp030428565
s__Sporomusa silvacetica
s__Onthomonas sp902775105
s__Oligosphaera ethanolica
s__Sulfurimonas sp026988235
s__JAGPCK01 sp019695215
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp013287505
s__Lepagella sp937911575
s__Sulfitobacter delicatus
s__JACCXG01 sp013697225
s__Ruminococcus_E sp020624805
s__JALCRY01 sp022652985
s__Salinibacter iranicus
s__JADLCX01 sp020846975
s__Sediminibacterium sp947374225
s__Paceibacter normanii
s__Lutibacter sp013139515
s__UBA1441 sp029559515
s__Arthrobacter_D sp002929295
s__Micromonospora sp028475105
s__Lutibacter sp022429645
s__UMGS1491 sp934702115
s__Pectobacterium_A cacticida
s__JANYDI01 sp025363695
s__PALSA-660 sp025361505
s__DUUG01 sp012841675
s__Pseudomaricurvus albidus
s__Microbacterium flavescens
s__JACCES01 sp023437255
s__RUG11420 sp902796745
s__JAISAN01 sp031266075
s__CAIZGX01 sp945897395
s__JAGNLA01 sp017999835
s__Nonomuraea montanisoli
s__Brocadia sp030837935
s__JAKAGE01 sp027450205
s__M55B167 sp028686345
s__Rubrivivax_A sp017302505
s__Brachybacterium sacelli
s__Paenibacillus sp018403285
s__Corynebacterium sp946223355
s__Lepagella sp947644715
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp001801815
s__IMCC9063 sp000195085
s__Quinella sp946547205
s__Amylibacter marinus
s__SbD1 sp001603845
s__Arcanobacterium_A ihumii
s__VAYN01 sp030852475
s__Streptomyces sp004348315
s__Spiroplasma_A corruscae
s__MED660 sp002691205
s__JADLDR01 sp020846535
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017934185
s__Paenibacillus_E pectinilyticus
s__NaphS2 sp021159825
s__Rhizomicrobium sp019508105
s__Mycoplasma_L sp020024755
s__CALAZZ01 sp937926515
s__Deinococcus multiflagellatus
s__Sphingopyxis sp900108295
s__Methylophaga sp020831825
s__UBA1784 sp902783135
s__Brevundimonas denitrificans
s__Paraburkholderia sp002973525
s__Geomonas silvestris
s__Pusillimonas sp029263785
s__CASERY01 sp949290385
s__JAUWHS01 sp030605785
s__Pseudopontixanthobacter muriae
s__JAGVCW01 sp020059045
s__Thiolinea eikelboomii
s__Paenibacillus_Z sp024734895
s__OLB9 sp937952155
s__UMGS1889 sp017828975
s__Desulforhopalus singaporensis
s__Alcanivorax nanhaiticus
s__GCA-002862325 sp030432455
s__Nocardioides sp021731205
s__G020351855 sp947259585
s__XYB1-FULL-32-11 sp903850725
s__RUG11690 sp016290295
s__Mobilitalea sp023407575
s__JAAYXG01 sp012516015
s__Novosphingobium chloroacetimidivorans
s__UBA9959 sp003482905
s__UBA2029 sp937135955
s__Bact-11 sp018065695
s__UBA2336 sp030584025
s__JAHELU01 sp029863385
s__UBA8639 sp003233615
s__JAICLK01 sp025927415
s__Aestuariivirga sp012032065
s__JACRCB01 sp016219165
s__Akkermansia sp024405415
s__CALZFJ01 sp945921235
s__Roseovarius sp027493545
s__JAAZHN01 sp012510695
s__Streptacidiphilus sp014284505
s__SFTJ01 sp945612775
s__Sphingobacterium sp022712315
s__PCC9605 sp026419705
s__RUG14156 sp934667125
s__Bartonella_A sp945285465
s__ISDg sp017561985
s__Lottiidibacillus patelloidae
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031271205
s__BM004 sp019313095
s__1-14-0-10-42-22 sp018826645
s__SELP01 sp004145845
s__Ruminococcus_E sp018065465
s__Streptomyces sp004217285
s__CAIKXV01 sp014379045
s__Piscirickettsia litoralis
s__Chitinophaga fulva
s__Sphingopyxis macrogoltabida_A
s__WS-2 sp005893185
s__Demequina subtropica
s__Paracoccus sp001447385
s__Dyella_B sp015655335
s__JAIEPW01 sp019748195
s__Alistipes sp017403125
s__Coproplasma sp947090365
s__OLB6 sp024711065
s__WTGU01 sp022826345
s__Streptomyces albidus
s__UBA4644 sp949740695
s__Alg239-R122 sp947497085
s__CAIUMM01 sp943328795
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000701345
s__Ferrovibrio sp018336035
s__JAFDAE01 sp030594505
s__Fen-999 sp016880655
s__JACRMR01 sp016214895
s__UBA4951 sp949295325
s__CASDUJ01 sp949283935
s__UBA1203 sp002309695
s__FEB-7 sp029781595
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BF
s__CALGFH01 sp937881255
s__NS-7 sp005877775
s__AV2 sp003218935
s__DSWT01 sp016934645
s__UBA4311 sp017444095
s__UBA8154 sp007122565
s__CAG-269 sp946548575
s__Pelagibacter sp902631255
s__Azonexus sp026261605
s__JAFGKB01 sp016928755
s__JAISGC01 sp031263295
s__DRPG01 sp019634415
s__JAADDX01 sp013153685
s__Butyrivibrio sp024688095
s__Nitrosomonas sp008015565
s__JAIRKP01 sp031260085
s__CAZU01 sp015062305
s__JAAETH01 sp020439485
s__Sulfurimonas sp027082875
s__Acidibrevibacterium sp021841985
s__UBA737 sp030527615
s__SKW182 sp026418275
s__SSSZ01 sp009469685
s__Palsa-1188 sp003132605
s__Lampropedia sp030528705
s__UBA8592 sp002500385
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030580855
s__3107 sp001483205
s__UBA12151 sp023229615
s__Pleomorphomonas sp937868725
s__Sodaliphilus sp937892215
s__JAEZDR01 sp028288595
s__UBA6161 sp002422315
s__Mxb001 sp004379115
s__JAEEHZ01 sp016281115
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209675
s__VGBV01 sp016870325
s__ZC3RG03 sp937907055
s__UBA2475 sp005787585
s__Flavobacterium sp023253295
s__Lenti-02 sp003245525
s__Aestuariivirga sp937872985
s__Scatocola sp946184595
s__Thiobacillus sp024636775
s__W3P20-009 sp934717675
s__Paracoccus isoporae
s__G020342115 sp020342115
s__Phenylobacterium sp028290945
s__JAADIE01 sp015484595
s__AG-363-K07 sp003278225
s__Rhodococcus defluvii
s__JACZKN01 sp014859985
s__JAUZPM01 sp030705925
s__Sphingopyxis lindanitolerans
s__Roseburia sp017937095
s__JAGWAQ01 sp021296375
s__JACQVC01 sp016209995
s__CALCNF01 sp937897815
s__JAQBQB01 sp028287235
s__UBA1774 sp947307365
s__UBA7332 sp030706585
s__JACQEA01 sp016200825
s__SYAN01 sp016870815
s__Caldimonas sp026153205
s__Nitrosomonas sp003201565
s__Sagittula marina
s__M0040 sp006226895
s__WGBX01 sp027066995
s__CACBWF01 sp902526175
s__SM23-62 sp011053095
s__GCA-2746365 sp002401185
s__Bog-877 sp003135035
s__Promicromonospora sukumoe
s__Sphingomonas sp002083435
s__UMGS731 sp015064725
s__Ancylobacter sp012971745
s__JACPIO01 sp016188075
s__WRGA01 sp021201815
s__Blautia_A sp030527765
s__Coprosoma sp944329505
s__Marinococcus sp947493875
s__Neolewinella sp026421165
s__Cryobacterium sp002404115
s__Altibacter sp028285705
s__Longilinea sp937863945
s__Phenylobacterium sp013822795
s__JAJRZX01 sp024275045
s__Mariniblastus sp938003615
s__DAIDIB01 sp027459575
s__Okibacterium sp001984125
s__Ga0077553 sp016871135
s__JACIWX01 sp014360905
s__WGOA01 sp016124275
s__Blastochloris tepida
s__Lachnospira sp934330725
s__UBA5794 sp027728645
s__NHYM01 sp003288815
s__Arthrobacter_J roseus
s__JAUVBU01 sp030591065
s__NORP181 sp019090405
s__Streptococcus varani
s__Sva-25 sp030625445
s__JAFGJS01 sp016928995
s__UBA1774 sp017545325
s__Limnohabitans_A sp937889215
s__Arthrobacter sp005796205
s__Fimenecus sp947364045
s__Collinsella sp958370325
s__VYDC01 sp026713865
s__Mucinivorans hirudinis
s__Actinoplanes sp030757795
s__UBA953 sp003569205
s__UBA5518 sp022072145
s__JAIORC01 sp021108335
s__JAEUJQ01 sp016879935
s__JASLFS01 sp030150505
s__RGIG2000 sp017623355
s__Marinilactibacillus sp916618885
s__Promicromonospora sp003058225
s__RUG12871 sp902783445
s__Diaphorobacter_A caeni
s__DAOVTE01 sp030627705
s__BRH-c0 sp023229065
s__JAJBSZ01 sp020861125
s__UBA12077 sp001769005
s__Faunimonas pinastri
s__Roseococcus sp026183895
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_O
s__Ideonella sp016213265
s__UBA737 sp017441045
s__CAG-452 sp947629355
s__Aliidiomarina haloalkalitolerans
s__SYMT01 sp005805375
s__Priestia aryabhattai_B
s__Palleronia rufa
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus_B
s__CAG-269 sp944386675
s__PUPG01 sp003557805
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp021811085
s__GCA-2402195 sp020628955
s__Limosilactobacillus sp947387525
s__Spirillospora sp006547145
s__Puia sp030546645
s__Palsa-1033 sp003169655
s__Nocardioides sp950101795
s__JABMMZ01 sp025450395
s__B18-G4 sp030635045
s__Castellaniella sp030452305
s__CAG-238 sp934233735
s__UBA1205 sp017616775
s__BJGN01 sp014190515
s__UBA6156 sp005768725
s__JAUXWC01 sp016718155
s__UBA952 sp027485365
s__Leptospirillum_A sp021844275
s__JALYTY01 sp030854045
s__UBA737 sp934491515
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp017571475
s__SXXA01 sp005791325
s__1-14-0-10-42-12 sp030432135
s__JAAYTL01 sp012735585
s__Marinobacter sp002407605
s__RF16 sp024399835
s__Asticcacaulis sp000495815
s__JABSOH01 sp013216065
s__Pelagibacter sp902594335
s__UBA11475 sp017646555
s__Pelagibacter sp902603305
s__Allorhizobium sp002600635
s__UBA10364 sp022424815
s__Tenuifilum sp937926785
s__Faecousia sp015068495
s__JAIPHI01 sp021735285
s__Thermomicrobium sp002898255
s__2-12-FULL-60-25 sp014728655
s__Glutamicibacter uratoxydans
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902632445
s__LZORAL124-50-18 sp002747055
s__UBA5004 sp030649135
s__UBA2982 sp016873995
s__UMGS1613 sp947588865
s__JAHEDG01 sp024641335
s__Paenibacillus_D sp027627475
s__Shewanella sp947497935
s__ELB16-189 sp027487845
s__Midichloria sp030073355
s__MED-G14 sp902609165
s__Psychroserpens sp947503375
s__Eubacterium_F sp947589175
s__Gastranaerophilus sp017652265
s__Luteimonas_D sp002307375
s__Saccharimonas sp937981355
s__Pelagibacter sp902546375
s__UBA5216 sp009885185
s__JAAURD01 sp012034075
s__UBA1952 sp030151745
s__Polynucleobacter rarus
s__ELB16-189 sp015472025
s__JAADHD01 sp030625775
s__JAAERC01 sp030667525
s__Pelagibacter sp902614125
s__Hylemonella sp020248905
s__CADEDH01 sp902826025
s__WFXD01 sp024275295
s__Marinospirillum sp007119985
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp005787785
s__Aquiflexum lacus
s__Rhodoflexus sp025057115
s__Arachnia bendigoensis
s__Bermanella sp913058575
s__JAHEAO01 sp024642725
s__Centipeda sp905372865
s__Tener-01 sp918272565
s__Geopsychrobacter sp024280485
s__Vitreimonas sp016195245
s__MED727 sp902530455
s__Zavarzinia cavernae
s__WGAI01 sp027064565
s__UBA4246 sp902790015
s__JAUYHA01 sp030690265
s__UBA11872 sp011523785
s__DYJB01 sp020723365
s__UBA6055 sp021296115
s__Streptococcus sp946902915
s__Arthrobacter sp013359735
s__Colwellia sp018860755
s__CANRMR01 sp947584125
s__Shewanella sp947501225
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_A
s__Dysosmobacter sp934565855
s__JAFGCY01 sp016932385
s__JASBSV01 sp030148005
s__JAJFIV01 sp021774625
s__Moorella sp030445875
s__VMEP01 sp007375595
s__Nitrincola iocasae
s__CADCTM01 sp902805485
s__GWE2-37-16 sp001801285
s__DAIDJG01 sp027451445
s__Streptococcus saliviloxodontae
s__Bacillus safensis_B
s__Rhodobacter viridis
s__Gemmobacter_B sp027489375
s__JAGQLH01 sp020429465
s__Hominicoprocola sp937884915
s__JAQVCS01 sp029008115
s__Bartonella sp026930145
s__JAUHWK01 sp030424555
s__Faecousia sp017391305
s__Actinomycetospora succinea
s__Pseudogulbenkiania subflava
s__FACHB-8 sp015207365
s__JAGVAW01 sp030018745
s__JANSYP01 sp025800345
s__GWA2-54-12 sp020846435
s__Martelella mediterranea_C
s__JAIRTF01 sp031279575
s__JAUVVB01 sp030604825
s__Oxydemutator sp007570905
s__CANRDL01 sp947629405
s__Limimorpha sp937877465
s__RGIG1752 sp945915275
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp905182355
s__RUG626 sp947626585
s__JACCTL01 sp030858885
s__JAUXHQ01 sp030621455
s__JACQCV01 sp030648005
s__Bacillus_A cereus_BB
s__Microcella sp005778835
s__Desulfomicrobium sp012727515
s__Halomonas sp030708455
s__Cellulomonas sp000708885
s__Udaeobacter sp003218735
s__Anderseniella sp024640405
s__JACDEG01 sp013816505
s__Isoptericola flavus
s__Hel1-33-131 sp029252265
s__SIG455 sp015068565
s__UBA3789 sp902782835
s__SHZL01 sp009692275
s__JAICNG01 sp025930755
s__UBA1847 sp024639825
s__PHOS-HE28 sp019638075
s__JASEJS01 sp030016765
s__Sulfuricystis sp026417115
s__GCA-016700155 sp023453665
s__Rarobacter incanus
s__Arthrobacter sp000517125
s__UBA1275 sp002323515
s__JAFGUD01 sp016938685
s__RGIG2774 sp949293815
s__Aromatoleum sp001190925
s__Eubacterium_R sp937915775
s__CAG-1782 sp902766325
s__VFJL01 sp030646695
s__Ch48 sp012512865
s__Collinsella sp019413925
s__Gallionella sp016183575
s__Metabacillus sp000981385
s__Kangiella sp028284185
s__JACCZJ01 sp013696065
s__FEN-1191 sp947452065
s__RGVT01 sp009926295
s__JAMOSG01 sp027063225
s__JAJQCI01 sp020859645
s__Thiogranum sp026984515
s__Alistipes sp017380515
s__Prevotella sp017847725
s__Defluviicoccus vanus
s__NK4A136 sp024687205
s__Thalassomonas sp947387555
s__UBA1259 sp949282465
s__JAGOPB01 sp017992255
s__Pseudonocardia sp001942185
s__Monashia flava
s__Sphingobacterium tabacisoli
s__Jannaschia pohangensis
s__Gordonia lacunae
s__Mycetohabitans tarda
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288285
s__73-13 sp934661165
s__JAEWAU01 sp023391535
s__Eubacterium_R sp023663865
s__Amycolatopsis thermophila
s__Neorhizobium sp900111905
s__UBA3951 sp012841375
s__JAIOSM01 sp021107575
s__WGLV01 sp016125385
s__Faecalibacterium sp934513205
s__Pseudoclavibacter_A soli
s__JAFGWO01 sp016937135
s__Streptomyces sp002803065
s__Colwellia sp029938115
s__Leptotrichia sp001553645
s__JAEZED01 sp023417885
s__Aquisediminimonas sp016714795
s__Makaraimicrobium sp030617085
s__4484-230 sp030642185
s__JAJDBB01 sp029261555
s__Alistipes sp017630735
s__UBA2558 sp030156465
s__JANWHL01 sp025450405
s__Streptomyces malaysiense
s__GCA-2684655 sp011051855
s__QVMG01 sp031285925
s__Clostridium_Z frigidicarnis
s__HGM12713 sp017648425
s__Gelidibacter sp947500795
s__S010-51 sp024635865
s__G020352775 sp020352775
s__Nocardioides sp023460975
s__JAAZDU01 sp012512665
s__Flagellimonas sp030148335
s__Bilifractor sp900770225
s__Rubrobacter_B xylanophilus
s__F2B08 sp009184895
s__JADLEX01 sp020845895
s__Flavihumibacter stibioxidans
s__Faecivivens sp944385325
s__JAAZZY01 sp014239035
s__G020348765 sp020348765
s__Streptococcus sp905221115
s__JACPAU01 sp023249205
s__Duganella sp000381565
s__XYC1-FULL-37-79 sp001769975
s__Mycoplasmopsis primatum
s__Caproicibacterium sp002411615
s__Paramuribaculum sp014801065
s__Oceaniferula sp029287105
s__Lepagella sp947176355
s__Gottfriedia sp002577195
s__Arthrobacter sp006715285
s__Akkermansia sp030525455
s__JALYNB01 sp030773395
s__Anaeromonas gelatinilytica
s__SZUA-36 sp937927755
s__Aegiribacteria sp021108435
s__M50B92 sp016699795
s__RUG12372 sp902778455
s__Streptomyces sp001905725
s__Ruegeria halocynthiae
s__Indibacter alkaliphilus
s__Holophaga sp017859955
s__Streptococcus infantis_K
s__UBA1200 sp002309765
s__Collinsella sp019414515
s__Iodobacter sp025360045
s__Thermaerobacter marianensis
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp030282845
s__UBA2966 sp958295725
s__Egerieenecus sp944364075
s__JAKLDX01 sp022703295
s__GCA-002779465 sp027025555
s__Solibacillus merdavium
s__Agromyces humatus
s__Mycobacterium sp021648845
s__Nanosyncoccus sp015257445
s__Trichodesmium sp002260545
s__AQU-03 sp018500105
s__AG-337-I02 sp902567135
s__Faeciplasma sp021199355
s__Ferruginibacter sp947452965
s__RFXY01 sp945862075
s__Desulfobulbus sp903896915
s__CAIOSU01 sp945901065
s__VFZE01 sp016650235
s__Mesorhizobium_I shangrilense
s__CAITMJ01 sp028873375
s__Occallatibacter sp027452125
s__JAAYRQ01 sp012518685
s__JANXVU01 sp025351485
s__Sphaerochaeta sp003247345
s__JAEUWI01 sp019637335
s__JAGOTT01 sp018061645
s__JAGOPO01 sp020852375
s__JAFGNB01 sp016927235
s__RGIG2000 sp017457545
s__Sphingobacterium sp028736175
s__Desulfobacula sp030145145
s__DSYL01 sp026414685
s__50-400-T64 sp002746135
s__UBA4372 sp017962495
s__FACHB-1407 sp014697545
s__RYN-124 sp025965475
s__Halioglobus sp024642265
s__Chroococcidiopsis millei
s__Polymorphobacter_A sp937894055
s__UBA5905 sp017397125
s__Desulfatitalea sp002402905
s__Saccharofermentans sp017480325
s__Adlercreutzia sp902478715
s__JAGQLQ01 sp937858825
s__DSNU01 sp022616415
s__Coproplasma sp944368215
s__SIG220 sp015059185
s__CALVUJ01 sp944363575
s__JAHDDY01 sp020629115
s__CAG-196 sp905236055
s__JAAYUG01 sp029571215
s__JAHHTG01 sp949298975
s__Porticoccus sp947259505
s__SLRI01 sp011390475
s__SHYP01 sp945889565
s__Tenderia sp030148045
s__Limimorpha sp017466405
s__UBA2146 sp002311975
s__Vallitalea longa
s__Rothia sp937976295
s__RH1A sp012221805
s__Flavobacterium degerlachei
s__Pelagibacter sp902592935
s__Companilactobacillus hulinensis
s__CAJBPB01 sp013141455
s__JAFGNE01 sp016927155
s__Pelagibacter sp902601315
s__AG-430-B22 sp902608415
s__SLLW01 sp029688905
s__Halioglobus sp029246385
s__UBA935 sp002293475
s__WHSW01 sp021155855
s__Enterousia sp016285415
s__Streptomyces albulus_A
s__Fluviicola sp946480815
s__Pukyongia sp008501705
s__JAPULR01 sp951812825
s__Cellulosimicrobium cellulans_A
s__UBA11872 sp026707185
s__Lacunisphaera sp029945445
s__HGW-1 sp002841375
s__Cycloclasticus sp019090295
s__Pelagibacter sp902564245
s__Leptospira_A sp027531445
s__UBA8248 sp029937135
s__NK4A136 sp017552715
s__JAJFIK01 sp028280665
s__Lepagella sp014801225
s__Pristimantibacillus sp009737085
s__JANXSS01 sp014377845
s__Alkalispirochaeta sp027859055
s__Sphingopyxis lacunae
s__Paenibacillus amylolyticus_D
s__JAACSU01 sp938015455
s__JAFGES01 sp016931455
s__Giesbergeria sp030690515
s__CAG-465 sp934162655
s__UBA8592 sp002715405
s__Streptomyces gossypii
s__UBA1568 sp001786575
s__Tenacibaculum sp004762155
s__JAIRRO01 sp031261245
s__Phil12 sp017480245
s__Sphingomonas sp001421745
s__Thermostichus sp021533835
s__JAGQLW01 sp020428995
s__JABAAK01 sp014238775
s__Brachybacterium aquaticum
s__Catellatospora sp018327705
s__JAGORL01 sp023246145
s__GMQP-bins7 sp023251945
s__Bin75 sp020027535
s__Caballeronia choica
s__Scatosoma sp017503525
s__CAG-269 sp949288175
s__Rhodopila sp028291505
s__JACQBA01 sp016194745
s__JARLIO01 sp031291675
s__JALZAH01 sp030945745
s__JADGQX01 sp017881445
s__Rhodoglobus sp025352485
s__62-47 sp024508855
s__UBA9973 sp001000035
s__WLXB01 sp029245025
s__Prevotella sp017645905
s__Blattabacterium sp011290385
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018065485
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp002733495
s__Phenylobacterium sp030697925
s__Halopseudomonas sabulinigri
s__AG-422-B15 sp902598405
s__Confluentibacter citreus
s__Adhaeribacter_A terrigena
s__Dulcicalothrix sp001904745
s__Faeciplasma sp021200775
s__Gallionella sp016218465
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp021300355
s__UBA952 sp030833845
s__Lacticaseibacillus yichunensis
s__Streptomyces thermolilacinus
s__Ga0077527 sp023431245
s__RGIG8124 sp017618055
s__Prosthecobacter sp019186985
s__Collinsella sp958431945
s__Novosphingobium sp947451145
s__JAIPAH01 sp021740175
s__Collinsella sp902494625
s__Sphingomonas yunnanensis
s__Corynebacterium sp001875665
s__Tepidiphilus margaritifer
s__BOG-1338 sp003164595
s__JAAFJU01 sp025351345
s__JACIWX01 sp014360755
s__Alteromonas sp016405965
s__RUG191 sp024685495
s__Ferrithrix sp021833085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905235085
s__UBA5976 sp009885745
s__Methylomirabilis sp016200385
s__Lepagella sp029007645
s__Cellvibrio zantedeschiae
s__Mesorhizobium tamadayense
s__Prevotella sp902799655
s__Poriferisocius sp951813555
s__JACQAX01 sp016194725
s__JAKSDK01 sp022360095
s__PNNP01 sp013824325
s__OLB19 sp018062385
s__SZUA-152 sp013151355
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902576415
s__UBA7542 sp025451535
s__CAIKAD01 sp028703835
s__Stammera capleta_K
s__JAAYBT01 sp023409615
s__GW928-bin9 sp016872755
s__Novosphingobium sp030697365
s__JAGKXC01 sp021151535
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_O
s__Faecenecus sp947623935
s__UBA4644 sp017559995
s__Dyadobacter tibetensis
s__VXYL01 sp958296165
s__Tous-C4FEB sp009919985
s__JAOZPD01 sp029932935
s__JAUNIP01 sp030523425
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003140655
s__Planococcus sp009707665
s__JAMONC01 sp027066725
s__WQXQ01 sp031254615
s__Sulfuricurvum sp903844635
s__JACIWI01 sp014361055
s__JAGOAJ01 sp017983955
s__Treponema_D sp946187725
s__Pseudolabrys sp945861895
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688235
s__JAFGHG01 sp913050175
s__JAAYXS01 sp012515775
s__JAAFHG01 sp025362915
s__Odoribacter sp947176455
s__VGJO01 sp016867415
s__Methylosarcina fibrata
s__Eubacterium_Q sp024681515
s__GCA-003244245 sp030862525
s__Intrasporangium calvum_A
s__Sphingomonas sp019635455
s__UBA9959 sp023701245
s__CAIUMM01 sp947483545
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946530935
s__Cohnella luojiensis
s__UBA11663 sp002469765
s__JAADGM01 sp013152375
s__Cyclobacterium sp014762705
s__DG-60 sp001304365
s__UBA4720 sp955652265
s__Pararhizobium gei
s__JAUXFG01 sp030620115
s__WQXJ01 sp009784895
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp023263735
s__Flavobacterium swingsii
s__GCA-002733105 sp030627065
s__CAG-177 sp017428625
s__PHOS-HE28 sp017998165
s__Fibrobacter sp024399065
s__Zwartia sp030158305
s__SZAS-103 sp018242445
s__JAIRLU01 sp031263265
s__Acetatifactor sp017465845
s__Bosea sp027489835
s__B1 sp014376805
s__Prevotella sp017642485
s__Moritella sp002836355
s__UBA8687 sp016763735
s__SXYR01 sp024640385
s__Bog-950 sp026391075
s__Bosea sp026400535
s__Mycobacterium sp020438915
s__Flavobacterium tangerinum
s__Pseudofrankia inefficax
s__ZC4RG39 sp003242495
s__JAISZF01 sp031282635
s__Alloacidobacterium dinghuense
s__Thermoclostridium_A sp012728015
s__Symbiobacterium sp003242675
s__Propionivibrio sp031266435
s__RF6 sp021044625
s__GCA-2737125 sp945870085
s__UBA3633 sp902803205
s__Pseudodonghicola sp030164425
s__UBA9320 sp003485825
s__Cellulomonas terrae
s__Bog-950 sp025057415
s__Aquirhabdus sp030151145
s__B16-G9 sp024762735
s__Rhizomicrobium sp017307315
s__Defluviitalea_A sp012519955
s__SHYO01 sp009692745
s__JAFMIT01 sp024640585
s__OLB17 sp016700075
s__Faecousia sp015068155
s__UM-FILTER-50-9 sp018700535
s__SG8-30 sp001303245
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029233965
s__CALFXN01 sp937870605
s__WJJN01 sp014729735
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017464815
s__Salsipaludibacter albus
s__Paraprevotella sp023663705
s__Kmv42 sp014859105
s__CAG-488 sp017380575
s__Sphingopyxis sp937957805
s__RGIG8306 sp017614345
s__NaphS2 sp028278625
s__Neoroseomonas sp023424475
s__Marinoscillum sp024305105
s__Amylibacter sp027083485
s__Flavobacterium sp004362015
s__UBA998 sp002291845
s__Nostoc sp020829625
s__GCA-2402105 sp002402105
s__Elarobacter sp030947665
s__Micromonospora cabrerizensis
s__Pelomonas sp016790285
s__Palsa-1150 sp003139415
s__Faecousia sp017435615
s__COE1 sp021770755
s__CF-13 sp030946735
s__Leucothrix pacifica
s__Ureibacillus sp030418165
s__Methylobacterium sp021352225
s__JAHLLK01 sp020444165
s__Microbacterium sp030065535
s__STC-74 sp028687475
s__JAPLKR01 sp026387965
s__DUSP01 sp012842575
s__Alkalihalophilus sp002797325
s__Lacibacter sp018970395
s__JAFAFN01 sp030852785
s__JACRNE01 sp946478995
s__UBA6857 sp029012445
s__BOG-935 sp937890965
s__JAAYUH01 sp030018355
s__UBA2868 sp024699595
s__Vulcaniibacterium_B gelatinicum
s__Obscuribacterium magneticum
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp028293745
s__JALSKZ01 sp026988575
s__Fimivivens sp023391005
s__GCA-002050365 sp013813755
s__Puniceibacterium sp001038505
s__JAEUJP01 sp016793725
s__RF16 sp902798965
s__Mycobacterium sp021213805
s__CAJXJY01 sp913055875
s__Lacrimispora sp009712635
s__Algoriphagus pacificus
s__Psychrobacter sp014119005
s__Azospirillum sp014192915
s__JABFSM01 sp016874005
s__JAOPZW01 sp025963905
s__Megasphaera_A paucivorans
s__PKUG01 sp002869665
s__CALSMU01 sp943787725
s__PHAA01 sp022706565
s__Bin55 sp021295855
s__RUG14156 sp015152565
s__Enterousia sp024402765
s__Planktophila sp937927965
s__SLBA01 sp007692605
s__Pandoraea norimbergensis
s__UBA11490 sp017964105
s__JAODBQ01 sp025464045
s__Pseudomonas_E sp026153515
s__Bacteroides sp944320295
s__CAG-269 sp944387455
s__Paenibacillus_B dendritiformis_C
s__Acetatifactor sp948473115
s__Synechococcus_C sp011523835
s__Lacrimispora sp023398855
s__JADFIX01 sp022566435
s__CALYBN01 sp944326815
s__Marinobacterium_C sp024686055
s__Tolumonas sp903931645
s__SCTT01 sp004322435
s__Pontibacter sp947499125
s__UBA2093 sp023254135
s__TMED14 sp030831045
s__Streptomyces sp003814875
s__JAJDAM01 sp029261905
s__JALZVN01 sp937974575
s__SG130 sp030542965
s__Tersicoccus solisilvae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp913048245
s__UBA3789 sp946614095
s__Capnocytophaga sp938029845
s__DRKF01 sp011051915
s__Thiofilum sp016711335
s__Cybelea sp030038215
s__Gordonia westfalica
s__Deinococcus sp946848805
s__JADZFZ01 sp020854145
s__Saccharimonas sp938049075
s__Fluviicola taffensis
s__G020347605 sp020347605
s__Leptospira_A ryugenii
s__CANQFO01 sp947599755
s__JAUXFJ01 sp030620065
s__UBA8592 sp029244605
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp902564695
s__JACRCQ01 sp022703255
s__JAUXGM01 sp030622125
s__JADFXL01 sp015233585
s__G020351775 sp030597435
s__CALXUC01 sp944391575
s__UBA2289 sp002345425
s__WFZT01 sp026986235
s__UBA2918 sp937891085
s__Arthrobacter sp030433895
s__Frateuria_A soli
s__QNBC01 sp011682715
s__Arenimonas fontis
s__UBA953 sp016871415
s__Faecousia sp017456045
s__JAFASC01 sp019244955
s__RGIG5612 sp024403615
s__JAQXZB01 sp029226975
s__Byssovorax cruenta
s__Metalachnospira sp029098265
s__Pelagibacter sp902597865
s__Maribacter sp028464145
s__Prevotella sp947167935
s__RGIG8597 sp022508205
s__M3007 sp016787345
s__Anaerosphaera aminiphila
s__2-12-FULL-41-12 sp001790445
s__Palsa-465 sp005883415
s__SKKC01 sp007694005
s__HR10 sp030550025
s__CALMAR01 sp937859855
s__JAUVRU01 sp030597485
s__UBA2294 sp002345625
s__Mycobacterium sp001672975
s__UBA2284 sp030656435
s__Adhaeribacter radiodurans
s__Mucilaginibacter rigui_A
s__CALAKE01 sp937922775
s__BJHL01 sp022843045
s__Trichlorobacter thiogenes
s__Thermosipho_A sp017656345
s__JALUUM01 sp027021365
s__Orientia mediorientalis
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003221895
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031268175
s__UBA5078 sp913061515
s__JALOAT01 sp023228645
s__Pseudanabaena sp002914585
s__BOG-931 sp030040825
s__Acetoanaerobium sticklandii
s__SG8-13 sp001303025
s__Euzebyella saccharophila
s__JAKSDQ01 sp030442055
s__Desulfatitalea tepidiphila
s__CAMFKE01 sp945957395
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403675
s__JAGORY01 sp021731345
s__Wagnerdoeblera nectariphila
s__Pelagibacter sp902554035
s__UBA952 sp024643555
s__GWF2-37-15 sp001784565
s__UBA10183 sp018824725
s__CALALS01 sp030426475
s__JACSRF01 sp020634315
s__QZKS01 sp013824585
s__Rubrivivax sp030653505
s__UBA5603 sp002839155
s__RGZA01 sp021732145
s__VHCZ01 sp016209525
s__Microbulbifer sp023634065
s__VGRW01 sp016875225
s__JACRMK01 sp016235055
s__SXXZ01 sp027488845
s__Chitinibacter bivalviorum
s__Roseibacillus_B sp002721695
s__Pontibacter qinzhouensis
s__SFHK01 sp015056255
s__UBA4479 sp021555105
s__CAIWGR01 sp903873545
s__2-12-FULL-60-25 sp023246415
s__Nonlabens sp000153385
s__CAG-273 sp934122155
s__Methylotenera sp013141425
s__JALYQT01 sp030855685
s__HGM10857 sp947629265
s__Roseovarius sp009363715
s__UBA3792 sp017393775
s__2-02-FULL-48-16 sp007376285
s__Nostoc punctiforme
s__Fimisoma sp017547345
s__Flavobacterium cutihirudinis
s__Ventricola sp017545905
s__CASEAR01 sp949285835
s__Cypionkella sp027482795
s__CAG-177 sp024697575
s__Methyloversatilis sp020621405
s__Georhizobium profundi
s__VGLL01 sp016866735
s__Psychrobacter sp947500265
s__Devosia_A sp028613635
s__CAIOYC01 sp026225565
s__Gellertiella sp945952245
s__Coprovivens sp947628325
s__FEN-1143 sp003153055
s__Bhargavaea cecembensis
s__Treponema_D sp024699235
s__Novosphingobium sp002454125
s__Consotaella salsifontis
s__JABDII01 sp013003805
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005889295
s__Amylibacter sp913061275
s__DTU012 sp012840925
s__Peptacetobacter hominis
s__Paludibacter sp937927845
s__Streptococcus infantis_G
s__RUG626 sp947632175
s__J108 sp003694825
s__S145-25 sp024277445
s__Bacillus_CE sp002261155
s__Nitrospira_A sp902500785
s__Alloalcanivorax sp022449455
s__JAKVCE01 sp028823185
s__Telluria sp000745265
s__Hyphomonas beringensis
s__Mariluticola halotolerans
s__PALSA-1180 sp023249615
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030838305
s__JACMLW01 sp014379385
s__Cryobacterium sp030063455
s__Amycolatopsis saalfeldensis
s__Alkalicoccus halolimnae
s__JAIROO01 sp031273455
s__CAG-269 sp947631335
s__Streptomyces roseolilacinus
s__LMEP-6097 sp005110385
s__RUG410 sp016283295
s__Collinsella sp934654795
s__CF-134 sp005880985
s__DSBN01 sp021767325
s__JAKLFA01 sp022711395
s__R-H-3 sp016213575
s__Catenuloplanes indicus
s__Aphodosoma sp017559505
s__Erythrobacter sp937969505
s__Microbacterium hominis_B
s__JAJRUL01 sp024277795
s__CAG-873 sp947178655
s__SZUA-35 sp003231975
s__21-14-all-47-15 sp002771515
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp013298745
s__NORP309 sp027083915
s__JACQAP01 sp016194905
s__JAMCRV01 sp023381555
s__GCA-2715965 sp016779125
s__UBA7960 sp012521995
s__Jidaibacter sp000730245
s__CAG-390 sp024405755
s__OLB17 sp019639175
s__SYFI01 sp009694365
s__JAOUME01 sp029881655
s__Onthovivens sp945935945
s__Photobacterium sp029223585
s__Mesorhizobium sp022347545
s__JAQUWX01 sp028692635
s__Prevotella sp028726625
s__CAKSEI01 sp934446285
s__Leifsonia_A sp001423545
s__VGFD01 sp016868975
s__Anaeroplasma sp934229785
s__Soonwooa sp023440705
s__SZUA-185 sp022562155
s__Pararhodobacter sp020832805
s__Nocardioides sp020075545
s__SAR86A sp902547295
s__GCA-2686945 sp002686945
s__UBA3054 sp017538635
s__Rivularia parasitica
s__ELB16-189 sp016787725
s__Polaromonas sp029945895
s__Rhodoluna sp026000575
s__MFHE01 sp016432405
s__Phytohalomonas tamaricis
s__Tannerella sp031267935
s__Variovorax paradoxus_F
s__JAJCZD01 sp029262615
s__UBA2645 sp903879805
s__JACQXD01 sp016208875
s__Collinsella sp902464485
s__Bact-08 sp017860395
s__Photobacterium lipolyticum
s__Flavobacterium oncorhynchi_A
s__Choladousia sp958422845
s__GWA2-32-17 sp001769035
s__Stercorousia sp944322885
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030040725
s__PGYR01 sp024636855
s__Spirochaeta_A thermophila_A
s__JAJOKK01 sp021129875
s__TMED80 sp002169695
s__JACTMI01 sp019911865
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp937129355
s__JAENJB01 sp030690705
s__JARCMB01 sp030248825
s__UBA737 sp946646305
s__Psychromonas sp000470315
s__CAMASZ01 sp945861125
s__Streptococcus sp905221225
s__Thermostichus sp000013225
s__Flavobacterium sp007097385
s__JAIRLS01 sp031275285
s__UBA9619 sp913051905
s__Moorella sulfitireducens
s__Caccovivens sp944362965
s__Protoclostridium sp949289095
s__JAAUQL01 sp030589835
s__Bdellovibrio sp006874625
s__Lepagella sp022509145
s__BM714 sp016649995
s__Abyssalbus ytuae
s__Oceanihabitans sp016864015
s__CAKMZF01 sp929200405
s__Rhodospira sp937138205
s__Lolliginicoccus levis
s__G020352595 sp020352595
s__Caccovivens sp944349915
s__Limiplasma sp934643535
s__TMED48 sp028822945
s__Allosphingosinicella sp028293005
s__Campylobacter_D sp020024835
s__Collinsella sp902497065
s__JACOVG01 sp016177405
s__Arthrobacter sp900102895
s__Mycobacterium vinylchloridicum
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A buteonis
s__Hydrogenophaga sp011390855
s__Phyllobacterium sp020164455
s__Mycobacterium sp026625985
s__Akkermansia sp002471255
s__RGIG4140 sp017467335
s__Borrelia sp030436115
s__Ruminococcus_E sp015065665
s__JAJRWW01 sp029938605
s__Chthoniobacter sp025352865
s__Caballeronia novacaledonica
s__JAUVBS01 sp030591105
s__RUG626 sp947625815
s__Pararhodobacter sp905479725
s__Jeotgalibaca sp021513155
s__Faecousia sp944387615
s__Nitrobacter sp001896955
s__Mycobacterium sp001668615
s__Sneathiella sp006226265
s__JAQGGZ01 sp028289125
s__JAUSJU01 sp030647175
s__UBA8190 sp030042575
s__41-269 sp012523575
s__Devosia sp025809055
s__Egerieousia sp002315995
s__Avelusimicrobium sp949291545
s__CACIJG01 sp002703515
s__AG-337-I02 sp902595855
s__UBA1305 sp002307275
s__UBA5905 sp017442265
s__JACQDE01 sp016179005
s__JALYJV01 sp030775105
s__DUCD01 sp012959985
s__Sulfuriflexus sp027006175
s__UBA1740 sp017504405
s__Lysinibacillus_B odysseyi_A
s__Fluviibacter sp937996725
s__JAIRPC01 sp031257215
s__UBA737 sp944384845
s__Ruminococcus_G sp022440845
s__Vagococcus_A elongatus
s__TNE-4 sp018882635
s__Zarconia navalis
s__Gordonia soli
s__Streptococcus oralis_M
s__UBA5976 sp947491175
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp023663265
s__RUG11200 sp902766825
s__JADKJB01 sp030855635
s__HRBIN30 sp026004215
s__Roseovarius sp002072155
s__BNWE01 sp025998595
s__SZUA-365 sp003246455
s__UBA9973 sp018061035
s__UBA1368 sp002305965
s__UBA3824 sp946409405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002314885
s__Rhizomicrobium sp945882615
s__UBA2227 sp003510215
s__Scatousia sp949282215
s__Algoriphagus sp023653075
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp013285905
s__Borrelia persica
s__JAIBCM01 sp019694135
s__Neobacillus sp029256785
s__Reichenbachiella sp025639805
s__JACQRL01 sp016206485
s__WRNU01 sp031272995
s__Campylobacter_D sp949294425
s__Pseudomonas_B psychrotolerans_C
s__Catenisphaera adipataccumulans
s__Planctomicrobium sp020426125
s__UBA3824 sp905234655
s__Dyella solisilvae
s__DYLV01 sp020721925
s__Streptomyces sp021545335
s__DXTB01 sp019410105
s__Nocardioides baculatus
s__BM303 sp024275895
s__UBA1752 sp947630765
s__Bin87 sp958296385
s__JAQUPQ01 sp028716525
s__JAADGC01 sp024276255
s__Collinsella sp900549555
s__Novosphingobium sp030271565
s__Pelagibacter sp902549785
s__Antribacter gilvus
s__Campylobacter_B sp022775765
s__Caccenecus sp946500895
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AL
s__TMED14 sp949529985
s__Baekduia soli
s__UWMA-0277 sp943789505
s__CALZFJ01 sp945983195
s__Enterococcus mansonii
s__JACDNV01 sp017656425
s__Ramlibacter soli
s__Pseudogemmobacter bohemicus
s__Pelagibacter sp902603905
s__QNFC01 sp016763355
s__Methylovulum sp947504985
s__Comamonas testosteroni_D
s__CATLPD01 sp950054485
s__Streptomyces muensis
s__Crossiella cryophila
s__SBAY01 sp030018635
s__Pelagibacter sp902514755
s__Streptomyces peucetius_A
s__UBA6233 sp028687205
s__Gramella aestuarii
s__Acididesulfobacillus sp001029295
s__UBA9320 sp013042025
s__B28-G16 sp003644175
s__Alkaliphilus_B flagellatus
s__Nanosynbacter sp905372305
s__Photobacterium sp022347985
s__Micromonospora vinacea
s__Sediminibacterium sp943323935
s__Sediminibacterium sp947452295
s__GWA1-54-10 sp030647845
s__HGM10857 sp947628105
s__GCA-012562765 sp012569285
s__JAGHCW01 sp021160245
s__Mobilitalea sp012512855
s__Lutibacter profundi
s__UBA9145 sp022447905
s__Arenimonas sp025352045
s__JJ008 sp902826165
s__Streptomyces ficellus_B
s__QFOI01 sp004337365
s__Loktanella sp021735925
s__Faecousia sp017547505
s__Bacillus sp027706145
s__JAISKT01 sp031261295
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000515415
s__Paenibacillus_AB hemerocallicola
s__UBA6984 sp937895785
s__Akkermansia sp017558555
s__Conyzicola nivalis
s__Prochlorococcus sp003215555
s__Microbacterium pseudoresistens
s__JAGRJA01 sp020443005
s__Streptomyces tuirus_A
s__Chitinophaga sp902168105
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017456845
s__Algoriphagus sp021390545
s__JAGGTK01 sp021163765
s__Solitalea agri
s__JAHEYG01 sp025360355
s__Chlorobium sp013336025
s__WQXQ01 sp009785045
s__JAKLHY01 sp022709905
s__JAJTHC01 sp021299615
s__66-474 sp030167125
s__WQYJ01 sp009779115
s__UBA1822 sp949286115
s__Myxosarcina sp000756305
s__Chloroflexus islandicus
s__Pelagibacter sp905616605
s__Bin16 sp026713505
s__Aquimarina sp002924285
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp947501885
s__Serratia_D symbiotica_A
s__Meiothermus sp026004095
s__Winogradskyella sp947501905
s__Sneathia sp902494065
s__RUG11198 sp934131005
s__FJAT-45350 sp002335805
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030037515
s__JAIOSJ01 sp021107705
s__CAMBQF01 sp027483285
s__Butyrivibrio sp900116865
s__JAAZXR01 sp014240065
s__CAKMZU01 sp013215055
s__Onthocola_B sp934096035
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209565
s__Palsa-1248 sp021324775
s__JAGWRU01 sp028869595
s__JAJRUG01 sp024277915
s__JALYUS01 sp030947205
s__UBA5627 sp002421585
s__SIG307 sp022510665
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017619835
s__TMED54 sp902615995
s__JAAYAY01 sp012719125
s__Spiribacter sp937884605
s__Streptomyces fumanus
s__JAHELU01 sp028285495
s__Alloscillospira sp024404215
s__CADEFT01 sp026954325
s__JAHQVY01 sp019634095
s__Bifidobacterium sp012932365
s__JJ008 sp947458625
s__JAUXHQ01 sp030643245
s__GCA-002050365 sp030857305
s__Nocardia sp015355755
s__Pseudalkalibacillus sp946151055
s__DAOVDN01 sp030669465
s__Reyranella sp019039055
s__Caldimonas sp946480305
s__Paenibacillus_Z methanolicus
s__Salinimicrobium sp029265595
s__DTKD01 sp023398345
s__Castellaniella sp019166125
s__DUEL01 sp011388675
s__JAOUKH01 sp029882685
s__Streptomyces sp014596475
s__Butyrivibrio sp900108105
s__CALUTH01 sp944323925
s__Crocosphaera chwakensis
s__DFXE01 sp031257015
s__MWEV01 sp026388245
s__MedPE-SWsnd-G2 sp001874335
s__Kocuria palustris_A
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882445
s__WRJC01 sp009782405
s__CAMLQG01 sp946482075
s__Firm-16 sp018064475
s__UBA8592 sp002703045
s__Mycobacterium iranicum_A
s__Kinneretia sp020535565
s__JAQTRT01 sp028711675
s__SCSIO-12741 sp024398055
s__UBA4810 sp011046295
s__Pelagibacter sp902583075
s__CAIQDX01 sp903841915
s__Pseudoduganella sp021323265
s__Kushneria indalinina
s__MWEV01 sp026388315
s__JAUHXQ01 sp030426905
s__JAMDAS01 sp023484085
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949292445
s__JABDCM01 sp013288105
s__Tannerella sp031255595
s__GCA-002718515 sp002689385
s__Flavobacterium sp018401995
s__JAFIER01 sp020832465
s__Akkermansia sp017521145
s__Psychrobacter jeotgali
s__SHYQ01 sp903917615
s__JAHEEY01 sp024640485
s__NK4A136 sp017518185
s__CAKARD01 sp916720425
s__JAJFUU01 sp021371965
s__GCA-002733185 sp004214175
s__Erythrobacter sp947499505
s__GCA-002728855 sp029245825
s__Shinella lacus
s__Gemmata sp021413735
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903870065
s__Actinobacillus arthritidis
s__Aquimarina sp947498935
s__CAKZUU01 sp026418875
s__JASFBJ01 sp030149585
s__Phytoplasma pini
s__Marivirga sp030503855
s__UMGS1613 sp017462455
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944377705
s__Actinomyces sp030530635
s__Leptothrix discophora
s__UBA4055 sp003252515
s__Carboxylicivirga sp025499705
s__JAIXZO01 sp027489535
s__Isoptericola croceus
s__UBA5348 sp012841205
s__JAKAWM01 sp021827285
s__Cellvibrio sp937958105
s__Pseudolysobacter antarcticus
s__Tabrizicola sp013821825
s__RGIG6353 sp017558945
s__Ga0077550 sp019694555
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281365
s__Luteimonas_D sp934541015
s__Rhizobacter sp016735515
s__Arctic95D-9 sp017991025
s__PNNO01 sp013824265
s__RUG11551 sp017557195
s__Oceanicaulis sp022565365
s__RGIG7773 sp934541205
s__JAQYVK01 sp030145585
s__Limimorpha sp937906455
s__CF-120 sp005881425
s__UBA2658 sp029268085
s__CAG-465 sp947169155
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000473045
s__02-FULL-45-10c sp001818705
s__Exiguobacterium sp003331145
s__UBA6345 sp017409005
s__Micrococcus sp030538555
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025408445
s__Occallatibacter sp030038315
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000633395
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029213195
s__UBA1847 sp002685275
s__GCA-002704045 sp002704045
s__Planktophila sp009923805
s__Yoonia sp937132065
s__Sphingomonas sp023806085
s__Alloprevotella sp946055515
s__Albibacterium indicum
s__GWC2-37-14 sp000990355
s__Cognaticolwellia sp024585285
s__Bog-1183 sp013286205
s__Pseudothioclava arenosa
s__Ga0074137 sp016791465
s__Sulfurospirillum sp002328495
s__SXTU01 sp903863315
s__S009-29 sp030950645
s__2-02-FULL-52-10 sp016931055
s__BOG-1363 sp013821615
s__JAUUXD01 sp030588705
s__Nesterenkonia sp019173455
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sinuspersici_B
s__Streptomyces wuyuanensis
s__Pseudohaliea sp913048495
s__Fulvivirga sp002338655
s__Collinsella sp019414365
s__Streptococcus sp024295825
s__CAAEEV01 sp030524475
s__Marivita sp024742575
s__CAG-266 sp949299135
s__Limnohabitans_A sp030053395
s__Sporosarcina sp022346605
s__Nanosyncoccus sp938030585
s__Tous-C4FEB sp947449835
s__JAIBBI01 sp019694755
s__JAJNBL01 sp021156175
s__JAABRB01 sp011391185
s__Caballeronia ptereochthonis
s__GWA2-43-14 sp000999095
s__Methylobacterium sp022829515
s__JAUYVI01 sp030715195
s__SYFI01 sp005788075
s__DAOVXI01 sp030636245
s__JAAZBA01 sp012514045
s__Flavobacterium sp030053345
s__WRFZ01 sp031260235
s__WFXD01 sp021648685
s__Sulfurimonas hydrogeniphila
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp023390695
s__CAG-557 sp944384705
s__Serratia_F sp024793895
s__Corynebacterium avicola
s__Roseomonas_E acroporae
s__Prevotella sp022511045
s__CAJBLF01 sp026397475
s__Mariniblastus sp024638965
s__Streptococcus mitis_BH
s__Amycolatopsis circi
s__JACPGS01 sp016189025
s__Xianfuyuplasma sp000755705
s__RGIG9169 sp017934595
s__CAMLQK01 sp946482285
s__Brocadia sp011525665
s__BM002 sp030601545
s__Acetatifactor sp947627115
s__Enterenecus sp934662925
s__Komarekiella sp015206995
s__CAJCIF01 sp903970355
s__Arthrobacter sp025464925
s__SICG01 sp009691525
s__JAIRMT01 sp031267685
s__Casp-actino5 sp029978335
s__JAEKLB01 sp025463335
s__GCA-2712005 sp030427595
s__JAITGK01 sp031280635
s__Bacillus_CE xiapuensis
s__Novosphingobium sp026672515
s__Sodaliphilus sp017940245
s__RUG472 sp017545535
s__JAJRSS01 sp024278615
s__Bact-11 sp902784965
s__JAFLJP01 sp022712945
s__Brasilonema angustatum
s__UBA4720 sp902812375
s__Arenicella sp937973905
s__Bacteroides_D sp938040915
s__Desnuesiella massiliensis
s__Sporosarcina sp002743055
s__Fibromonas sp031281155
s__Pedobacter sp016429065
s__JAHFHK01 sp023246955
s__Soonwooa sp030151385
s__Chth-196 sp947448395
s__Rhodanobacter sp030947085
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029213025
s__Tepidimonas sediminis
s__UBA1924 sp030149165
s__CAISGS01 sp947484535
s__Scatovivens sp947632835
s__Roseburia sp946055175
s__Muriicola sp013042125
s__Mariniblastus sp938083195
s__CAIODY01 sp903871715
s__Methylopila turkensis
s__UBA5829 sp021372295
s__Paucisalibacillus halotolerans
s__UBA866 sp030908625
s__JAIPIM01 sp021734725
s__JAGPLX01 sp029974695
s__Pelagibacter sp902580945
s__DSLN01 sp902812335
s__Fibrobacter sp017551775
s__Bacillus_BU marasmi
s__Bog-366 sp030040315
s__Egerieousia sp902797115
s__UBA1367 sp017941705
s__Faecousia sp902465435
s__Alistipes sp944321765
s__RUG563 sp017470095
s__JAGQKC01 sp021604265
s__CAJOOW01 sp905236375
s__QHXN01 sp019239425
s__Methylobacterium aquaticum_C
s__JAQUPA01 sp028716825
s__CALMHE01 sp937863865
s__Paracoccus albicereus
s__Akkermansia sp017435365
s__Anabaenopsis elenkinii
s__Cupriavidus sp020618415
s__JACRPF01 sp016214035
s__RGIG423 sp017416055
s__Vreelandella sp007692655
s__SIG714 sp015063395
s__DSDT01 sp011048615
s__JAGNPU01 sp017989485
s__UBA2767 sp021775525
s__SIG495 sp015067795
s__Fluviicola sp946479985
s__UBA2383 sp020445005
s__Avispirillum sp017482495
s__Flavobacterium sp947483095
s__JAEZTC01 sp023397675
s__JAUWXM01 sp030619985
s__M3007 sp014379065
s__Occallatibacter sp030037705
s__JAHBK01 sp019636535
s__Prevotella sp017449675
s__Helicobacter_H anseris_A
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp946479745
s__UBA1565 sp002401485
s__JADFLW01 sp022564195
s__Ventricola sp017484085
s__JACPXR01 sp016196465
s__WRKD01 sp009782975
s__Pontibacter fetidus
s__Colwellia sp913061365
s__Caldatribacterium sp014359405
s__Roseovarius sp937884705
s__Anoxybacillus_A sp023512315
s__Pelagibacter sp902580135
s__UBA8316 sp913020475
s__JAPLSP01 sp026398575
s__Isachenkonia sp003553525
s__Planktomarina sp028822275
s__G958295825 sp951828535
s__JACQLI01 sp016204125
s__Streptosporangium album
s__UBA5518 sp022705125
s__RGIG6097 sp017518445
s__Wenyingzhuangia sp030519655
s__JAQTUZ01 sp028716485
s__SCUS01 sp903860995
s__JAJBBL01 sp020532365
s__Luteimonas_D sp023423235
s__GCA-2704625 sp902623915
s__Aquimarina sp029906345
s__UBA1450 sp016700135
s__Arboricoccus pini
s__JADJNW01 sp016714085
s__Nocardioides astragali
s__JAMJVX01 sp023558315
s__RGIG1681 sp949878595
s__DYOJ01 sp020720705
s__Georhizobium albus
s__UMGS1124 sp947632375
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp001644455
s__Scatovivens sp947601495
s__PHOS-HE28 sp018267055
s__Microvirga rosea
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030447545
s__Rhodoluna sp903893675
s__Streptococcus sp000187745
s__Phaeodactylibacter sp009908745
s__HGM10611 sp017463365
s__Parabacteroides sp011038785
s__JALYTZ01 sp030854025
s__SM23-28-2 sp020356025
s__GWC2-42-12 sp028707005
s__Acinetobacter sp030152605
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902604055
s__Actinacidiphila acidipaludis
s__SZUA-1055 sp030739975
s__Clostridium_J sp002341865
s__Opacimonas sp937125395
s__Alistipes_A sp019422485
s__Tateyamaria pelophila
s__UMGS1696 sp017407225
s__OLB17 sp030372865
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp018970445
s__JAAYKM01 sp019136935
s__Methylocella sp029855125
s__DRKV01 sp020722405
s__Tenacibaculum jejuense
s__Shimia isoporae
s__QHCC01 sp025465405
s__Planktophila sp027486075
s__Pararheinheimera sp020217005
s__Bu92 sp019683875
s__Sporobacter termitidis_A
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp022768785
s__Noviherbaspirillum humi
s__Lacimicrobium alkaliphilum_B
s__Draconibacterium sp947492175
s__CADEEV01 sp902826455
s__Aurantibacter_A sp009649685
s__JACCYI01 sp030773575
s__Limnocylindrus sp937864085
s__C7867-001 sp900299275
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902573045
s__Akkermansia sp947624205
s__Chthoniobacter sp025351065
s__RFOF01 sp009926845
s__JAFLDD01 sp017302575
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947166515
s__SZUA-370 sp029548805
s__Pelagibacter sp902618565
s__UBA6213 sp002421605
s__RGIG1711 sp024402435
s__Comamonas suwonensis
s__Halobacillus_A sp022919835
s__ER46 sp016209255
s__JAIBAD01 sp019695395
s__UBA10329 sp945903645
s__Acetobacterium sp028692885
s__Devosia ginsengisoli_A
s__SCRT01 sp028871525
s__WGBX01 sp015489265
s__Cohnella fermenti
s__JAUZPL01 sp030705955
s__Prevotella sp024680755
s__Albidovulum sp030837825
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009391885
s__Streptacidiphilus sp014084105
s__M30B72 sp018401375
s__Thauera sp029286945
s__Solibacter sp017883355
s__Thermomonas sp029945965
s__JAFAVL01 sp019242465
s__Haemophilus_D sp902481695
s__DP-20 sp005879435
s__Streptomyces sp003311645
s__AP-15 sp945861155
s__Cyanobium_A sp014697415
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp913057255
s__GM7GCV1 sp014323765
s__Mycobacterium sp023264735
s__JAISFX01 sp031263385
s__JAHFFY01 sp023247705
s__DSVR01 sp903925285
s__JAGGVB01 sp021158245
s__UBA2834 sp017531585
s__JABDIZ01 sp013003465
s__Treponema_D sp934667505
s__Phycicoccus sp014763705
s__Mucilaginibacter sp030519375
s__UA16 sp913041135
s__Pandoraea aquatica
s__RGIG8367 sp017828835
s__CALUXS01 sp944324805
s__Collinsella sp937949355
s__JAJFMR01 sp020696915
s__9FT-COMBO-42-15 sp023248415
s__Dokdonia sp947492815
s__UBA11872 sp022824495
s__JAGVMI01 sp020053845
s__Fimisoma sp937900415
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025362355
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017554335
s__Alloalcanivorax marinus_A
s__JAHEDB01 sp024641465
s__Flavobacterium haoranii_A
s__Glutamicibacter sp003486025
s__Pelagibacter sp902610315
s__HIMB114 sp000163555
s__JAEWCC01 sp023459495
s__UBA2163 sp002778715
s__Billgrantia sp020832045
s__JAJQDI01 sp020861095
s__GCF-002259525 sp021804505
s__Lepagella sp014802625
s__JAAZFF01 sp022837245
s__Chersky-265 sp025360005
s__Ventrenecus sp947649355
s__Methylovirgula sp021324915
s__SIG78 sp015061575
s__Shinella pollutisoli
s__Palsa-343 sp003152595
s__Qipengyuania sp947499095
s__UBA966 sp945878575
s__Oscillibacter sp023393155
s__Clostridium beijerinckii_D
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279015
s__CANMQJ01 sp947500005
s__Sulfobacillus thermosulfidooxidans_A
s__JAHFIC01 sp023246555
s__Micropruina sp025972045
s__JAADHS01 sp013151745
s__JAIROO01 sp031257535
s__Bacteroides timonensis
s__SXXZ01 sp903930165
s__UMGS1663 sp948356915
s__Agreia sp947444785
s__UBA1397 sp002305205
s__Neptunochlamydia sp018399075
s__PNOJ01 sp016706845
s__Porcincola sp902803155
s__Pseudoramibacter sp945867155
s__Gallionella sp028687335
s__Buchnera aphidicola_S
s__JAOARQ01 sp025210455
s__Flavobacterium cellulosilyticum
s__CAJOIG01 sp947626345
s__SURF-17 sp003598055
s__Flavobacterium sp016718345
s__Polaribacter sp947495205
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021817875
s__Mycobacterium sp018268465
s__JAQGOT01 sp028293465
s__Caccoplasma_A sp017416695
s__Nioella nitratireducens
s__CACZYB01 sp902785275
s__JAJRTA01 sp030629485
s__JAUVXM01 sp030612445
s__Acidovorax sp011620245
s__Aliagarivorans marinus
s__AG-337-I02 sp902587565
s__Serratia_E symbiotica_A
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp019422065
s__Pedobacter sp920984735
s__Paenibacillus kribbensis_B
s__Blastococcus sp021698975
s__JABDFI01 sp013286595
s__Ulvibacter sp938083445
s__Marinobacter sp008107725
s__Enterousia sp017505705
s__UBA2780 sp002352345
s__JAHISH01 sp018818365
s__UBA636 sp024684175
s__Shewanella sp022410515
s__Dysosmobacter sp028693505
s__S5133MH16 sp030601485
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902522955
s__Larkinella terrae
s__JARFUL01 sp029289015
s__Arthrobacter sp001512285
s__Streptomyces marispadix
s__UBA3402 sp947089145
s__UBA5550 sp002425885
s__Phyllobacterium myrsinacearum_A
s__JAGORL01 sp030916555
s__Aristaeella sp017526525
s__BQJU01 sp021604865
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_D
s__Nanogingivalis sp013333405
s__Hanstruepera neustonica
s__Luteibacter sp014192715
s__SZUA-226 sp003229345
s__JAISTZ01 sp031272345
s__Buchnera aphidicola_E
s__JAGNEZ01 sp022711465
s__GWA2-35-9 sp000991185
s__JAHEXY01 sp023251875
s__UBA2336 sp023151255
s__Aerococcus sp022768285
s__Ohtaekwangia sp023431285
s__REEB67 sp018971775
s__JANQSF01 sp028284155
s__Roseovarius albus
s__Gemmobacter sp016792925
s__2-01-FULL-45-18 sp001779915
s__Hungatella sp959018155
s__Sphingomonas faeni_A
s__UBA1217 sp946613135
s__JAGVKY01 sp020050175
s__Vibrio cincinnatiensis_A
s__Anaerobutyricum sp022764265
s__UBA3402 sp947624815
s__Ilumatobacter_A coccineus
s__Dyadobacter sp021390335
s__UBA8987 sp003531345
s__Bilifractor sp902795835
s__RUG14186 sp017613995
s__JAPLSQ01 sp026398535
s__UBA1140 sp022600655
s__CAJXNI01 sp913057235
s__JAAYPW01 sp012519615
s__Bifidobacterium castoris
s__DSWT01 sp019873725
s__Parasulfuritortus sp013335435
s__Pseudobdellovibrio exovorus
s__JALYSK01 sp030854805
s__JAGNWK01 sp017985985
s__UBA1258 sp017544835
s__Treponema_D sp946538875
s__CAIKUF01 sp016702655
s__DUEH01 sp011192195
s__Mycobacterium sp025965895
s__RUG14109 sp902795765
s__S016-85 sp026987225
s__UBA11524 sp015056325
s__Intestinimonas sp026169115
s__Didemnitutus sp016187925
s__JAGVKL01 sp020050595
s__Chersky-265 sp028287465
s__Pelagibacter sp902558795
s__Novisyntrophococcus sp946412445
s__Dietzia intestinipullorum
s__Succiniclasticum sp905235335
s__Fibrobacter sp947306025
s__Desulfosporosinus lacus
s__Scatosoma sp015055655
s__MWCH01 sp002069945
s__Enteromonas sp902464635
s__Alkaliphilus_B sp018141165
s__SZAS-79 sp947482825
s__UMGS882 sp017613815
s__Novosphingobium olei
s__Sinomicrobium pectinilyticum
s__JACZRM01 sp022576105
s__SLFH01 sp020831775
s__Metabacillus crassostreae
s__Onthousia sp944373065
s__Pelagibacter sp937897125
s__RUG12438 sp902779035
s__Geothrix sp031292655
s__Flavobacterium sp000744835
s__Cohnella nanjingensis
s__Denitrovibrio acetiphilus
s__JAAZVD01 sp018623785
s__Nitrococcus sp030433275
s__Sulfurovum sp027012955
s__JAQUSX01 sp028710055
s__JABEUX01 sp021784715
s__Lacisediminimonas profundi
s__Sulfurovum sp027083075
s__Streptomyces zagrosensis
s__Microbacterium sp025989145
s__JAADDG01 sp027009865
s__CAG-115 sp937893735
s__Tenacibaculum sp947494125
s__Elainella sp949127695
s__Yoonia vestfoldensis
s__JAAEKA01 sp021463315
s__Allobranchiibius sp030853805
s__Faecousia sp905235655
s__Rubinisphaera sp020426065
s__QIAJ01 sp030038475
s__Chryseobacterium sp019970065
s__JADLBH01 sp020847855
s__Palsa-187 sp030775415
s__Pseudoroseomonas aestuarii
s__JACQAR01 sp016194825
s__HGM11525 sp018384175
s__Collimonas silvisoli
s__Cypionkella sp013298675
s__JALGVN01 sp025774645
s__KM106-2 sp023435505
s__PEYW01 sp002774225
s__Streptococcus sp030217725
s__Allonocardiopsis opalescens
s__Gallaecimonas xiamenensis
s__Bulleidia sp902761625
s__Tannerella sp031283915
s__Microbacterium sp001897945
s__Boseongicola sp938016355
s__JAGVUD01 sp019136435
s__Neorhizobium sp027483885
s__GCA-2704625 sp902566925
s__Planktophila sp947490845
s__N075bin62 sp022571255
s__Thermochlorobacter aerophilum
s__GCA-2737595 sp026393015
s__Weissella sp031289615
s__Microbacterium oleivorans_D
s__CAZU01 sp944391685
s__Paraburkholderia dinghuensis
s__JAJDVC01 sp022826305
s__Fimihabitans sp944331895
s__JACKKV01 sp030830695
s__CAG-390 sp017387685
s__Aquifex sp003978875
s__Pseudofrankia sp001854805
s__Lysinibacillus_B sp031181585
s__Phyllobacterium sp028331445
s__AC2028 sp946631295
s__Telluria arenosa
s__UBA1219 sp016283745
s__F1-80-MAGs062 sp020426345
s__Zeimonas sp001724315
s__Paucibacter_A oligotrophus
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903821975
s__Thermoanaerobacter sp000445185
s__Undibacterium sp014376575
s__Limivicinus sp946184165
s__JACKEQ01 sp020632875
s__UBA6803 sp030612165
s__DROE01 sp026981645
s__Onthoplasma sp017505165
s__Tenderia sp024276775
s__HLUCCA01 sp001314545
s__JAUNKE01 sp030532705
s__Limivicinus sp947167435
s__NK4A144 sp905235585
s__JAFGPZ01 sp030603465
s__Planctobacterium marinum
s__UBA7173 sp938027385
s__Site-B15 sp013042715
s__Pelagibacter sp902564565
s__RGIG3732 sp017501205
s__CAJQHK01 sp020054695
s__JAIVJE01 sp020200195
s__SSC4 sp013693795
s__JAIFKL01 sp020049595
s__Macrococcus carouselicus
s__Fimenecus sp937898625
s__SFDP01 sp017558205
s__Dyadobacter sp023667495
s__Caballeronia sp029439455
s__UMGS1663 sp944386335
s__RGIG7389 sp017559185
s__Tabrizicola sp027489355
s__SZUA-37 sp027001895
s__Prevotella sp900113305
s__C7867-002 sp023264475
s__UBA9845 sp946615295
s__Desulfovibrio sp017455745
s__Pelagibacter sp902628275
s__JABHOV01 sp018695135
s__Sphaerisporangium fuscum
s__JACRCY01 sp016218785
s__WRFJ01 sp009778865
s__Sphingomonas sp012927115
s__Alicyclobacillus fastidiosus_A
s__CALRFE01 sp943356425
s__GCA-016700155 sp016700155
s__RGIG9113 sp017935625
s__Streptomyces aculeolatus
s__DAIDIY01 sp027451625
s__LD21 sp003155705
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp030855265
s__Lutimonas sp030626795
s__Frigididesulfovibrio cuneatus
s__Neolewinella sp003390935
s__VBCG01 sp018241785
s__RGIG3528 sp016287765
s__Gracilibacillus sp010993965
s__Aedoeadaptatus sp023393815
s__SZUA-371 sp003246475
s__CAG-269 sp947627935
s__Pelagibacter sp902521805
s__Sideroxyarcus sp030651895
s__MED-G10 sp902590895
s__Anaerobutyricum sp946538445
s__Caccovivens sp946484195
s__Bact-11 sp017548335
s__CANPXH01 sp947585865
s__51-20 sp902489795
s__JAKIYU01 sp022708385
s__Desulfurobacterium sp913055135
s__JAHEZL01 sp023251075
s__Dorea_A sp934295165
s__UBA7177 sp002491225
s__JAMCQQ01 sp023379515
s__Brevundimonas sp016463485
s__Prevotella sp016284635
s__Frigidibacter sp030695035
s__Stercorousia sp902772945
s__RPQV01 sp003818595
s__IDS-52 sp020344755
s__Chitinophaga polysaccharea_B
s__UBA2270 sp026388715
s__Neobacillus sp030403775
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017534745
s__JAHCJQ01 sp026126215
s__CAILLX01 sp903835185
s__JAUIIY01 sp030431375
s__Lutibacter sp014859175
s__Rosenbergiella ptyseos_A
s__SIG701 sp017502135
s__Faecousia sp020025535
s__CAJQQY01 sp023301005
s__JAUWWU01 sp030616695
s__Marmoricola sp937868075
s__JAEWSN01 sp025361665
s__UBA6147 sp002423185
s__Salibacter sp913056155
s__JAMCWL01 sp023481285
s__Collinsella sp900543595
s__WTGU01 sp028819955
s__SPJN01 sp006844605
s__Thermosulfurimonas dismutans
s__CAG-269 sp946401865
s__Enterenecus sp949742895
s__VRUE01 sp030152505
s__CALNBE01 sp031284845
s__CALETH01 sp937920105
s__UBA5704 sp002420005
s__YIM-78166 sp004522215
s__UBA3282 sp014804615
s__PSRF01 sp946480785
s__Microbacterium bovistercoris
s__B8-G9 sp003647765
s__JACROE01 sp016214565
s__NP-7 sp005882275
s__JAISJY01 sp031261365
s__Litoreibacter sp947492995
s__Aquella sp947446595
s__Rhizomicrobium sp902825865
s__Casp-actino5 sp030828465
s__Stammera capleta_D
s__Alkalimonas amylolytica
s__UBA11490 sp934757825
s__Spiroplasma_A floricola
s__Gracilibacillus sp029268495
s__Lysobacter capsici_A
s__JAJYNT01 sp021806765
s__Ferdinandcohnia sp003400205
s__SM23-42 sp014859085
s__Rubrobacter_D sp902805985
s__Kineococcus aurantiacus
s__Hyphomonas sp022844445
s__JAAYSF01 sp012523975
s__Lutibacter sp024635575
s__Actinobacillus_C sp020026055
s__Scatosoma sp015055615
s__JAIVHO01 sp020201035
s__JABIRQ01 sp027619995
s__Prevotella sp024688365
s__Howiella sp019417145
s__UBA3439 sp902583715
s__NHYM01 sp934668765
s__Stenotrophomonas sp023439425
s__Algisphaera agarilytica
s__Rhodococcus sp004328705
s__Nocardia grenadensis
s__SZUA-584 sp012719815
s__JADKJP01 sp937871435
s__JACPDH01 sp016184115
s__JAICEW01 sp025923995
s__CADCVQ01 sp030690545
s__Caccenecus sp947565485
s__Lepagella sp022509085
s__Rhizorhabdus sp900101455
s__UBA5976 sp903907835
s__JACQAB01 sp028278105
s__CAIXZV01 sp025935655
s__UBA6251 sp002441285
s__JAFGDO01 sp016932045
s__JACQGW01 sp016199325
s__JAGLTZ01 sp030604325
s__Ohtaekwangia sp002432545
s__JAEZOG01 sp023435965
s__JAHDGP01 sp937927195
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp001469215
s__Cryobacterium sp002929825
s__UMGS1663 sp958417695
s__AWTP1-35 sp023450775
s__JACRNJ01 sp016200645
s__JAIRMY01 sp031255655
s__Enterovibrio marinus
s__Fictibacillus norfolkensis
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902767385
s__Salinisphaera sp002729955
s__JAHEYX01 sp023251415
s__GCA-2402195 sp029251475
s__BRH-c0 sp000961645
s__M3007 sp016716135
s__Pseudomonas_E batumici
s__Collinsella urealyticum
s__JACCRA01 sp030859285
s__UBA3680 sp017444985
s__Sandaracinobacteroides_A saxicola
s__JAQTXJ01 sp028688815
s__Sphingomonas gei
s__Lacticaseibacillus baoqingensis
s__UBA2450 sp902800355
s__UBA1020 sp030431855
s__UBA12478 sp013204385
s__FMMP01 sp900095725
s__QHVH01 sp023265195
s__DUPX01 sp012838085
s__Zymogenus saltonus
s__JAHDHU01 sp020627705
s__Saccharomonospora cyanea
s__Rifleibacterium sp001787855
s__Deinococcus aquiradiocola
s__Sulfurospirillum arsenophilum
s__PNKF01 sp902825965
s__Arctic95D-9 sp007123695
s__UBA8133 sp003509805
s__HTCC2207 sp023255165
s__RBG-16-64-43 sp001796965
s__Limoniibacter endophyticus
s__WQYJ01 sp009781325
s__UBA6187 sp002422795
s__JADJLZ01 sp016709875
s__Cellulomonas sp023389455
s__Merdicola sp944393275
s__Croceibacterium xixiisoli
s__AG-422-B15 sp902564295
s__Brevibacterium sp021532275
s__T78 sp002435825
s__TMED88 sp029268645
s__Tenebribacter mawsonii
s__CCY15215 sp017746715
s__Mucilaginibacter mali
s__Sphingomonas sp001426195
s__Lutibacter sp015767395
s__UBA2565 sp002340265
s__Duncaniella sp022511285
s__OLB19 sp021731405
s__CAG-115 sp017465665
s__JAHFJA01 sp023246095
s__Streptomyces fructofermentans
s__Bythopirellula sp024278955
s__JAUWQI01 sp030611085
s__Sphingomonas_O sp028289885
s__JALYYC01 sp030948145
s__RGIG8773 sp947383835
s__SABY01 sp029939965
s__UBA4951 sp902800255
s__UBA5609 sp017992765
s__JACOZU01 sp016181165
s__Collinsella sp937969105
s__SICC01 sp009694835
s__CAZU01 sp017501665
s__Methyloprofundus sp019721995
s__UBA2112 sp023260255
s__Lepagella sp014867205
s__JAEPMR01 sp017643845
s__T1Sed10-97 sp003553245
s__Lacunisphaera sp023433275
s__Corynebacterium occultum
s__JAFGLW01 sp016927905
s__2-01-FULL-45-10-A sp001804165
s__Nitrosomonas sp902826915
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp937924475
s__Chitinophaga oryziterrae
s__Arachnia antarctica
s__Corynebacterium maris
s__Maritalea mobilis
s__CAG-411 sp017399885
s__Jannaschia sp947494145
s__Ruminococcus sp946413815
s__JABUFB01 sp013314775
s__CAG-1000 sp934096785
s__ELB16-189 sp019638355
s__JACTTX01 sp015661005
s__REEB460 sp018970025
s__CAG-1782 sp017476265
s__Anaerococcus sp937934665
s__Clostridium sp012843905
s__JACCWM01 sp013697635
s__SIG622 sp015065225
s__UBA4951 sp949298195
s__Pseudonocardia cypriaca
s__JABGRG01 sp016776725
s__JAGQZY01 sp020435205
s__HIMB30 sp008087055
s__Sulfuriferula sp022736605
s__CAG-390 sp017522125
s__Salipiger mucosus
s__UBA8639 sp003235785
s__PALSA-1003 sp030948365
s__Firm-16 sp017615755
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937875905
s__S144-17 sp027025395
s__Marivita sp020055675
s__Roseococcus sp022843345
s__Caldimonas brevitalea
s__Rugosibacter sp002842395
s__Halobacteriovorax_A sp000447775
s__Oceanobacter penaei
s__JAUYIZ01 sp030688615
s__Sphingomonas sp900114095
s__CALISC01 sp938041945
s__JADJGJ01 sp016192075
s__Bacillus stratosphericus_B
s__JACPKL01 sp016187035
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210275
s__Desulfurella sp023256235
s__JAENVV01 sp024641305
s__Thiopseudomonas sp012719655
s__NORP110 sp019090845
s__Achromobacter pestifer
s__JAJUJM01 sp029265315
s__M1803 sp006226595
s__JACCXC01 sp013697275
s__Prevotella sp016291915
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016281435
s__CAG-269 sp934167755
s__UBA12223 sp002937495
s__PCRC01 sp945952465
s__Fimbriimonas sp031292555
s__RGIG7179 sp029219125
s__TMED144 sp902615915
s__Rothia nasimurium_H
s__CAG-964 sp902773265
s__Pelagibacter sp902569415
s__CALVUJ01 sp934101685
s__SP4073 sp902523675
s__Pelagibacter sp902622245
s__JAGVKI01 sp020049775
s__Nitrosomonas sp005779435
s__SCMT01 sp019634715
s__Endomicrobium sp009782015
s__Poseidonibacter sp938084175
s__RUG14891 sp030531695
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp946886975
s__JANQLT01 sp028280455
s__Sphingobium sufflavum
s__Thermoleophilum album
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp023436685
s__CALGNM01 sp937958665
s__Sulfurovum sp027066595
s__Pelagibacter sp902584685
s__JALZWD01 sp937931795
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003050835
s__Tangfeifania sp018400515
s__UBA1924 sp016763115
s__Jannaschia marina
s__Ruegeria sp017743975
s__Novosphingobium sp001295795
s__WRFZ01 sp031271125
s__Mucilaginibacter sp024808665
s__JAOACW01 sp026417625
s__Luteimonas_C sp902825775
s__Sediminispirochaeta bajacaliforniensis
s__CAJAXB01 sp943353855
s__UBA6448 sp015059305
s__Streptococcus mitis_J
s__PNNN01 sp013824245
s__Cohnella abietis
s__JABMPQ01 sp013202585
s__Arthrobacter sp030063285
s__NHYM01 sp944323885
s__Prevotella sp946186505
s__Sphingomonas palmae
s__Klugiella xanthotipulae
s__CALZJD01 sp947258735
s__UBA1573 sp020442425
s__Aristaeella sp030536295
s__GCA-2402195 sp024236375
s__Anaerobutyricum sp946630645
s__Stappia sp002709505
s__JAJFKX01 sp021772985
s__JAIRTF01 sp031278675
s__Kitasatospora cheerisanensis
s__Kistimonas sp002084115
s__CAKOLD01 sp947625005
s__Devosia_A sp015657675
s__CAG-269 sp947625665
s__UBA9644 sp016183225
s__Spirosoma lacussanchae
s__Dactylopiibacterium sp031119555
s__Pelagibacter sp902515195
s__Mycobacterium sp001667015
s__JACPPQ01 sp016190925
s__JADKFV01 sp016714535
s__Gallionella sp030690245
s__FEB-12 sp003105265
s__UBA6857 sp017517865
s__Devosia chinhatensis
s__T78 sp011620505
s__Cellvibrio sp005801205
s__Terrimonas ferruginea
s__Corynebacterium epidermidicanis
s__JAAAPF01 sp028279345
s__PLZL01 sp003152145
s__Bradyrhizobium erythrophlei_A
s__UBA3766 sp015056945
s__Westeberhardia cardiocondylae_C
s__CANJOT01 sp947475815
s__Rhodoluna sp903880095
s__Anaerobutyricum sp028721415
s__JAKACX01 sp021821225
s__64-32 sp021159405
s__JACRIN01 sp020847695
s__CAIXXC01 sp903897565
s__UBA2705 sp030147745
s__JAAUTZ01 sp937967405
s__JAITGM01 sp031280685
s__JAFIHG01 sp017848795
s__Scatosoma sp017462505
s__Corallococcus sp023424585
s__Acutalibacter sp947567585
s__PALSA-1004 sp025363575
s__DG-74-1 sp001303125
s__Contubernalis alkalaceticum
s__JAITAD01 sp031288175
s__JACCQS01 sp030860305
s__VGFA01 sp030018905
s__JAJAZB01 sp026785975
s__UBA9732 sp024405015
s__JALWLM01 sp027084145
s__Thermomonas sp011302915
s__Pseudoruegeria sp947498155
s__JALLOO01 sp027717985
s__JAAYOI01 sp012520435
s__Streptococcus sp900104285
s__Tichowtungia sp002423675
s__JCM-19058 sp001310555
s__Ferrovibrio sp017994015
s__JADMJV01 sp018266105
s__UBA4427 sp030432735
s__Bulleidia sp017543025
s__Marinomonas sp000153025
s__RGIG3141 sp017440405
s__Microbacterium timonense
s__CAMQYB01 sp947039055
s__GCA-002793235 sp029262915
s__JAUPVU01 sp030916925
s__Lusitaniella coriacea
s__Rossellomorea sp903645295
s__JAFBAD01 sp019247975
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp947493455
s__Pseudohoeflea sp002709005
s__Lentibacillus_B saliphilus
s__Pelethosoma sp021771185
s__JABLXM01 sp013177815
s__Huintestinicola sp945835085
s__Cellulophaga fucicola
s__Scatolibacter rhodanostii
s__QZKY01 sp003605115
s__Anthropogastromicrobium sp017472605
s__Sulfurimonas sp027068455
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947625305
s__Xenorhabdus sp028598745
s__Tepidiforma flava
s__UBA3282 sp947626745
s__Streptomyces lanatus
s__W425 sp011192005
s__Streptomyces qaidamensis
s__GCA-2786165 sp903885895
s__Bact-11 sp024398365
s__UMGS1613 sp947624135
s__JACVXV01 sp015661205
s__JAUSEB01 sp030650495
s__JACPGP01 sp016182425
s__Methylobacterium sp022829545
s__JAIMAE01 sp023512105
s__TK10-74A sp026707335
s__Leadbettera sp031269405
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881905
s__Methylotenera sp029945705
s__CAG-488 sp024404095
s__Nostoc sp017115085
s__JACRBM01 sp016219275
s__UBA10281 sp945835865
s__Suicoccus acidiformans
s__Cetobacterium_A sp934085975
s__J016 sp003696105
s__JANYKD01 sp025361735
s__Bernardetia sp937136415
s__GUT77 sp031281485
s__Wujia sp934318045
s__JACPFJ01 sp016182975
s__Hydrogenophaga sp006227785
s__UBA1847 sp947259285
s__JAENWH01 sp016650135
s__JACPXN01 sp030650275
s__UBA7960 sp003451785
s__JAAFIM01 sp013297745
s__Chlorobium_A sp028277485
s__Scatosoma sp015069525
s__Fructilactobacillus myrtifloralis
s__CANTXF01 sp947853665
s__JAUVKC01 sp030592165
s__Aeromicrobium sp001425755
s__JAKLIR01 sp022709505
s__Hymenobacter artigasi
s__JAGLCH01 sp023146355
s__JANZZP01 sp026419335
s__Marmoricola sp001424755
s__UBA4416 sp002390745
s__RGIG3925 sp024404655
s__REEB431 sp018970625
s__Collimonas sp900111995
s__JAQGMJ01 sp028292405
s__Caballeronia sordidicola_A
s__CAMFLK01 sp945957135
s__C7867-001 sp001781625
s__M55B157 sp017857875
s__UBA9926 sp023261215
s__Veillonella sp934202215
s__Halanaerobium sp003070825
s__SCMT01 sp020852215
s__JAEUKA01 sp016794465
s__RUG14156 sp934675685
s__Emergencia sp937894585
s__Salinisphaera sp003177035
s__Psychrobacter sp012270355
s__Phenylobacterium sp004799545
s__Paludibacter sp001873635
s__PGYU01 sp023957315
s__JAHBXL01 sp023412695
s__CACEWU01 sp902563335
s__Gordonia phthalatica
s__JAGMCF01 sp030628975
s__Pelagibacter sp902517735
s__JAHCLG01 sp026125385
s__CADDZF01 sp902812445
s__JAUICD01 sp030427965
s__DSSM01 sp937983305
s__Tabrizicola flagellata
s__UBA8525 sp002839355
s__Collinsella sp031292915
s__JACZSK01 sp022574255
s__QZKS01 sp945870015
s__Desulfolucanica intricata
s__C7867-006 sp023267045
s__O2-12-FULL-59-9 sp016206405
s__Bacteroides ovatus_A
s__UBA5951 sp902625725
s__JAKAJP01 sp021824915
s__Marinobacter sp014859525
s__GWA2-32-17 sp002771395
s__JAUWJC01 sp030607895
s__Gillisia sp002364325
s__Thiocapsa rosea
s__Pedobacter aquatilis
s__MGBC108787 sp947631105
s__SURF-15 sp003599475
s__UBA1774 sp002314635
s__PFJX01 sp016873935
s__Chryseobacterium sp000737715
s__Mesorhizobium_A sp019635735
s__JACFMY01 sp019455155
s__SLJS01 sp007135015
s__JAADGR01 sp013152225
s__Alistipes sp017381935
s__Chloroflexus sp937129525
s__Elioraea thermophila
s__UBA8522 sp003524335
s__SKHV01 sp027858145
s__Trichormus sp013393945
s__GCA-2401635 sp027018935
s__CAG-349 sp934254835
s__Planktophila sp027488575
s__SSF26 sp029782215
s__2-01-FULL-50-24 sp001804225
s__JACQGO01 sp016199485
s__HIMB11 sp022424725
s__MVRV01 sp025361065
s__Spirillospora darangshiensis
s__JAISFT01 sp031278715
s__Canibacter sp030523945
s__JABFRC01 sp013141375
s__Marortus sp027257955
s__Streptococcus mitis_CY
s__JAIRKX01 sp031257455
s__Brevefilum sp002452315
s__Egerieousia sp946545765
s__JALWEZ01 sp027039165
s__Curtobacterium sp900101675
s__GCA-002841655 sp028692765
s__GCA-002704185 sp902588515
s__Aquirufa sp030833145
s__JAGQWW01 sp937967625
s__CAG-724 sp934394585
s__SKVJ01 sp030603265
s__Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans_B
s__JARRAF01 sp030129945
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030535695
s__Allorhizobium vitis_E
s__Vibrio ichthyoenteri
s__Firm-13 sp023397475
s__JANWIO01 sp025449835
s__Streptomyces triticiradicis
s__SZAS-103 sp018242485
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_J
s__BOG-931 sp030037105
s__Scybalocola sp902489925
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003225005
s__Sphingomicrobium sp902806265
s__Paraglaciecola sp021532655
s__VAUL01 sp023701265
s__MGBC122484 sp947647475
s__Desulfobulbus_C sp015486315
s__UBA6182 sp027449005
s__SZUA-100 sp024280375
s__Algoriphagus sp024642405
s__Cupriavidus sp001652915
s__Mesorhizobium qingshengii
s__JAJKIP01 sp021154405
s__JAILEN01 sp946611525
s__Sphingomonas sp913776855
s__Streptomyces sp013055795
s__UMGS1109 sp017411715
s__Draconibacterium sp026671195
s__RUG099 sp902775345
s__JAJDOD01 sp937924905
s__Curvivirga aplysinae
s__SHUZ01 sp009694415
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_J
s__Sphingomonas sp025548555
s__MVZN01 sp017998475
s__Eubacterium_I sp934295145
s__Agrococcus terreus
s__JAKQDH01 sp029558835
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicacearum_G
s__NP-7 sp005883865
s__Thiothrix fructosivorans
s__Flavobacterium sp019702945
s__Pseudoroseomonas sp016107285
s__UMGS1994 sp947628215
s__JAUVYQ01 sp030601745
s__S141-66 sp027065555
s__JAJBTS01 sp031256015
s__RDZE01 sp004293905
s__JAKAPL01 sp027451705
s__Marivirga tractuosa
s__HIMB59 sp902616855
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_K
s__PNKZ01 sp016793115
s__MGBC100798 sp947037025
s__OMII01 sp017853605
s__Pelagibacter sp902561015
s__JAGRMV01 sp020434345
s__Qingrenia sp022769845
s__UBA6984 sp934717745
s__Novosphingobium sp019510335
s__W0P33-017 sp017623885
s__Rhizobium sp000292525
s__DYQA01 sp020719605
s__Cellulophaga sp009797025
s__Herminiimonas sp002384815
s__Sulfitobacter sp025141935
s__JAHBTB01 sp019638795
s__UBA1258 sp016283275
s__JAIFMU01 sp020726425
s__RUG11867 sp949439935
s__Streptantibioticus sp019243445
s__Thauera sp018240585
s__UBA8639 sp009377845
s__UBA965 sp947462525
s__Limimorpha sp017616735
s__Haloimpatiens sp000744935
s__JACPGX01 sp030648815
s__Ch61 sp013314715
s__Sutcliffiella_A horikoshii_A
s__BPJC01 sp026004435
s__CAKTAA01 sp019415985
s__Arthrobacter sp900168135
s__JABZFP01 sp030065275
s__QNZT01 sp026994915
s__Collinsella sp902495945
s__Wigglesworthia glossinidia_C
s__JAUQZZ01 sp030586765
s__JAEUKH01 sp016792845
s__UBA8517 sp027327685
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp001917735
s__Sphaerisporangium album
s__Geodermatophilus bullaregiensis
s__Limiplasma sp934621485
s__UBA3077 sp002402045
s__Nocardioides sambongensis
s__RGIG7300 sp015063855
s__JALRIJ01 sp029865665
s__UBA2030 sp937981455
s__G020350845 sp020350845
s__MED-G16 sp913052485
s__Hylemonella sp947374105
s__Corynebacterium sp030232585
s__Brachythrix odensensis
s__NHYM01 sp017508245
s__Qipengyuania sp003248395
s__Faecousia sp937890525
s__JACKIB01 sp020638695
s__Aquisalibacillus elongatus
s__2-01-FULL-49-14 sp001816915
s__Streptococcus sp002355895
s__Microbacterium sp950097975
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp022690765
s__CADEEZ01 sp902826485
s__JAAYEB01 sp012728995
s__Polynucleobacter sp027486025
s__Hymenobacter sp022921095
s__JAADIE01 sp013151495
s__JASLIL01 sp030152145
s__Comamonas_F wautersii_A
s__Prevotella sp016291495
s__CAIUKX01 sp947375085
s__CANQSA01 sp947625465
s__Schaedlerella sp020024595
s__Chryseobacterium sp030816115
s__Algibacter sp009796825
s__Shewanella sp009663145
s__W3P20-009 sp024401295
s__UBA7446 sp949487855
s__JAAUQQ01 sp937949725
s__JACPNS01 sp016213645
s__Bradyrhizobium jicamae
s__Alkalimonas collagenimarina
s__Pannonibacter carbonis
s__Calidifontimicrobium sp938022295
s__Nodosilinea sp014697375
s__RS62 sp030726195
s__Marinobacter sp017301335
s__Malacoplasma_A sp949500635
s__Coprosoma sp944371685
s__Mycobacterium sp025965815
s__JAITVM01 sp031285815
s__Prevotella sp937889855
s__Sulfurimonas sp027011725
s__Cetobacterium_A sp949293295
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003525885
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948944455
s__Oribacterium sp002007235
s__Edaphobacillus cecembensis_B
s__RHKX01 sp020438445
s__JAUNQW01 sp030535975
s__Alistipes sp017501025
s__Limnohabitans_A sp024642215
s__CAG-269 sp934130705
s__Cocleimonas sp938041705
s__CAIUKV01 sp016870595
s__RUG11420 sp902773285
s__UBA9715 sp946618265
s__CAIYGI01 sp025360745
s__Phaeocystidibacter sp013373425
s__Photobacterium proteolyticum
s__S015-18 sp027024625
s__Planktophila sp021741905
s__Halovulum dunhuangense
s__Rugamonas_A apoptosis
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp022508425
s__JJ008 sp005789565
s__Prevotella sp905233825
s__Hymenobacter sp025353745
s__JAGOSC01 sp020429915
s__Urechidicola sp938018045
s__JAABTH01 sp011389985
s__Limimorpha sp016291135
s__Magnetofaba australis
s__TCS56 sp001577055
s__JAUWNS01 sp030612485
s__Lentibacter sp003417655
s__Polaromonas sp025362315
s__Aerococcus sp003797145
s__Perlucidibaca sp023265995
s__Granulicatella elegans_A
s__Paraglaciecola sp009796765
s__JACPUC01 sp016192455
s__Corynebacterium sp012838985
s__UBA3792 sp947302865
s__JAAYSJ01 sp012518395
s__Rheinheimera hassiensis
s__GCA-002718655 sp002718655
s__Sulfuritalea sp021413665
s__RUG572 sp946401765
s__UBA10151 sp016184225
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031264325
s__HGM11368 sp945992255
s__Dictyoglomus sp028276205
s__Roseivirga sp021404565
s__Gallimonas sp947588985
s__HGM04593 sp017383665
s__Lentibacillus lipolyticus
s__Pelagibacter sp902513415
s__CALKUP01 sp937996685
s__Methylocella silvestris
s__Flavobacterium sp001427905
s__Neorhizobium lemnae
s__Reyranella sp023416135
s__SIG488 sp015067925
s__JAUVPB01 sp030624785
s__Cognatishimia sp947498415
s__Lactiplantibacillus sp002970935
s__WGLT01 sp016125425
s__LD21 sp019429325
s__Pseudomonas_E endophytica
s__Limivicinus sp949294945
s__Enterousia sp017503725
s__JAAYSX01 sp012518255
s__Luteolibacter sp026625605
s__Chth-196 sp945883955
s__DUNI01 sp012837285
s__Scatousia sp949294395
s__Pseudoalteromonas xiamenensis_A
s__BS750m-G57 sp018645065
s__Amycolatopsis orientalis_D
s__Bog-1340 sp903868205
s__JAOLAV01 sp028338895
s__JAQWBS01 sp028706255
s__RUG12999 sp017396395
s__CACLCV01 sp019651095
s__RUG13077 sp902785485
s__UBA3792 sp017514685
s__JADCGM01 sp020249025
s__GCA-2733885 sp024280035
s__UBA1754 sp002315615
s__AV69 sp003219095
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902624195
s__Caccoplasma sp947625885
s__RUG714 sp017512465
s__BNWE01 sp031267415
s__Klenkia marina
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius_I
s__Levilactobacillus yonginensis
s__GCA-2702065 sp002702065
s__Roseibium sp001624695
s__CALFCE01 sp937951215
s__JAKFWO01 sp021731815
s__Caccovivens sp947625515
s__SHLJ01 sp013042825
s__JG1575 sp012511315
s__Thalassobius litoralis
s__Afipia massiliensis_A
s__RGIG1931 sp017414565
s__Opacimonas sp024300645
s__RUG13409 sp902788795
s__Sphingobacterium sp900163865
s__Malacoplasma sp021444005
s__CAG-417 sp017941235
s__UBA6987 sp017394885
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp945932505
s__REEE01 sp007695245
s__JAGRHX01 sp020444775
s__Syntrophotalea_A sp030613545
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp026415995
s__Treponema sp905373565
s__JACQXE01 sp016208915
s__Octadecabacter sp028825445
s__Paenibacillus_A sp002439285
s__Actinomycetospora endophytica
s__JASJDJ01 sp030065635
s__CANJKM01 sp947474805
s__UBA1259 sp017399035
s__UBA12158 sp022837635
s__Pelagibacter sp902591025
s__CADEEN01 sp902826345
s__CAG-115 sp946567425
s__R2A130 sp028817895
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017431725
s__RUG14903 sp902803795
s__UBA12170 sp021158405
s__Cloacimonas sp002428685
s__PALSA-1081 sp003153555
s__Wolbachia sp936270145
s__Aromatoleum sp000349945
s__JADKBO01 sp937870795
s__DAHVXO01 sp027356675
s__Arthrobacter sp029960645
s__JALLOO01 sp027718005
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902622705
s__Labedella sp934636065
s__UBA646 sp030642335
s__JADMII01 sp028872875
s__Psychrobacter piechaudii
s__UBA5072 sp029268165
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_C
s__Reichenbachiella faecimaris
s__RUG626 sp947628265
s__RUG11894 sp017619985
s__PCC-6802 sp000332175
s__Scatoplasma sp022652945
s__JAQSXL01 sp029256685
s__Eubacterium_R sp946637545
s__Nanosyncoccus sp015257485
s__JAOTST01 sp029864785
s__JACJYZ01 sp020435415
s__Faecousia sp934636045
s__Asaia sp003994335
s__GCA-020346225 sp020348905
s__JAFGFW01 sp016930875
s__Inmirania thermothiophila
s__Prevotella sp946539635
s__Bact-11 sp029567375
s__Planococcus sp028823615
s__Neorhizobium xiangyangii
s__JAGVLS01 sp020054205
s__Priestia iocasae
s__Campylobacter_B sp938030785
s__RGIG4074 sp017508105
s__Lawsonibacter phocaeensis_A
s__CAKZML01 sp937128475
s__Modestobacter sp026967795
s__RBG-13-39-12 sp001805125
s__Nocardiopsis sp030271535
s__Ferruginibacter sp016721385
s__RGIG2220 sp017407305
s__GCA-2753745 sp015232565
s__Collinsella sp902462065
s__Sphingomonas_I nostoxanthinifaciens
s__Allosphingosinicella sp023423775
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp026393975
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003935425
s__UBA4658 sp019750095
s__SZUA-55 sp003232855
s__Steroidobacter_A sp023391815
s__Avimonas sp946499275
s__Thermovenabulum gondwanense
s__Pedobacter fastidiosus
s__Microcella sp002423075
s__Prevotella sp023425865
s__JAIMBK01 sp023511535
s__Naasia lichenicola
s__Micromonospora sp009707425
s__Lentiprolixibacter aurantiacus
s__Eperythrozoon_A parvum
s__PFJX01 sp903918705
s__Ga0074130 sp019750575
s__PCC-7336 sp000332275
s__JAIHAL01 sp029267825
s__Leucobacter sp900163635
s__Sphingobacterium lumbrici
s__JAHDFW01 sp020627945
s__JAJYIW01 sp021789855
s__Lenti-01 sp003451935
s__NMUJ01 sp002256535
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_L
s__JAPFGP01 sp026241155
s__Wolbachia sp902646575
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003213355
s__Colwellia sp002836775
s__JACQWN01 sp016209245
s__Catenibacillus sp902363555
s__BOG-234 sp030838885
s__RFNO01 sp945878405
s__Pantoea sp029844725
s__Winogradskyella sp028383925
s__Baekduia alba
s__JADLGO01 sp020849275
s__Taishania sp030150045
s__Oceanobacillus luteolus
s__Limivicinus sp946186375
s__JAFDGP01 sp019309245
s__UBA2386 sp945861365
s__CG2-30-40-21 sp030018795
s__Aceula lacicola
s__UMGS1449 sp905235875
s__UBA6115 sp012728815
s__Variovorax sp900114785
s__Wujia sp017463225
s__Ga0077553 sp027485675
s__Sphingobacterium sp029542085
s__Cupriavidus sp000812465
s__JAUYMS01 sp030698625
s__Mycobacterium sp025965975
s__Helicobacter_C jaachi
s__Ruminococcus_E difficilis
s__HGM13006 sp905234425
s__Eubacterium sp030524435
s__UBA6211 sp014844135
s__T3SED10-7 sp007130585
s__Propionicimonas sp003451975
s__MWCR01 sp018830085
s__SZUA-254 sp003235555
s__UBA9973 sp021813235
s__UBA4096 sp002422605
s__Stagnimonas aquatica
s__Melioribacter roseus_A
s__NIC37A-2 sp002085155
s__UBA12077 sp030600865
s__Streptomyces sp001298575
s__Synechococcus_C sp014279975
s__GCA-2746885 sp016699935
s__CALPQG02 sp943325655
s__Chitinimonas taiwanensis
s__CALWRB01 sp944381395
s__Sediminibacterium sp000508085
s__Devosia sp946479885
s__Flexilinea sp029983925
s__Teretinema sp003252395
s__JAUVZA01 sp030602805
s__Gallionella acididurans
s__JAIRNK01 sp031258095
s__Deferrimonas soudanensis
s__UBA9655 sp021809225
s__Devosia sp001427875
s__UBA2226 sp937863685
s__CAIUPE01 sp947455645
s__Methylopumilus sp026399645
s__Caldicellulosiruptor obsidiansis
s__JACMIM01 sp014381165
s__Terrimesophilobacter sp019638975
s__Marinitoga sp011057715
s__DTU089 sp937916395
s__Hongsoonwoonella sediminis
s__Cohnella sp019091135
s__Psychrobacillus sp018140925
s__Pararheinheimera sp947090785
s__2-12-FULL-35-11 sp029213075
s__Streptomyces brasiliensis
s__JAFTCA01 sp016285615
s__Pelagibacter sp028225715
s__CAG-465 sp947626975
s__Rariglobus sp903876795
s__Moryella sp916439095
s__CF-13 sp005881215
s__WVXT01 sp009619095
s__UBA3077 sp021647745
s__S141-43 sp026996805
s__CAZU01 sp949297185
s__JAILAT01 sp024681475
s__S139-57 sp026993285
s__UBA2029 sp018056405
s__RYN-404 sp030445245
s__Faecalibacterium sp937917475
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AY
s__JAAFIW01 sp013297875
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023387695
s__Treponema_D sp946061765
s__Mycobacterium sp001499965
s__DYGG01 sp020724775
s__JACTMI01 sp014584695
s__GCA-002700125 sp002721615
s__CAJWGC01 sp913031525
s__Amycolatopsis anabasis
s__JALVRC01 sp027025255
s__NC2004 sp029098105
s__Zeaxanthinibacter sp001683825
s__HGM13634 sp934130435
s__WRAX01 sp009787945
s__Alteromonas sp013373625
s__Vibrio_A stylophorae
s__JALZAA01 sp030948625
s__Streptococcus oralis_BQ
s__Hymenobacter amundsenii
s__Anaerococcus sp949769285
s__Smithella sp000495415
s__Amylibacter cionae
s__JAAYIK01 sp937951875
s__Chamaesiphon sp025361915
s__Niastella sp024809215
s__UBA1203 sp017500825
s__Ventricola sp017936375
s__AP-15 sp005888515
s__Mycobacterium sp001665875
s__JAADGP01 sp013152315
s__Streptomyces lushanensis
s__Thiolinea disciformis
s__Parasphingopyxis sp014380205
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017502125
s__Pseudooceanicola sp029213205
s__UBA1177 sp017961325
s__Marinobacter koreensis
s__Erwinia sp945290265
s__Rs1 sp000416315
s__Thioalkalivibrio_A sulfidiphilus
s__Microbacterium oryzae
s__Franzmannia socia
s__Cupriavidus gilardii_E
s__GCA-2722955 sp002722955
s__CAILUF01 sp945878005
s__FEN-1297 sp023475265
s__AGPOR5 sp003635305
s__JAJPJQ01 sp021324155
s__Arthrobacter_D sp016405885
s__UBA4466 sp013373595
s__Pelagibacter sp002692475
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025464975
s__Desulfotignum sp011390615
s__JAIWNO01 sp020216785
s__Gracilimonas sp022450045
s__Cycloclasticus sp002733135
s__Sediminibacterium sp017853235
s__G020351855 sp030600085
s__Sinorhizobium sp000378985
s__Novosphingobium sp002256775
s__DUUU01 sp012841485
s__Halioglobus sp913062625
s__JAJUFM01 sp029265995
s__Devosia sp028816475
s__Streptococcus sp905221205
s__G11 sp017614185
s__JAGXAD01 sp018971745
s__GWA2-66-18 sp016212855
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp024278855
s__Fimenecus sp015066635
s__67-14 sp023958085
s__Quinella sp946406415
s__1-14-2-50-48-13 sp002783265
s__Magnetobacterium sp015232165
s__CAG-417 sp902791625
s__Oceanispirochaeta sp027859075
s__DRHE01 sp011049745
s__JAEDDN01 sp016298065
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp003560975
s__CAMBIX01 sp945867815
s__UA16 sp027624855
s__Actinotignum schaalii_B
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp018224485
s__Syntrophorhabdus sp002067475
s__Dyella_B psychrodurans
s__JAHEIW01 sp030601425
s__Seleniibacterium seleniigenes
s__CAIOGM01 sp903857795
s__Faecousia sp017415425
s__Francisella sp012224145
s__Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens
s__Luteolibacter sp945885485
s__Novosphingobium sp013141325
s__Ottowia sp015999985
s__Agromyces seonyuensis
s__Mycobacterium sp011694515
s__UBA1177 sp947305505
s__Rhodovarius sp021732665
s__JALOPO01 sp025453855
s__CAG-452 sp947623865
s__Paraburkholderia sp017104965
s__JACCYI01 sp937871635
s__Sulfuriferula multivorans
s__Ktedonobacter formicarum
s__Sporolactobacillus sp004153225
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003211415
s__CADEEZ01 sp947475765
s__MGBC133411 sp934271195
s__JABSQH01 sp013213745
s__RGIG5474 sp017501345
s__Halomonas saccharevitans
s__Bog-257 sp030043575
s__Cylindrospermum stagnale
s__RGIG3102 sp017400025
s__QWPN01 sp029978085
s__UBA10002 sp009694955
s__Methylomonas sp024505055
s__JANQKO01 sp028281075
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902628235
s__Methyloceanibacter sp003071365
s__Limosilactobacillus sp944326735
s__PALSA-1444 sp013286675
s__CALGJV01 sp937928595
s__OFTM303 sp029260035
s__Sediminimonas sp024637375
s__Oceanicaulis sp016124675
s__JAKSDI01 sp022360175
s__UBA1740 sp015063765
s__Microvirga sp024519725
s__Micromonospora_E sp003751085
s__HIMB59 sp902619375
s__JADHWD01 sp016783645
s__Celeribacter maritimus
s__Fen-1231 sp027622655
s__Rhizobium_D sp946886325
s__ZC4RG20 sp017577365
s__Johnsonella sp937927235
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp002337385
s__Aquimarina amphilecti
s__Pedobacter sp028287885
s__UBA6262 sp016218565
s__JAJFKI01 sp021773295
s__JAIRKH01 sp031265825
s__UBA1246 sp017958265
s__G020354785 sp020354785
s__Rubrivivax sp022842595
s__JAUSJM01 sp030647265
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp905235885
s__Lentzea violacea
s__JAAFHS01 sp013298485
s__GCA-2794515 sp002794515
s__Nanopelagicus sp026392945
s__JAIYCY01 sp027487775
s__Streptococcus oralis_N
s__JADFZT01 sp015232395
s__OLB11 sp020853515
s__JANLGW01 sp002732845
s__Microbacterium gallinarum
s__SZUA-430 sp025350465
s__CALFBO01 sp937951635
s__Colwellia sp016765685
s__Balnearium sp003978105
s__Stenotrophomonas sp023423605
s__JAGXSJ01 sp018333775
s__Streptomyces natalensis
s__JAISJH01 sp031280855
s__JABGRK01 sp030665485
s__Shimia haliotis
s__BMS3Bbin01 sp011682695
s__SIG427 sp015069135
s__SFFI01 sp004556925
s__CAHJXF01 sp903644065
s__RBG-13-40-15 sp001816655
s__1-14-0-10-55-24 sp002772745
s__JABDJO01 sp013002465
s__RGIG8048 sp017619535
s__Streptomyces sp024612015
s__PSRF01 sp013697915
s__JAGVIE01 sp020056225
s__JAUIAS01 sp030425395
s__C7867-001 sp023267735
s__Flavisolibacter sp023392575
s__Neorhizobium sp023399635
s__Enterousia sp937901165
s__GCA-2862085 sp938030175
s__JAHCHP01 sp026129765
s__Neobacillus rhizosphaerae
s__JAUQWR01 sp030835065
s__ELB16-189 sp013140395
s__UBA1850 sp024279035
s__BM002 sp947259475
s__Mesorhizobium neociceri
s__Sulfuricaulis sp016194665
s__Bog-1198 sp028293775
s__Methyloceanibacter sp016869535
s__Streptomyces sp016482685
s__Janibacter merdipullorum
s__JAEYTB01 sp937974035
s__MAG-120802 sp016870835
s__CAG-452 sp947627415
s__Petralouisia sp947565425
s__Catonella sp902783375
s__JAAYDE01 sp012512925
s__UBA6024 sp030698405
s__DAOWJH01 sp030640495
s__Leucobacter chromiireducens
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031270385
s__JABWBJ01 sp013360595
s__Pedobacter sp026625705
s__Stenotrophobium rhamnosiphilum
s__Ventricola sp947631405
s__SSS58A sp002403295
s__Nocardioides sp002729525
s__Cryosericum sp021373025
s__Humitalea rosea
s__GCA-2707915 sp902605935
s__UBA6902 sp020053105
s__JALVPX01 sp027031565
s__CCMP332 sp014323545
s__JAADFK01 sp013152925
s__Collinsella sp958429225
s__JAUVAN01 sp030591725
s__2-01-FULL-39-10 sp001793015
s__Jatrophihabitans sp025966255
s__VGXF01 sp016873435
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024689985
s__PALSA-607 sp003134755
s__Bacillus_BW pakistanensis
s__Parvibacillus sp024103005
s__WHSV01 sp009379915
s__JAIOUP01 sp019931165
s__UBA1179 sp024398535
s__JANQGF01 sp028277465
s__Paludisphaera mucosa
s__Sulfurimonas sp029872055
s__JALUTW01 sp026990045
s__CACIIZ01 sp902541695
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp025454815
s__Azonexus denitrificans
s__Sulfurovum sp011391015
s__WRME01 sp009777275
s__CALIRD01 sp938042355
s__SZUA-425 sp003245675
s__JAJTFW01 sp016717725
s__UBA2645 sp947425005
s__Labilithrix luteola
s__Neolewinella maritima
s__JAJFGO01 sp021776095
s__Thiovibrio frasassiensis
s__QXXE01 sp947575935
s__CAG-269 sp944387555
s__Limnofasciculus baicalensis
s__Desulforegula conservatrix
s__JAEVYX01 sp023392515
s__JAIRNN01 sp031269165
s__Campylobacter_A sp938045225
s__JAFGNW01 sp016926795
s__Mycobacterium litorale_A
s__Intestinibacillus massiliensis_A
s__Palleronia sp947487205
s__Thiomonas sp016936875
s__Shewanella marinintestina
s__CANMMF01 sp947498985
s__JAPLZW01 sp026394835
s__Coprothermobacter sp003476705
s__UBA5078 sp001802565
s__CAG-873 sp934590135
s__JAJQCI01 sp947627855
s__Poriferisocius sp022821445
s__Ensifer adhaerens_B
s__JAHIUS01 sp018816885
s__UBA1267 sp946632055
s__Rhizobium mesosinicum
s__OLB17 sp002360555
s__Collinsella sp900551625
s__Palsa-465 sp019240115
s__Aureimonas_A sp001424685
s__UBA2774 sp003229065
s__Glaciecola sp947496235
s__Prevotella sp937907705
s__JALUUX01 sp027021145
s__Planktotalea sp018607995
s__JADJTR01 sp016711085
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp001428545
s__Conyzicola sp025463665
s__Ureibacillus timonensis
s__T78 sp003445715
s__NIOZ-UU13 sp030609625
s__Pelagibacter sp902551215
s__UBA2383 sp020444985
s__CALSMU01 sp029244805
s__RBG-16-57-12 sp001801365
s__Bin76 sp012270885
s__Amycolatopsis sp018736145
s__JALEHC01 sp022448955
s__Pelagibacter sp902624015
s__Faecalibacterium sp020025795
s__Turneriella sp019186965
s__Paludibacter sp903927945
s__Virgibacillus proomii_A
s__Microbacterium sp026393345
s__UBA6024 sp030684645
s__SFDP01 sp017520155
s__Phreatobacter sp030691135
s__JAAKFX01 sp011064865
s__JANYCN01 sp025360225
s__UBA4334 sp947167515
s__UBA3054 sp017650925
s__Fen-1362 sp003141275
s__CALXRO01 sp031283795
s__Fibromonas sp031281275
s__RDXV01 sp010672785
s__Suttonella indologenes
s__RUG14156 sp944325165
s__RUG13279 sp902787475
s__Merdousia sp949283955
s__JAJRRM01 sp024279475
s__Streptomyces beijiangensis
s__CALEQZ01 sp937908115
s__JAADEQ01 sp027036015
s__HTCC2207 sp938092205
s__D2-FULL-39-29 sp001778355
s__WRMG01 sp009782385
s__Vibrio rumoiensis_A
s__CAG-582 sp947176475
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017432225
s__JAGQNJ01 sp020428115
s__Clostridium_T sp028728205
s__JAPOUP01 sp022824145
s__Hymenobacter sp003417065
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019745275
s__Flavobacterium sp017302935
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans_F
s__Microaerobacter geothermalis
s__UBA1711 sp017479385
s__JAHEYG01 sp017303905
s__JAGVOB01 sp020052955
s__COE1 sp017467805
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017512085
s__Arthrobacter_D agilis_D
s__JADFOP01 sp027717595
s__Flavonifractor sp944387675
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403855
s__JAIYDZ01 sp027487215
s__JAUYJB01 sp030688605
s__Didemnitutus sp013822585
s__Prevotella sp030536165
s__B36-G15 sp003645615
s__QHXN01 sp030860645
s__JACKIP01 sp030427385
s__UBA11704 sp023267595
s__JANQQF01 sp028285035
s__Flavobacterium sp027980145
s__JAFGHD01 sp016939365
s__JAAYSI01 sp012524045
s__Sulfurovum riftiae
s__Lacipirellula parvula
s__Geomesophilobacter sediminis
s__MGBC108787 sp947591455
s__2-02-FULL-67-57 sp016210855
s__Buttiauxella izardii
s__JAAOIH01 sp015163875
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp001773855
s__JABAAC01 sp014238965
s__Lapillicoccus sp025353065
s__JABFRJ01 sp013141255
s__CAMUQR01 sp947097085
s__Vitreimonas sp020848895
s__UBA4923 sp012841255
s__Bovifimicola sp902767015
s__JAHFAE01 sp023250675
s__REEP01 sp007694935
s__Tepidamorphus sp025397915
s__Pelatocladus sp024239075
s__J022 sp003697045
s__Onthoplasma sp947632645
s__Paracoccus sp027912675
s__CALKWM01 sp938004065
s__Glycocaulis sp001314625
s__JAAEQG01 sp024231775
s__Usitatibacter sp030855025
s__VGJL01 sp016867495
s__Rarobacter faecitabidus
s__RGIG5327 sp017613255
s__Immundisolibacter sp028696615
s__Streptomyces sp030406905
s__C7867-001 sp021781935
s__UBA2289 sp002839125
s__RFSX01 sp905480605
s__JADGNZ01 sp017883235
s__Thiomonas intermedia
s__JAMOPP01 sp027064405
s__UBA1786 sp902797255
s__Aquiluna sp029241985
s__JAAYOB01 sp029553585
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017431105
s__CAMWXW01 sp947178315
s__SP4260 sp028227395
s__GWA2-56-11 sp001004885
s__Bin87 sp022827095
s__Xinfangfangia pollutisoli
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030656145
s__Aestuariivirga sp020441605
s__JARKQH01 sp029974925
s__Arthrobacter_E sp030731045
s__CANPGX01 sp947573745
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902556355
s__OFTM221 sp029259745
s__UBA1151 sp013204555
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp025458025
s__UBA737 sp902766755
s__Chordicoccus sp946629525
s__JAOZPE01 sp029932915
s__Caulobacter sp030652755
s__Flavobacterium sp003634825
s__Mesorhizobium sp019509685
s__Fimenecus sp937896885
s__JAHBNG01 sp019217005
s__UBA5609 sp002478225
s__JACMMS01 sp014378915
s__Collinsella sp902478885
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947442105
s__RGIG2134 sp944325625
s__Ventrenecus sp946630615
s__JABWBH01 sp022072505
s__Acetatifactor sp017461775
s__SpSt-205 sp025059535
s__Acetatifactor sp022511385
s__Aminithiophilus sp016756725
s__Flavobacterium sp947459635
s__Streptomyces venezuelae_F
s__UBA3792 sp946411635
s__Terrisporobacter mayombei_A
s__Caulobacter sp003931565
s__DUEC01 sp011176635
s__JAUNVD01 sp030537855
s__C7867-001 sp013815345
s__CAIOGI01 sp030917665
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp018334855
s__CAIKAF01 sp030427255
s__CFX2 sp016124855
s__Ruminococcus_E sp022510985
s__Ornithinimicrobium_A sediminis
s__Loigolactobacillus iwatensis
s__CAMMKL01 sp946497265
s__Limiplasma sp029974855
s__Allosphingosinicella humi
s__JAEUUM01 sp016787375
s__Ferruginibacter sp016710935
s__UM-FILTER-49-7 sp003650445
s__Neptuniibacter caesariensis
s__Cellulosilyticum sp029851645
s__Pelagibacter sp028224115
s__Aliiglaciecola sp947494925
s__Rugamonas_A brunnea
s__UBA4466 sp937876195
s__Luteimonas_D sp023388355
s__UBA3583 sp012520755
s__SCVQ01 sp004296865
s__HTCC2207 sp029242085
s__Geobacillus sp000445995
s__Faecousia sp022775085
s__JACQHU01 sp016198805
s__GWA2-66-18 sp016194625
s__CAJCIC01 sp903970185
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp020161475
s__UMGS1663 sp947593355
s__Desulfobacula sp018702715
s__UBA11236 sp021155885
s__0-14-0-20-45-22 sp028719225
s__Caulobacter sp021741355
s__Hydrogenivirga sp026983685
s__JAIRKW01 sp031266555
s__DAOWGJ01 sp030609785
s__Ochrobactrum_A gallinifaecis
s__Persephonella sp013153295
s__Citricoccus sp029961105
s__Magnetovibrio sp028281525
s__Pseudomonas_F resinovorans_A
s__Hominilimicola sp947626045
s__DAOVVF01 sp030632225
s__RUG11198 sp022772985
s__DAOWNY01 sp030642325
s__Kordiimonas sp024398015
s__Fredricksoniimonas sp903861305
s__Melghiribacillus thermohalophilus
s__Neobacillus muris
s__UBA3470 sp002378125
s__Quinella sp017554285
s__JAMDBA01 sp023484365
s__Fimenecus sp002490425
s__Geoanaerobacter sp016223015
s__ELB16-189 sp947457025
s__Castellaniella sp019104865
s__UM-FILTER-40-17 sp002790195
s__Lachnospira sp030536565
s__UBA1067 sp016280825
s__JADGRN01 sp017880825
s__Palsa-851 sp003132525
s__Azovibrio sp026414665
s__UBA7868 sp934757845
s__Methylophaga sulfidovorans
s__Methyloceanibacter methanicus
s__Pontibacter silvestris
s__Sulfuricella denitrificans
s__JAAYEA01 sp012689325
s__Mycobacterium basiliense
s__Flavobacterium sp001975985
s__Ramlibacter sp013815685
s__Actinoplanes sp934643405
s__Brevibacterium marinum
s__JACOUT01 sp020850995
s__JAHEJJ01 sp947258405
s__Pseudonocardia sp026393175
s__JAAYAE01 sp012719555
s__JALYUE01 sp030853925
s__UBA3700 sp022784465
s__Brevundimonas terrae
s__JAJRUJ01 sp024277855
s__Neorhizobium lilium
s__Palsa-187 sp030044325
s__Bradyrhizobium sp936943645
s__JAMPXM01 sp023701225
s__Choladousia sp947627365
s__JAJDAN01 sp028284295
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281505
s__Microbulbifer aggregans_A
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp022340805
s__Filomicrobium sp030607105
s__Pelethomonas sp029065305
s__Rossellomorea haikouensis_A
s__Pelagibacter sp902587215
s__Caccomorpha sp017623215
s__Derxia gummosa
s__Sphingomonas sp028292965
s__JAJYTG01 sp021793195
s__JAAXTX01 sp903859375
s__JAGIBJ01 sp016463515
s__CAMAHO01 sp945834545
s__Scatovivens sp947571115
s__UBA2284 sp018817915
s__JAHQVX01 sp019634125
s__UBA9382 sp024128875
s__Acinetobacter marinus
s__Instestinimonas_A celer
s__Faecalimonas sp017410145
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp007692435
s__Hymenobacter ginkgonis
s__STD1-117 sp030690875
s__Microbulbifer sp947498635
s__HGM04593 sp030535995
s__SCUK01 sp004297445
s__JALYQY01 sp030855955
s__Selenomonas_A lactilytica
s__Actinokineospora baliensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902517175
s__WJMB01 sp014728185
s__AG-402-N21 sp003216435
s__CAIWMF01 sp016871655
s__Palsa-465 sp030853685
s__DTU089 sp015066325
s__Mycobacterium arosiense
s__Brevundimonas sp018608325
s__JASBUN01 sp030147845
s__DAOVZS01 sp030635005
s__Azovibrio sp031281985
s__UBA8158 sp003449595
s__Thermomonospora echinospora
s__Erythrobacter sp947502815
s__JAFIEX01 sp020832365
s__AC-50 sp005883235
s__CAG-411 sp014799595
s__JAAFHJ01 sp020720045
s__UBA1127 sp029936935
s__Vibrio rumoiensis
s__Bulleidia sp902797775
s__Enterousia sp902799285
s__PUND01 sp003551645
s__Soonwooa sp011058315
s__CAJCHO01 sp903970145
s__RGIG4057 sp017462755
s__Flavobacterium pectinovorum_A
s__Bernardetia sp020630575
s__RGIG8482 sp944390975
s__CAG-269 sp947626925
s__SpSt-583 sp017999235
s__CAIKLQ01 sp903828255
s__JALTZE01 sp027051315
s__JAJFHE01 sp021775755
s__JACNGX01 sp014383885
s__Limimorpha sp016290215
s__Stenotrophomonas sp030658505
s__Pedobacter_B sp017355835
s__Didemnitutus sp030682505
s__GWA2-45-9 sp020724685
s__Brevibacillus fulvus
s__CATMVR01 sp950075905
s__CAG-390 sp002314565
s__Croceicoccus ponticola
s__Rhabdochlamydia porcellionis
s__UBA3282 sp023663185
s__Geothrix sp023701165
s__RGIG4131 sp946056455
s__Sphingobium sp002953135
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023415575
s__Syntrophosphaera sp019429425
s__UBA8914 sp028683655
s__UTCHB3 sp008363265
s__Fluviicola sp002483265
s__JAOADC01 sp026417515
s__Negativibacillus sp020024325
s__REEP01 sp007695045
s__Streptomyces olivoverticillatus
s__Psychromonas sp002239585
s__Flaviflexus sp030537635
s__Sphingomonas sp913774925
s__Halopseudomonas sp007117785
s__SIG292 sp030526985
s__Dyadobacter sp021440085
s__AAA240-E13 sp000513055
s__Methylococcus sp026247885
s__Planktophila sp005789205
s__Neorhizobium sp900469955
s__Flavihumibacter solisilvae
s__Amycolatopsis camponoti
s__GCA-002733185 sp002733185
s__Sulfitobacter_F rosea
s__Sodaliphilus sp905233845
s__CACPJA01 sp029941465
s__RGIG8399 sp017612495
s__Porphyromonas sp902465775
s__JAIRLR01 sp031269775
s__Devosia sp017744655
s__ASV31 sp019061145
s__UBA2272 sp030651765
s__Novosphingobium sp009885425
s__Catalinimonas rhodea
s__CR02bin9 sp030632765
s__ELB16-189 sp025370075
s__Adiutrix sp031286085
s__BMS3Bbin05 sp020351835
s__RGIG2893 sp012839185
s__Casp-actino8 sp937902105
s__Hominicoprocola sp015068465
s__Ga0077546 sp030917395
s__Prevotella sp934281565
s__MFUP01 sp001785735
s__UBA12078 sp018818345
s__Pelagibacter sp902617895
s__B70-G9 sp003641465
s__GCA-2746365 sp015222965
s__Methylogaea sp004299145
s__UBA3663 sp905236195
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212195
s__Neotabrizicola sp013693875
s__Aeromonas finlandensis
s__WLWZ01 sp012103315
s__JACKPP01 sp021772435
s__RUG626 sp947624585
s__UBA7488 sp017513365
s__Microbacterium yannicii_A
s__SpSt-501 sp025454075
s__Parvibium lacunae
s__JADHLK01 sp016780695
s__SMWH01 sp004357005
s__SSF26 sp026417535
s__Bacillus_A sp030756675
s__Marinarcus aquaticus
s__Oceanomicrobium pacificus
s__JAFEFJ01 sp018240635
s__Pontiella sp030630445
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902557705
s__Enteromonas sp949297805
s__CAJWPI01 sp913045055
s__Nocardiopsis listeri_A
s__Acetomicrobium sp002433005
s__Helicobacter_D sp947588965
s__JAJFTU01 sp021372775
s__Sporocytophaga sp024707265
s__Anoxynatronum sp024635995
s__Marinobacterium_A aestuarii
s__Ferruginibacter sp028288705
s__CAIYYN01 sp031291575
s__JAISFT01 sp031258225
s__SFTH01 sp017481065
s__Labilithrix sp019637175
s__Nocardioides humi
s__Methylomirabilis sp003105305
s__Smithella sp001683985
s__JAJFHN01 sp021775595
s__Subtercola sp002931235
s__UBA6898 sp016214855
s__Steroidobacter_A sp937958065
s__CAJOIG01 sp947624035
s__Streptococcus mitis_AR
s__UBA3077 sp016764785
s__Pontiella sp015486775
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AP
s__JADFYD01 sp015233235
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp005885085
s__DUVT01 sp012840905
s__GCA-002733185 sp913058295
s__JAUVAN01 sp030621515
s__Paludibacter sp020049335
s__Rhodoferax sp002413825
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp030523305
s__2-01-FULL-45-10 sp030695725
s__JAGOUJ01 sp945878715
s__Xanthomarina sp002366675
s__DFXE01 sp031266215
s__JASHPR01 sp030039095
s__Aminivibrio sp018057035
s__Roseococcus microcysteis
s__Capnocytophaga sp030538675
s__JADJPF01 sp023265235
s__UBA2834 sp030528815
s__DTYU01 sp012961725
s__Hydrogenophaga sp025458415
s__Staphylococcus durrellii
s__Brevundimonas sp023433585
s__JAJDHX01 sp030266395
s__Streptomyces genisteinicus
s__UBA6107 sp012797695
s__Cysteiniphilum sp008711525
s__JAIRLG01 sp031279255
s__JAGLBW01 sp015663245
s__Friedmanniella flava
s__Dictyobacter kobayashii
s__Hominibacterium sp959021945
s__JACDBO01 sp013694885
s__RGIG9287 sp031267335
s__Oligoflexus sp014377445
s__UBA2632 sp029264035
s__Collinsella sp902470835
s__JAHITC01 sp018817805
s__JAENXM01 sp016649525
s__JAGXGJ01 sp024636875
s__Flavobacterium sp013294025
s__Irregularibacter muris
s__Glaciecola sp937770335
s__Rickettsiella_B sp019285595
s__CAIQQQ01 sp903891315
s__CALNBE01 sp031280235
s__F23-D06 sp902796805
s__Maridesulfovibrio zosterae
s__Anaerovibrio sp902785445
s__STF1-284 sp028700355
s__JACKHC01 sp937879825
s__UBA3282 sp002491905
s__UBA9732 sp017475725
s__SXXK01 sp023260695
s__Enterousia sp017642585
s__Salinihabitans flavidus
s__Firm-04 sp946621745
s__GWA2-46-15 sp016207115
s__Enterenecus sp949451265
s__Sulfurospirillum_A arcachonense
s__SZUA-21 sp003233345
s__Firm-04 sp018110935
s__JAGSHC01 sp023954745
s__JAHEMF01 sp024643795
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031261045
s__PWJY01 sp007695035
s__Geodermatophilus sp003319125
s__JABFRJ01 sp025350265
s__Bacillus_CA sp002335745
s__Rubrivivax sp027483705
s__AKCV01 sp000272025
s__JAIRTF01 sp031257375
s__SZUA-140 sp003230085
s__CAG-269 sp944392675
s__Sphingomonas_B changnyeongensis
s__UBA7446 sp949528465
s__JADJTL01 sp016711215
s__UBA5189 sp015661135
s__CAZU01 sp944392185
s__PMNU01 sp023434325
s__Bog-105 sp021325235
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946408295
s__Brevundimonas sp023416055
s__Coprosoma sp944358525
s__JAIRNC01 sp031258255
s__Synoicihabitans sp018402455
s__UBA9320 sp945889315
s__Ga0077539 sp016793325
s__Desulfocarbo indianensis
s__Kitasatospora atroaurantiaca
s__Thiothrix sulfatifontis
s__RPQH01 sp003820375
s__NORP309 sp026990095
s__Psychrobacter nivimaris_A
s__W0P33-017 sp937893485
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_F
s__Varibaculum sp947253735
s__Ohtaekwangia koreensis
s__UBA1067 sp017406465
s__Pelagibacter sp902594865
s__Acutalibacter sp947647615
s__JALVQA01 sp027031495
s__Fen-178 sp003142355
s__Lentihominibacter sp030529985
s__Sporomusa sp007830295
s__Dendronalium phyllosphericum
s__CACIJG01 sp902537215
s__JAKBEL01 sp029262575
s__Pelagibacter sp902516395
s__Polaromonas sp010365105
s__Desulfovibrio desulfuricans_C
s__Duodenibacillus sp030531135
s__IGN3 sp016707585
s__Palsa-187 sp020073325
s__UBA5189 sp005889475
s__JAJPKG01 sp021323815
s__DT-68 sp013215685
s__Nitrosomonas halophila
s__GCA-2716585 sp002716585
s__SHZZ01 sp009692005
s__SIG293 sp015057625
s__QAKW01 sp017396865
s__AC-32 sp005883335
s__Flavobacterium sp002421645
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp913031655
s__Pontimicrobium aquaticum
s__Brumimicrobium aurantiacum
s__Spirosoma sp013375035
s__CAITNM01 sp026400695
s__JADGDD01 sp016745075
s__HyVt-429 sp013152415
s__UBA4820 sp012798145
s__Ruminococcus_E sp024690465
s__Desulfocucumis palustris
s__JAFAEW01 sp023423835
s__UBA4416 sp029237825
s__Pseudogemmobacter hezensis
s__Sphingomonas radiodurans
s__AAA044-D11 sp009701575
s__UBA1234 sp949283575
s__Desulfopila_A sp016278675
s__JACPQF01 sp030650265
s__Paraburkholderia sp004197395
s__AAA536-G10 sp902530325
s__Amnibacterium sp025936735
s__Sphingorhabdus_B lutea
s__Polyangium spumosum
s__Actinoplanes globisporus
s__CAMZLY01 sp947311825
s__Pelagibacter sp902634305
s__Pelagibacter sp902628565
s__JANQHK01 sp028282685
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903882965
s__NORP324 sp016763395
s__Enterovibrio sedimenti
s__Cytobacillus sp017303275
s__Burkholderia cepacia_F
s__CAG-465 sp947632635
s__Cybelea tumulisoli
s__CAZU01 sp018362935
s__JABDFU01 sp016183775
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020848295
s__Subtercola boreus_B
s__Lachnospira sp934343805
s__JABEUT01 sp013285805
s__ISDg sp030524525
s__JAAYED01 sp012719135
s__Ructibacterium sp017397725
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp903928565
s__Chachezhania antarctica
s__CAIXMG01 sp028286885
s__UBA10649 sp030681835
s__Pelagibacter sp902571925
s__Sporanaerobacter sp029779375
s__GCA-012562765 sp012571795
s__UMGS902 sp017398595
s__Sodaliphilus sp017618355
s__JACADU01 sp013388415
s__JAUJON01 sp030447595
s__SHYG01 sp016872385
s__CAG-269 sp017404025
s__JACPTQ01 sp016192705
s__Propionicimonas sp023393755
s__JAGVKB01 sp020050835
s__Fen-1247 sp003136975
s__Cryobacterium sp029893365
s__Butyrivibrio sp017635265
s__Limivicinus sp017458065
s__Actinophytocola xanthii
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902534685
s__AG-337-I02 sp902541215
s__PEZG01 sp002774185
s__Lentihominibacter sp017431395
s__HTCC2207 sp018607545
s__Allorhizobium sp900156055
s__JASEGW01 sp030017825
s__Spirillospora atramentaria
s__JAJDGJ01 sp030265585
s__JAJRYY01 sp024275565
s__SZUA-365 sp018224415
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902589305
s__Amaricoccus sp937858865
s__CAMKAB01 sp946410375
s__OLB5 sp017303675
s__Azospirillum sp937927415
s__GCA-2698665 sp905479195
s__Cocleimonas sp027083815
s__Allosphingosinicella sp030776605
s__MarineAlpha4-Bin1 sp943788635
s__VYEH01 sp022820625
s__Glaciimonas sp003056055
s__Mobilitalea sp023392615
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005881085
s__ELB16-189 sp025358885
s__Microbacterium sp029959865
s__UBA6024 sp019459485
s__LH-M37 sp027858635
s__Desulfosporosinus sp003132105
s__CAG-465 sp028692955
s__Granulicatella sp938039195
s__J017 sp003695915
s__JAIRLR01 sp031268845
s__UBA4951 sp017531065
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007694885
s__JAISBN01 sp031265015
s__Marinobacter sp018623515
s__Humibacillus xanthopallidus
s__Alkalimarinus sp913060665
s__SXNL01 sp016794325
s__RGIG8709 sp017622215
s__CANJOG01 sp947475475
s__Zwartia sp903929925
s__Prevotella sp902784065
s__Alloprevotella sp003859795
s__DB1 sp001914235
s__Pelagibacter sp902578325
s__RUG13868 sp902793375
s__JAHEAO01 sp024637315
s__JAAWPK01 sp947628715
s__Blastococcus saxobsidens_A
s__Streptomyces sp000612545
s__UBA3282 sp029062885
s__Chelativorans_B petroleitrophicus
s__Gallionella kumadai
s__Clostridium_AM thailandense
s__SIG607 sp934476025
s__Streptomyces sp008042125
s__Lapidilactobacillus achengensis
s__JANJTH01 sp024711205
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp023426275
s__Specibacter livingstonensis
s__Paenibacillus_E sp010820665
s__UBA10015 sp005239675
s__Eubacterium_R sp021200075
s__Enterousia sp017471445
s__JAAAOG01 sp009909005
s__JACXVD01 sp024236195
s__UBA3636 sp946624575
s__NBML01 sp016743945
s__Bin103 sp913043885
s__WLNJ01 sp009699865
s__GCA-016432465 sp016432465
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp000513995
s__Eubacterium_R sp002329285
s__M50B91 sp018401175
s__BNUF01 sp025997155
s__RGIG5755 sp029009055
s__WQUU01 sp009781925
s__WGNA01 sp016124755
s__CAINVV01 sp026391315
s__Yoonia sp017854415
s__JADLCI01 sp020847275
s__PLanc-01 sp020346325
s__PFJX01 sp020723405
s__Sphaerisporangium sp029846175
s__Nitrospira_D sp024998645
s__SZUA-584 sp023461435
s__Qipengyuania xiamenensis
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003215315
s__JAFNAJ01 sp017860085
s__Mycobacterium sp903862565
s__Arenimonas sp001801685
s__Onthomorpha sp937906975
s__Palsa-881 sp025352085
s__JAISTV01 sp031272485
s__Nitrosacidococcus tergens
s__Paracoccus sp030388245
s__Oceanobacillus salinisoli
s__Chlorobium sp005862285
s__Casimicrobium sp025354165
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017525025
s__Nitrospira_D sp015903995
s__Acidoferrum sp019239815
s__Corynebacterium sp030152825
s__C7867-001 sp029288865
s__CANHVK01 sp947378245
s__JAHFGY01 sp023247195
s__UBA11361 sp003450555
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A gei
s__01-FULL-38-12b sp023245195
s__CAG-510 sp022510705
s__Eubacterium_R sp021199275
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_D
s__JAANAU01 sp015232705
s__UBA3663 sp902779265
s__JAKGBX01 sp021555075
s__JADFVY01 sp015222795
s__Mycobacterium sp019243155
s__Pseudotabrizicola algicola
s__Rectinema sp029975555
s__Bacteroides sp949288715
s__Rhodanobacter panaciterrae
s__GMQP-bins7 sp021323315
s__UBA1020 sp030427525
s__JAJRYW01 sp024275555
s__Actinokineospora xionganensis
s__Ancylobacter aquaticus
s__Opimibacter iunctus
s__SXRF01 sp025464625
s__Firm-04 sp016288755
s__Methylotenera_A sp014378845
s__SURF-43 sp016875635
s__JADZAD01 sp020852775
s__JAIORA01 sp021108375
s__JAJDCP01 sp030428695
s__JAFEBO01 sp016793015
s__QPIN01 sp026988195
s__JAUYLJ01 sp030699685
s__CANPXH01 sp947624015
s__JAHZDZ01 sp019422105
s__Marinomonas vulgaris
s__SZUA-117 sp021773135
s__Corynebacterium tapiri
s__Tropicimonas sp947497945
s__JACKIH01 sp020638575
s__Cfx3-03 sp023251485
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902511025
s__Micromonospora cremea
s__JABAAW01 sp014238935
s__Thiocapsa sp001499735
s__UBA5456 sp017994635
s__UBA1784 sp017454215
s__Thermotomaculum sp027067895
s__JACPUP01 sp016192205
s__RBC038 sp009692685
s__Actinobacillus capsulatus
s__Ventrenecus sp944351315
s__WQUT01 sp009781955
s__Rhizobium sp016429015
s__JACDDL01 sp030860245
s__JAAURS01 sp012032135
s__Fimbriimonas sp903904815
s__Siliceabacter maunaloa
s__VFKE01 sp021413535
s__DAOUYN01 sp030666075
s__RGIG3701 sp030527015
s__2-02-FULL-65-29 sp023265155
s__UBA1550 sp001823575
s__Amycolatopsis deserti
s__Azophilus lithoversatilis
s__Wolbachia sp001931755
s__RUG14156 sp947589425
s__Meiothermus sp003351145
s__Eubacterium_I sp946546945
s__JACQOV01 sp016202395
s__QNZT01 sp026985685
s__UBA7524 sp002478275
s__UBA2645 sp903927415
s__JAKLHL01 sp022707945
s__Polaribacter sp026191475
s__JAIQFL01 sp003167275
s__Limiplasma sp023395615
s__GCA-003244245 sp030863015
s__N074bin45 sp004357415
s__UMGS1601 sp947627045
s__Arthrobacter_B sp030407495
s__CAG-488 sp017465465
s__JAAXUU01 sp013335845
s__Amaricoccus sp946221765
s__Aristaeella sp946414315
s__Corynebacterium endometrii
s__Tidjanibacter sp017521965
s__Streptomyces sp006715635
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281335
s__Sphingomicrobium sp023389105
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_G
s__2-02-FULL-39-14 sp001779055
s__JAKKUQ01 sp021890755
s__CANQUC01 sp947625995
s__Plasticicumulans_A lactativorans
s__Aristaeella sp946411525
s__Tepidimonas charontis
s__Bathyanammoxibius sp030623665
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp028823445
s__UBA952 sp947454395
s__CAG-115 sp947627465
s__RUG754 sp017394515
s__WSZY01 sp021772895
s__Limimorpha sp902774365
s__Romboutsia_D lituseburensis_A
s__Methylomonas sp903931355
s__JAFGMN01 sp016927515
s__JAPWJZ01 sp016794125
s__JALYUS01 sp030853625
s__JAKIZO01 sp937936035
s__Desulfofarcimen acetoxidans
s__CAMYLY01 sp947259405
s__JANXLV01 sp025355005
s__Blastococcus sp003319185
s__JAAZZIT01 sp947631585
s__JAIRMO01 sp031288215
s__Thiovibrio sp018829945
s__JAUNBG01 sp028695865
s__Desulfotignum sp937951975
s__JACPNK01 sp016185525
s__JAUSIH01 sp030648205
s__PUPC01 sp003553185
s__CADEFT01 sp016191645
s__Hyphococcus sp021776395
s__Bauldia sp024222895
s__JACOUN01 sp016177805
s__UBA2862 sp902793325
s__JAFIHQ01 sp021372425
s__JALRFN01 sp023260355
s__JACRNO01 sp016234855
s__PALSA-1006 sp030823955
s__Sulfurovum sp023213175
s__Limimaricola variabilis
s__UBA2772 sp002352545
s__Draconibacterium sp016931875
s__CAIJZX01 sp016217865
s__AAA536-G10 sp902533225
s__SACZ01 sp023369685
s__Alcanivorax sp022360555
s__JAGQJJ01 sp020430675
s__OLB19 sp023898525
s__Neorhizobium alkalisoli
s__UBA3207 sp947303755
s__Microbacterium sp937988695
s__SpSt-501 sp020725555
s__UBA1786 sp002314525
s__JAJBSZ01 sp031269935
s__Chromobacterium sp002848345
s__Altericroceibacterium_A xinjiangense
s__Flagellimonas sp017313225
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000512695
s__GWA1-54-10 sp019661855
s__ZC3RG03 sp937886445
s__UBA9715 sp902788545
s__Collinsella sp905216075
s__Oscillochloris trichoides
s__JAISBX01 sp031282225
s__JAPLXC01 sp026396275
s__GCA-2691245 sp902617375
s__FEN-1297 sp027349615
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017459075
s__Sphingobacterium stercoripullorum
s__NIES-981 sp900088535
s__JAOAFE01 sp026416455
s__Oceanipulchritudo sp030595525
s__Bosea sp945957345
s__JAADGY01 sp013152165
s__Chitinophaga tropicalis
s__UBA3796 sp946402475
s__Roseovarius dicentrarchi
s__Aliivibrio sp946479765
s__MED-G52 sp902543185
s__JABEUT01 sp013289475
s__JADHLJ01 sp937776645
s__Undibacterium sp009937975
s__Planktomarina sp905182195
s__UBA1140 sp026985495
s__Caccovivens sp947626175
s__Ruminococcus_E sp022510945
s__UBA3282 sp947175305
s__Helicobacter_J sp002272795
s__Rhodoglobus sp013410945
s__Gemella sp945929765
s__JAHDDO01 sp937924805
s__Selenihalanaerobacter shriftii
s__Microcella sp005777405
s__Borrelia sp019669085
s__Zag111 sp902766105
s__CAG-877 sp934163035
s__JAHFKE01 sp946885425
s__AB-137-C09 sp030950905
s__CACXMZ01 sp946623915
s__JAJDAP01 sp029261815
s__RGIG446 sp017472365
s__Romboutsia_A weinsteinii
s__Aliidiomarina iranensis
s__Erythrobacter sanguineus_A
s__Streptococcus moroccensis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028736115
s__Sphaerotilus sp030918015
s__Arthrobacter sp001428075
s__Labilithrix sp009780955
s__Schlesneria sp025353525
s__Pollutimonas bauzanensis
s__UBA1222 sp016286345
s__HGM12657 sp934447715
s__UBA6168 sp016234735
s__Sphingomicrobium sp902806295
s__UBA3792 sp017438865
s__UBA932 sp031254635
s__Arthrobacter sp001428365
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp028248455
s__UBA8473 sp016209225
s__Bacillus_Z methanolicus
s__Rubrivivax sp022842825
s__UBA1941 sp018267355
s__JADDFT01 sp013152765
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_I
s__Mesorhizobium_B amorphae_A
s__RF16 sp937901225
s__UBA737 sp934463035
s__Lutibacter agarilyticus
s__Leifsonia aquatica_A
s__Solidesulfovibrio carbinolicus
s__Coprococcus sp900557435
s__UBA9145 sp022360535
s__JAFLBI01 sp019745155
s__JACDCJ01 sp013816105
s__Sporobacter sp022870705
s__SLSG01 sp007132865
s__Mitsuaria chitinivorans
s__UBA1545 sp943355085
s__JANTGF01 sp030613125
s__CACNXK01 sp902557575
s__JAISGO01 sp031263025
s__Azonexus limneticus_B
s__Lutimonas sp024762795
s__UBA8153 sp003449495
s__Pseudomonas sp002796985
s__DAHXLG01 sp027371775
s__Paenibacillus sp030123105
s__Frondihabitans sp025464735
s__ER46 sp011525695
s__GCA-2729495 sp030429685
s__Onthomonas sp021203325
s__Streptomyces sp004795055
s__Devosia pacifica
s__Streptomyces hayashii
s__UBA1221 sp949292175
s__Marivita sp017643905
s__JAGOTX01 sp018061565
s__JAOZSG01 sp029939785
s__JAFGFZ01 sp016930815
s__Ruminococcus sp937910385
s__Alloprevotella sp902477365
s__Streptococcus troglodytae
s__MEDG-81 sp902514645
s__GCA-002793235 sp913048175
s__UBA956 sp004293285
s__UBA3663 sp002315795
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030527585
s__Streptomyces sp000716605
s__JAISUH01 sp031272205
s__Nitromaritima sp029937655
s__CAG-552 sp947632125
s__JAIRZX01 sp031267005
s__Sulfurovum sp030826885
s__Pelagibacter sp902515095
s__JACRDX01 sp016212745
s__SZUA-378 sp003246295
s__SHVO01 sp903896775
s__Rhodobaculum sp007121055
s__Trichlorobacter sp002423105
s__Halobacillus_A sp024189295
s__JALHLM01 sp022844585
s__HMF5848 sp003944835
s__JAPJRA01 sp030824835
s__Methyloglobulus sp016874115
s__UBA1740 sp017410065
s__UBA1711 sp017480185
s__Arachnia defluvii
s__JAOACZ01 sp026417575
s__Thauera sp025699485
s__Collinsella sp019414685
s__JAJPJH01 sp021324335
s__Mariniphaga sp019429205
s__Pleionea mediterranea
s__CAMZKK01 sp947311175
s__JAILGW01 sp024696365
s__SIG710 sp017550115
s__RGIG7114 sp905236305
s__UBA2386 sp016793305
s__Caccovivens sp944345365
s__JAOZMY01 sp026986155
s__Sphingomonas sp001423845
s__HGM11412 sp937912025
s__CALELM01 sp937902665
s__Pullibacteroides sp947177845
s__UBA4923 sp012511735
s__CADDZH01 sp902812455
s__Sinomonas sp030908215
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_P
s__JAHDHI01 sp947496215
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946616285
s__Cellulomonas sp017744555
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949300325
s__Defluviicoccus sp025458035
s__JAOZQN01 sp029938985
s__UBA6100 sp002423585
s__UBA737 sp017939855
s__20CM-2-55-15 sp003222755
s__Agathobacter sp945949045
s__CAG-196 sp902788575
s__Anaerobacillus_A sp028610625
s__JAHEKZ01 sp027117675
s__Patiriisocius sp949507465
s__Nitrospira_D sp025934915
s__Onthocola_B sp944363805
s__Lentzea guizhouensis
s__JAACPJ01 sp947311285
s__Sulfidibacterium sp003232915
s__UBA1217 sp002309155
s__Pauljensenia sp938041695
s__Emticicia sp017495105
s__UBA9973 sp943359485
s__Phocaeicola sp949296855
s__J048 sp027030825
s__Blautia_A sp030527365
s__GJ-E10 sp021784185
s__JAMDAL01 sp023484305
s__JAPLDU01 sp026391255
s__JAKOTC01 sp029776465
s__Rhodoferax sp021812315
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio mercurii
s__MIBM01 sp001830645
s__UBA1511 sp030836365
s__Gottfriedia sp002156875
s__G019454225 sp019454225
s__Thiolapillus sp027038775
s__Roseovarius sp951812895
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017428945
s__YN15 sp029256065
s__SLGQ01 sp007132725
s__JAHFSL01 sp023265785
s__Metabacillus fastidiosus
s__JAFGPL01 sp016933335
s__UBA997 sp002291945
s__JAFGUD01 sp020722645
s__Rhodoluna sp903866485
s__Pelolinea sp013178095
s__Oribacterium sp900113415
s__ZC4RG37 sp003242195
s__Nocardiopsis salina
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_G
s__Lutibacter sp012524075
s__Microbacterium sp002362255
s__SZUA-444 sp023439835
s__Sideroxyarcus lithotrophicus
s__Drouetiella sp012034795
s__Clostridium_J sp002381695
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_A
s__UBA7067 sp947588875
s__Nitrosoglobus terrae
s__Azospirillum brasilense_F
s__UBA3855 sp017483465
s__AQU-09 sp018500015
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030536095
s__Nitrospira_D sp019636815
s__Hyphococcus sp002388885
s__UMGS1766 sp937907975
s__NK4A136 sp029558315
s__CANJSG01 sp946480965
s__JAGVJT01 sp027449525
s__CAG-793 sp946496115
s__Oceanihabitans sp018067265
s__JACPRA01 sp016190215
s__Variovorax sp945860785
s__JASSZH01 sp030271165
s__MB11C04 sp029252505
s__Paenibacillus_E sp021513275
s__Luteolibacter muciniphilus_B
s__Halarcobacter sp024228275
s__Sedimentibacter acidaminivorans
s__JAMBLL01 sp024275815
s__Nocardioides sp029846275
s__Aquisediminimonas profunda
s__Onthomorpha sp937881815
s__Prevotella sp017538195
s__UBA695 sp903928175
s__66-474 sp030123585
s__WJKM01 sp014729085
s__JAFGLO01 sp016927995
s__UBA2210 sp030619435
s__Hominicoprocola sp024698225
s__Petralouisia sp001940225
s__UMGS1585 sp949294335
s__RUG12395 sp015064505
s__MB11C04 sp002692535
s__Sphingobacterium griseoflavum
s__Methylophaga sp007117275
s__JAALKW01 sp029212505
s__Flavobacterium sp903888655
s__JABDFY01 sp013286365
s__Roseicyclus sp030163755
s__AHLZ01 sp000244995
s__Vibrio galatheae
s__JAAFHB01 sp947475715
s__JAHFJA01 sp030688365
s__WRKD01 sp009778255
s__Azospirillum oryzae_A
s__UBA6078 sp028718565
s__XBB2008 sp017460885
s__Thiomicrorhabdus marina
s__JABEUX01 sp021807645
s__JAHITH01 sp018819325
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_P
s__AG11 sp028287225
s__MS024-2A sp002169865
s__Bovifimicola sp902786365
s__CR02bin9 sp004525335
s__Nevskia sp028291705
s__Lepagella sp022509105
s__JAHDFY01 sp020627925
s__Leptolyngbya sp015206935
s__J054 sp947258805
s__Sulfuricurvum sp020721585
s__Chryseobacterium edaphi
s__Eubacterium_R sp937876375
s__Faecousia sp934565775
s__UBA6109 sp002428445
s__JAHEJX01 sp024226255
s__JADJWR01 sp024641225
s__Cellulomonas sp023424135
s__Limiplasma sp012517815
s__DUUS01 sp012841465
s__VAZQ01 sp005883135
s__Acetatifactor sp002314715
s__SYAN01 sp009704555
s__Shewanella sp000014685
s__CAILAO01 sp903832105
s__JAJDHV01 sp030266365
s__GWA2-32-17 sp016218155
s__CACIJG01 sp902580265
s__MAG-120802 sp947503395
s__RF16 sp946403215
s__GCA-2691245 sp902550225
s__2-02-FULL-66-22 sp016209735
s__Nostoc sp029379315
s__Prevotella sp946404405
s__Thermodesulfitimonas autotrophica
s__JAEZHW01 sp023436775
s__WQXA01 sp009786195
s__Silvimonas terrae
s__Phosphoribacter sp029552065
s__Pedobacter nyackensis
s__UBA2284 sp018818645
s__Anaerobacillus alkalidiazotrophicus
s__Herbivorax sp030848475
s__PHOS-HE28 sp014584605
s__AUK083 sp021158345
s__Microbacterium kunmingense
s__Thermodesulfatator autotrophicus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp030537315
s__CAACVY01 sp026417735
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209375
s__JACMQM01 sp029237685
s__PSRF01 sp023717605
s__UMGS902 sp017445085
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AF
s__CAITLU01 sp016218925
s__RAAP-2 sp013044265
s__UBA7050 sp023667365
s__Porcipelethomonas sp949745795
s__RUG14846 sp947306375
s__RZYO01 sp016649775
s__Nocardioides sp016462705
s__RUG14215 sp902796915
s__Ferdinandcohnia onubensis_A
s__JAAYGU01 sp012727535
s__SIG607 sp015065585
s__JASGCK01 sp030054145
s__Ga0077548 sp021730825
s__UBA1847 sp002338605
s__Ruminococcus_C sp937915125
s__G020354275 sp020354275
s__CAJOIG01 sp947626495
s__JAIRLM01 sp031268795
s__Serratia sp003812745
s__Macondimonas sp021783685
s__CAKRHR01 sp934339005
s__Lepagella sp947575235
s__Caccovivens sp947627585
s__UBA8231 sp027593305
s__PGZG01 sp023146255
s__JAPULJ01 sp027295145
s__Eubacterium_R sp017446095
s__01-FULL-49-22b sp030698465
s__Lancefieldella sp015259105
s__Streptomyces sp030817495
s__RUG14891 sp946617625
s__Paenibacillus xylanilyticus
s__FEN-1388 sp003170575
s__JALURZ01 sp027058735
s__Tannerella sp031259505
s__AG-422-B15 sp902523455
s__Mucilaginibacter rivuli
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688375
s__Pontibacter ruber
s__JAHDHI01 sp020631395
s__Granulicella sp009766105
s__Caulobacter sp030678995
s__JALGZD01 sp030609605
s__21-14-0-20-44-7 sp002787615
s__Celeribacter baekdonensis_B
s__JACJXD01 sp020636845
s__Niallia nealsonii
s__Sutterella sp020025965
s__CAIVPW01 sp016869235
s__UBA1067 sp017507065
s__CAG-452 sp948437895
s__Conexibacter woesei
s__Sideroxyarcus sp030652215
s__VGPE01 sp016875645
s__WVYX01 sp011772755
s__JACKLP01 sp024235875
s__JAGVAW01 sp020060085
s__Variovorax sp903872875
s__Limnohabitans_A sp002778285
s__RUG11788 sp946402315
s__JAQCKO01 sp027592325
s__JAJRVJ01 sp024277435
s__Martelella sp013184775
s__Chlorobium sp004332115
s__Faecisoma sp958413985
s__CAKZJW01 sp025210745
s__PHAA01 sp028709355
s__Sphingomonas sp004340945
s__UBA1268 sp009922585
s__Planomonospora sp015711645
s__BRH-c8a sp022360435
s__Methylobacter_C sp903903765
s__JACDGP01 sp013821605
s__Limnocylindrus sp903938075
s__Echinicola shivajiensis
s__Pluralincolimonas frigidipaludosa
s__UBA8670 sp011390775
s__IH3 sp017794705
s__JAAYTG01 sp012518075
s__GWE2-41-16 sp903831405
s__Fimimonas sp022508345
s__UBA4720 sp030774675
s__UBA6902 sp016208905
s__Acinetobacter sp003268395
s__MB11C04 sp030830145
s__UBA1181 sp937916355
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947624665
s__Actinoplanes sp019704555
s__Pauljensenia sp001064145
s__Desulfobulbus oligotrophicus
s__CAG-196 sp902775025
s__Hominimerdicola sp937894495
s__Nocardia amamiensis
s__Shewanella profunda
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp022508365
s__Amylibacter sp016764475
s__JAENIX01 sp016218975
s__UBA8438 sp937766455
s__JAJEEA01 sp958295905
s__Aestuariivirga sp009885825
s__Giesbergeria sp019745615
s__Streptomyces sp013362995
s__DYLD01 sp020722315
s__JADJBV01 sp016703535
s__CADEFT01 sp020847895
s__Nanogingivalis sp934717805
s__JAUNAV01 sp030527425
s__Neolewinella sp003390915
s__CAG-273 sp947057505
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp005800965
s__Marinobacter sp022343555
s__Faecousia sp015068235
s__JAFUXM01 sp017450125
s__VGSO01 sp016874945
s__Aquimarina mytili
s__Cycloclasticus sp002401365
s__Pseudoalteromonas shioyasakiensis_A
s__Thermalbibacter sp014874455
s__Pelagibacter sp028226535
s__Nesterenkonia lacusekhoensis
s__Collinsella sp905215205
s__JAOABV01 sp026418155
s__Desulfatiglans anilini
s__UBA6382 sp017963785
s__CAJBEU01 sp947456795
s__JAFDMD01 sp019306185
s__Gemmata sp005773755
s__GN02-873 sp002747975
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp002361095
s__CAJBME01 sp023253495
s__Acinetobacter sp002165305
s__CAG-452 sp947588635
s__Bifidobacterium sp945269915
s__CAKUEI01 sp934646175
s__Flexifilum sp937927665
s__Paenibacillus_Z phyllosphaerae
s__Leucobacter sp030010235
s__Saccharimonas sp938036785
s__Cytobacillus stercorigallinarum
s__Rifleibacterium sp009928855
s__Mobilitalea sp023411215
s__Seohaeicola zhoushanensis
s__SHVO01 sp019752235
s__Parvibaculum sp027352645
s__SMWZ01 sp030673955
s__Acetatifactor sp015056795
s__Algiphilus sp023145115
s__WGCX01 sp015493575
s__UBA1752 sp017629175
s__JACCYU01 sp013695765
s__Limnothrix rosea
s__JAICHT01 sp025924755
s__CAG-269 sp947627295
s__Paenibacillus_AM albiflavus
s__Gemmobacter_B sp027484985
s__RUG11894 sp017557505
s__JAIRMO01 sp031283755
s__UBA2144 sp021734665
s__JAITAD01 sp031284275
s__JAQUYY01 sp028691575
s__Paenisporosarcina sp018816185
s__Pyruvatibacter sp028279995
s__Pelagibacter sp902522915
s__CANKBT01 sp947479995
s__Deinococcus apachensis
s__JACDGH01 sp013815395
s__DTU089 sp017631355
s__Flavobacterium sp015594725
s__PWNZ01 sp003564135
s__CALKTZ01 sp937997355
s__Rippkaea sp029919255
s__JAFDCJ01 sp902749685
s__OMJO01 sp900299395
s__UBA1213 sp946186665
s__Flexifilum sp934216615
s__Actinosynnema violaceirubrum
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp905365345
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903869595
s__JASHUC01 sp030040795
s__Sphingomonas sp001421995
s__Amphibacillus_B sediminis
s__Hominibacterium sp020558355
s__JACRNE01 sp025451045
s__Microvirga sp023450615
s__PXBQ01 sp007695285
s__Ponticaulis koreensis
s__Fusibacter paucivorans
s__Azonexus sp016714975
s__Pelomonas sp019237615
s__Pueribacillus sp002453275
s__Maribacter_A sp000153165
s__Salirhabdus_A salicampi
s__JABWCE01 sp945878925
s__UBA6249 sp026387255
s__Dysosmobacter sp020025475
s__Pelobium psychrophilum
s__Dyadobacter crusticola
s__Leeuwenhoekiella aequorea
s__UBA7377 sp002684875
s__UBA6053 sp002429065
s__CALKYM01 sp938003525
s__JAADJA01 sp026984135
s__Roseivirga misakiensis
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AW
s__Micromonospora lupini_A
s__UBA2396 sp015200025
s__Helicobacter_J sp002272865
s__JALZUR01 sp023301025
s__Maridesulfovibrio frigidus
s__UBA1847 sp022866645
s__Pelagibacter sp902595285
s__UBA953 sp903831005
s__Thalassotalea_F euphylliae_B
s__Naumannella halotolerans
s__Desulfobacter sp030145005
s__UBA9264 sp002709225
s__PHOS-HE28 sp017987115
s__CF-162 sp022565075
s__Clostridioides difficile_G
s__Akkermansia sp030536145
s__JANQHU01 sp028282485
s__Streptococcus sp902489265
s__UBA953 sp030834165
s__Salipiger abyssi
s__JACRPW01 sp016223005
s__BOG-933 sp903927615
s__Proteiniclasticum ruminis_A
s__Rubrobacter_D sp902806015
s__JAHEJJ01 sp024638915
s__Labedella endophytica
s__CAMZNW01 sp947313935
s__Ruegeria atlantica_F
s__Streptomyces brevispora
s__JAPUHZ01 sp027297485
s__Sphingobacterium olei
s__UMGS1663 sp947581805
s__JAIOPA01 sp021414165
s__Paracoccus sp030539455
s__JAADEN01 sp026985995
s__Hymenobacter translucens
s__Fimenecus sp022508805
s__JAPLJV01 sp026388415
s__Dysgonomonas sp934668725
s__VFZH01 sp016871255
s__C7867-001 sp028695415
s__Paucibacter_A sp025717555
s__UBA4416 sp947487905
s__UBA7702 sp902766525
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025655595
s__BOG-234 sp030036985
s__Rhodococcus sp023264675
s__JAADJA01 sp020052415
s__JAJRWW01 sp024276595
s__CAJWJK01 sp913041535
s__JAJQEJ01 sp021201735
s__UBA12158 sp018818185
s__Mesorhizobium_A sp002336975
s__Coproplasma sp947624005
s__RGIG8773 sp947629785
s__UBA1265 sp002308475
s__Cryobacterium sp015752155
s__LCIL01 sp001001045
s__Acetobacteroides sp000798815
s__RGIG8244 sp017503545
s__RGIG8773 sp947177545
s__Microbacterium sp023431405
s__Streptomyces sp013364155
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279055
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp946183095
s__Coproplasma sp944354265
s__JALNZU01 sp018336075
s__Cellvibrio sp016712405
s__Poriferisocius sp951813325
s__JAOXSD01 sp025800205
s__UBA7867 sp017468205
s__Rubritalea sp937951395
s__Daejeonella rubra
s__GCA-002793355 sp030583685
s__UBA1255 sp017613535
s__Spyradenecus sp017531445
s__Aerococcus sp002440555
s__Palsa-187 sp003223065
s__UBA1547 sp903844835
s__Levilactobacillus andaensis
s__Mycobacterium sp025965855
s__Desulfogranum propionicus_B
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031284365
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp000964525
s__Butyrivibrio sp000420865
s__Streptococcus infantis_E
s__Aliterella sp003003885
s__Geodermatophilus poikilotrophus
s__HXMU1428-3 sp021604665
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017515125
s__Paraprevotella sp021205005
s__UBA9959 sp001799635
s__UBA7867 sp944383915
s__Eubacterium_F sp016280325
s__JAGQYP01 sp020436025
s__Mycoplana subbaraonis
s__JADKBO01 sp937872515
s__JAQTYB01 sp028688475
s__Mangrovimonas spongiae
s__JAHECQ01 sp027730885
s__JAAYDI01 sp012729315
s__Edaphocola aurantiacus
s__Tengunoibacter tsumagoiensis
s__Actinoalloteichus spitiensis
s__WYBL01 sp023701125
s__VXRD01 sp026706845
s__Dysosmobacter sp905236835
s__Fibrobacter sp017550445
s__Liquorilactobacillus sicerae
s__Amycolatopsis australiensis
s__JAGPNC01 sp018052565
s__Myceligenerans xiligouense
s__Altericroceibacterium indicum
s__B1 sp022402405
s__RUG11977 sp024695205
s__Cetobacterium sp014250685
s__SMWT01 sp004356615
s__RBG-16-43-11 sp001805165
s__Lacticaseibacillus sp028736235
s__UBA10329 sp937900875
s__JAHEIW01 sp030145015
s__UBA5623 sp002424495
s__Treponema_D bryantii_C
s__QYQD01 sp028715605
s__GCA-2704625 sp902519465
s__Vicinibacter sp002360455
s__BOG-1155 sp003165115
s__Pseudomonas_F sp000949385
s__DAOUUR01 sp030640905
s__PALSA-911 sp025356735
s__Flagellimonas sp000745185
s__Roseibium sp000148725
s__Neorhizobium sp030323265
s__Sphingomonas sp004216825
s__JAPLOD01 sp026692735
s__Marinobacterium_D zhoushanense
s__Hydrogenothermus sp015490675
s__Caldicoprobacter algeriensis
s__SZUA-87 sp003231645
s__Borreliella lusitaniae
s__SZUA-1403 sp947311245
s__PHOS-HE28 sp026129465
s__GWB1-54-5 sp002772545
s__GWC2-73-18 sp001794945
s__Thermoanaerobacter sp014896455
s__JACROF01 sp016214555
s__Sphingomicrobium limnosediminicola
s__Thermotoga sp002866025
s__CAG-170 sp934655875
s__Azonexus sp017983615
s__Onthoplasma sp937896905
s__Pelagibacter sp902568875
s__JAMDEE01 sp023487605
s__GWA1-44-24 sp001001115
s__Oceanirhabdus seepicola
s__JAHEZL01 sp023251095
s__Mucilaginibacter pedocola
s__Thermocrinis ruber
s__CAIYRB01 sp903915625
s__Aurantimicrobium minutum_A
s__CALMWW01 sp937870835
s__Pseudonocardia pini
s__Porticoccus sp950063125
s__XYD1-FULL-44-32 sp001823065
s__JACRCG01 sp030824515
s__WRKP01 sp031283825
s__Onthousia sp946497925
s__CAIWCT01 sp016932595
s__ZC4RG24 sp003242685
s__JACQYA01 sp016208425
s__Paracoccus nototheniae
s__WRKG01 sp009778185
s__Sulfitobacter sediminilitoris
s__Faecousia sp015068135
s__UBA6382 sp017960825
s__JAGVLG01 sp030431675
s__JACOND01 sp026713205
s__Streptomyces sp000974485
s__Pseudolabrys sp016124795
s__AG11 sp019510405
s__CAG-269 sp944388775
s__UBA636 sp934675465
s__Parvularcula marina
s__JAHEKO01 sp029263375
s__AG-337-I02 sp902615845
s__JADFNQ01 sp022564695
s__HGM16780 sp949289935
s__UBA9410 sp022451505
s__SIG480 sp015068085
s__Trichofilum aggregatum
s__JAJDAK01 sp029261895
s__CAJXUU01 sp029212405
s__JAPKYZ01 sp026394075
s__UBA964 sp023253235
s__JAAZPQ01 sp012840855
s__Legionella sp030158115
s__Halopseudomonas sp016763285
s__Afipia sp030652315
s__UBA2199 sp026393775
s__CTSoil-072 sp017889545
s__Rhizobacter sp900142965
s__Ga0077523 sp025459035
s__CALZIK01 sp024224155
s__Pelagibacter sp902604785
s__JAERRU01 sp016735295
s__Gilvimarinus sp024204685
s__DAOWIN01 sp030640885
s__CALAJP01 sp937922815
s__JAGWNR01 sp028871265
s__UBA6249 sp028718245
s__RUG626 sp947584295
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AM
s__Wujia sp029338675
s__JAAFHB01 sp026391655
s__Nioella sp002783145
s__UBA5578 sp947626855
s__Polyangium sp016715885
s__JAFGBY01 sp016932915
s__Pelagibacter sp902566315
s__Arthrobacter sp001766675
s__Lutimonas sp030613745
s__DT-33 sp013215105
s__JALQUO01 sp945875075
s__Leptospira_B broomii
s__Devosia faecipullorum
s__JAUYDJ01 sp030690025
s__JAAEQR01 sp024231215
s__Cellvibrio polysaccharolyticus
s__JAJRZC01 sp024275435
s__JACPUW01 sp016192035
s__Epilithonimonas zeae_A
s__Erwinia sp003751505
s__F0422 sp003992055
s__QYQD01 sp030017815
s__Lactobacillus sp029433515
s__Streptomyces sp018614615
s__Catenulispora rubra
s__CAKSEI01 sp946040935
s__JAPOXK01 sp026707145
s__JAKOUY01 sp029782355
s__UBA2134 sp002718285
s__JAFABT01 sp023425905
s__QHXM01 sp013698055
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002204795
s__UBA6249 sp028715095
s__JAGXRT01 sp030694835
s__JAKEGN01 sp020027645
s__Chryseobacterium luteum
s__CAG-492 sp947165105
s__GUT77 sp031281225
s__JAHEDB01 sp029881995
s__JAURDE01 sp030828105
s__UMGS1071 sp029098185
s__Cypionkella sp018063485
s__Paenibacillus monticola
s__Desulfovibrio sp023419375
s__Enterococcus palustris
s__PH2015 sp937899715
s__Endozoicomonas sp023822025
s__Bradyrhizobium sp019748335
s__Parapusillimonas sp013416435
s__JAAYBY01 sp012521915
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp017303895
s__Gilliamella apicola_K
s__Nitrosococcus halophilus
s__Flavitalea sp023416995
s__Limnohabitans sp027924905
s__Collinsella sp905215275
s__JACXUX01 sp014763725
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_J
s__Holophaga sp031292735
s__Phormidesmis priestleyi_B
s__DAOVFR01 sp030672805
s__Collinsella sp902496375
s__UBA5774 sp002418625
s__Rugosimonospora africana
s__2-02-FULL-61-13 sp001801865
s__Faecousia sp015067635
s__KM106-2 sp023441145
s__Pelagibacter sp028226735
s__Aureimonas_A leprariae
s__JAFGQR01 sp016935555
s__GWB1-39-10 sp016432365
s__Mesorhizobium sp016591715
s__RFTO01 sp018970205
s__Thermanaerovibrio velox
s__Hymenobacter terrestris
s__HRBIN35 sp030550735
s__RYN-122 sp025464695
s__QANA01 sp947063485
s__Ruegeria meonggei
s__JALRJW01 sp937138295
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401715
s__Mojavia pulchra
s__CF-39 sp030774095
s__Raoultibacter sp031256895
s__G030913385 sp030913385
s__RPRI01 sp020723255
s__Hydrogenispora sp023417475
s__Thermomonas sp946480065
s__CANFDS01 sp025350775
s__JACZKS01 sp014859895
s__VGSQ01 sp016874975
s__JAABPW01 sp011391785
s__CAJXJZ01 sp027038175
s__Pseudoroseomonas oryzae
s__JAIBJN01 sp020029595
s__VFKP01 sp009885935
s__Shewanella pealeana
s__RGIG1995 sp017547655
s__Solirubrobacter phytolaccae
s__JAITBJ01 sp031283665
s__JACJWR01 sp030837445
s__Prevotella sp902776685
s__Listeria sp902806445
s__Paramuribaculum sp023663805
s__VGDP01 sp016869675
s__JAGQNK01 sp020428105
s__Arthrobacter_M sp026627425
s__Treponema_D sp024697295
s__Nitrospira_D sp029194725
s__CACORA01 sp027622795
s__Enterousia sp015062545
s__JAJZUD01 sp945860585
s__WGA-3G sp028824575
s__JAIBAN01 sp019695185
s__Gallispira sp030536675
s__Anaerobium acetethylicum
s__UBA11704 sp003518045
s__Collinsella sp902493985
s__DTU063 sp023622055
s__Geodermatophilus saharensis
s__RUG591 sp017460745
s__SYFT01 sp016871335
s__Occallatibacter sp018268915
s__B22-G1 sp003641405
s__Bradyrhizobium sp900103365
s__Alistipes sp958449275
s__UBA11574 sp022340885
s__Lysobacter_A lactosilyticus
s__Zwartia parapertussis_K
s__JAQUPP01 sp028717225
s__Streptomyces sp019510245
s__62-47 sp023386885
s__Chitinophaga agri
s__Allosaccharopolyspora coralli
s__JAADIZ01 sp027011025
s__JAKAGE01 sp027355945
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020852835
s__Collinsella sp031294825
s__Shewanella glacialimarina
s__UBA2943 sp017460395
s__SBAT01 sp019744775
s__Halothiobacillus neapolitanus_A
s__RUG705 sp944350315
s__JAUSJJ01 sp030647705
s__Akkermansia sp017472085
s__Zunongwangia endophytica
s__Streptomyces sp020740895
s__QHVS01 sp003223635
s__Bradyrhizobium sp005884465
s__Pontibacter sp947495565
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp937876315
s__Afipia sp024707075
s__JAQTTC01 sp028719125
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403795
s__Aureibaculum sp002352665
s__Sulfurovum sp027045015
s__RGIG8773 sp947626755
s__GCA-002712965 sp009391195
s__CAG-269 sp947062645
s__Saccharimonas sp927910745
s__SFWF01 sp017521125
s__SPGG5 sp001643555
s__JACQCQ01 sp016201505
s__Schlegelella_A sp030854825
s__HGM12713 sp017462145
s__Paracoccus saliphilus_A
s__JACVSB01 sp014534155
s__PRDV01 sp013288045
s__Peptoclostridium_A acidaminophilum
s__UBA9647 sp007280275
s__Palleronia salina
s__Marinilactibacillus kalidii
s__JACPSH01 sp016193395
s__JAEZDR01 sp023433265
s__UM-FILTER-34-10 sp002790395
s__CAG-269 sp944393125
s__RGIG8779 sp934527325
s__JAFLBE01 sp020161835
s__Streptomyces sp000514715
s__CADCVT01 sp030447275
s__UBA1711 sp017479705
s__CAG-1782 sp023394875
s__G020344375 sp020344375
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882095
s__SHLQ01 sp020629635
s__Psychrobacter sp002414005
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017433765
s__JAIRKX01 sp031270845
s__Cephaloticoccus capnophilus
s__Zeaxanthinibacter sp013003145
s__Veillonella sp019414865
s__Oceanobacillus bengalensis
s__JAJTBH01 sp021287005
s__Morganella morganii_C
s__Roseibium sp023156505
s__0-14-0-80-59-12 sp002779395
s__IGN2 sp013388525
s__Hydromonas sp937862905
s__Sulfurimonas sp027068615
s__JAPPJI01 sp958295675
s__UBA11096 sp025062075
s__Prosthecobacter sp945863205
s__Cumulibacter sp900292035
s__Nanosyncoccus sp948663575
s__JALSQF01 sp026985555
s__DYGS01 sp020061305
s__Vogesella fluminis
s__CAJLXD01 sp949295005
s__Blautia_A sp030533315
s__Flavobacterium luteolum
s__Paraglaciecola atlantica_A
s__UBA9973 sp026395995
s__Eubacterium_I sp902475415
s__RUG13583 sp937885735
s__JAABTL01 sp011390675
s__RUG572 sp017563185
s__CAILUR01 sp903837445
s__Luteimonas_D sp029887875
s__Sphingomonas faeni
s__GCA-2712715 sp002712715
s__Luteimonas_B sp004297225
s__JAJFGI01 sp021776055
s__UBA3855 sp024699425
s__UBA10183 sp001871815
s__Cellulomonas sp006715865
s__QFOX01 sp947441895
s__Fenollaria sp934202865
s__JAKLIU01 sp029565815
s__JAHIGH01 sp018900295
s__CAG-313 sp947627685
s__UBA5976 sp947486505
s__Collinsella sp958423535
s__Ventricola sp015056305
s__Yes71-27 sp030016455
s__Bradyrhizobium sp001908235
s__WRMH01 sp009785525
s__HGM12713 sp017457465
s__UBA3207 sp024695235
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902591415
s__Hydrogenophaga sp021729865
s__Promineifilum sp023384355
s__JAJFIN01 sp021774955
s__JACQGT01 sp945897075
s__Salisediminibacterium beveridgei
s__JAFGCD01 sp016933985
s__GCA-2401635 sp002401635
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp004296925
s__Prevotella sp902799455
s__Gottfriedia acidiceleris_A
s__JACDCA01 sp013694845
s__SIG452 sp017625695
s__JANYHH01 sp025359505
s__JANQQW01 sp028284885
s__JANWWW01 sp025055295
s__CALEIX01 sp937898825
s__JAGQNR01 sp020427985
s__R2A130 sp929200315
s__JAGQUL01 sp025964405
s__HGM04593 sp017555865
s__Flavobacterium sp025351785
s__JAFDFO01 sp019309815
s__Suilimivivens sp023663815
s__UBA12465 sp019248265
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AE
s__JAGBWK01 sp017536215
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017471025
s__Streptomyces sp021390935
s__UBA4372 sp017617635
s__Duganella aceris
s__CS2-K091 sp011776225
s__QHWT01 sp003222675
s__Aliidiomarina halalkaliphila
s__WRJC01 sp009785015
s__UBA8592 sp902565595
s__Jannaschia sp029853695
s__Otoolea transplantifaecalis
s__Pseudomonas_E lini_A
s__Scatovivens sp944390285
s__UBA3857 sp024691085
s__JAAEQP01 sp024231375
s__Streptococcus oralis_BJ
s__Catellatospora coxensis
s__CALELF01 sp937902895
s__Thermochromatium palmeri
s__UBA11704 sp023267555
s__Georhizobium sp902498825
s__JABDBP01 sp013288565
s__Palsa-1315 sp026387665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017469745
s__Scleromatobacter sp014378125
s__Aristaeella sp017431005
s__Sinobaca qinghaiensis
s__Falsiroseomonas mucosa_A
s__CALEWY01 sp937930695
s__UBA6821 sp903919105
s__CAADGU01 sp019637635
s__Colwellia sp913062815
s__Vescimonas sp015067975
s__Psychrosphaera ytuae
s__Moheibacter sp028694715
s__SZUA-584 sp023399095
s__Pajaroellobacter abortibovis
s__Ruminococcus sp015066955
s__SHXO01 sp025356655
s__Urechidicola sp021647835
s__JAQVOS01 sp028702495
s__Serinicoccus flavus
s__UBA1740 sp017456895
s__UBA9145 sp030147705
s__Sphingomicrobium alba
s__Comamonas phosphati
s__Pantanalinema sp016743235
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017619675
s__Rothia sp946221065
s__Aquirufa sp005791165
s__UBA2284 sp016934175
s__Paludibacter sp028705705
s__Fibrobacter sp937877005
s__Scatosoma sp017463145
s__JACPBB01 sp016180525
s__Bifidobacterium callitrichidarum
s__SZUA-444 sp023429785
s__Marinobacter sp029264995
s__Odyssella thessalonicensis
s__Gaiella sp009694305
s__M3007 sp016712415
s__JABDDS01 sp013287465
s__Onthovivens sp017470115
s__Isoptericola sp026934365
s__Levilactobacillus mulengensis
s__Flavihumibacter profundi
s__TOLSYN sp031296105
s__C7867-001 sp016182285
s__Robertmurraya dakarensis
s__JAJDTT01 sp951812665
s__JARIHD01 sp029288425
s__Ekhidna lutea
s__PSRF01 sp003488005
s__JACMQI01 sp014377045
s__SKIC01 sp007116685
s__Alistipes sp947591475
s__JAIOQA01 sp021413675
s__WRKP01 sp031283515
s__Propioniciclava sp029977985
s__JADJVA01 sp016714165
s__Galbitalea sp030838475
s__JAAXGF01 sp012267605
s__RGIG3872 sp017456465
s__JAKANV01 sp030647205
s__JAITAD01 sp031288615
s__PHOS-HE28 sp023430945
s__Methylotuvimicrobium alcaliphilum
s__DT12 sp026410385
s__TMED144 sp902542445
s__Neoroseomonas sp001464375
s__JAGGVN01 sp021158005
s__QHBS01 sp030946725
s__CAG-177 sp902784155
s__JAHELT01 sp029861595
s__Prosthecobacter sp014879935
s__GCA-2746425 sp002746425
s__Streptomyces sp003324565
s__Coprosoma sp946541645
s__RGIG8785 sp017620795
s__JABDJB01 sp029862285
s__RUG14156 sp947624685
s__Collinsella sp959596495
s__Enterenecus sp014799565
s__RUG626 sp947588955
s__GCA-002841655 sp016938835
s__JALYXV01 sp030838025
s__WRBF01 sp009784685
s__CAJOIG01 sp947587485
s__Solirubrobacter soli
s__CACJXQ01 sp902551695
s__Actinacidiphila sp009783685
s__Palsa-1315 sp014379455
s__Leadbettera sp009777995
s__Microbacterium sp028743715
s__LL51 sp031257405
s__JAEUHN01 sp963204975
s__RUG591 sp947630585
s__Pseudofulvimonas sp023228845
s__Naasia sp017916515
s__JAIRTA01 sp031255175
s__JAAXHH01 sp022822725
s__Ectothiorhodospira magna
s__Halanaerobium hydrogeniformans
s__GCA-2746605 sp024275455
s__JACKCR01 sp030431975
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp027451265
s__CAMDKS01 sp947476525
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389115
s__Fusobacterium sp018457305
s__Pseudobacillus sp003600835
s__Faecalimonas sp026169575
s__RGIG5612 sp021443845
s__JADDHL01 sp013151875
s__Levilactobacillus humaensis
s__GCA-016699145 sp943354505
s__Bacillus_CC carboniphilus
s__Sediminibacterium sp030158535
s__Stenotrophomonas sp030549525
s__UBA4588 sp949529445
s__Pelagibacter ubique_O
s__JAEZJL01 sp023415815
s__Vescimonas sp017458825
s__UBA2226 sp020053305
s__Paenibacillus sp009870785
s__PNOM01 sp031274925
s__Prevotella sp902495455
s__JAAYFB01 sp012728465
s__CAG-884 sp934162555
s__Flavobacterium ummariense
s__Collinsella sp019414045
s__S144-45 sp026996795
s__Isoptericola sp011634835
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281125
s__CAIUGU01 sp903898785
s__PLA2 sp023150495
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031263865
s__JAGONL01 sp020428465
s__Gallionella sp903934275
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_E
s__Planctomonas deserti
s__Ferrimonas futtsuensis
s__UBA8514 sp028695945
s__Planktophila sp947440735
s__Terrihabitans sp023388965
s__Thiomicrospira sp029581415
s__JACDDX01 sp013813435
s__JAGXFP01 sp030673265
s__Blautia_A sp022769545
s__Lysinibacter cavernae
s__Collinsella sp902493615
s__Qipengyuania aquimaris_A
s__Lentimonas sp030829145
s__UBA12068 sp000992325
s__CADEGZ01 sp027364575
s__Zwartia sp947484295
s__Lysobacter sp022637455
s__Solibacter sp017883345
s__Oceanobacillus arenosus
s__CAMFLJ01 sp945957335
s__Catenovulum sp026725475
s__Thioclava sp001705665
s__RUG14515 sp902799855
s__JACRGX01 sp016212185
s__Aliiroseovarius sp023016155
s__Alicyclobacillus_L sp021816665
s__SYIB01 sp027490145
s__RUG806 sp017440965
s__Staphylococcus cornubiensis
s__UBA1100 sp902551155
s__RUG563 sp017541205
s__Cryptobacteroides sp927798505
s__OLB17 sp016706275
s__Pontibacter sp015694705
s__WRMQ01 sp009785335
s__Xenorhabdus sp031253755
s__JAHEYX01 sp026461075
s__UBA10364 sp937942085
s__OFTM247 sp021773015
s__JACDAU01 sp016782125
s__Thioalkalivibrio_A denitrificans
s__SHYT01 sp009692665
s__Rudanella lutea
s__Faecousia sp946011705
s__Xylanibacillus composti
s__Saccharofermentans sp024688685
s__UBA1712 sp024698705
s__Sutterella sp030539355
s__Cryobacterium fucosi
s__JACRPM01 sp016223205
s__CAMBFR01 sp945865815
s__Collinsella sp900548295
s__JAACJV01 sp021378525
s__CAG-269 sp934168355
s__JAEZDX01 sp023417975
s__HGM11367 sp015069385
s__JAQSDB01 sp030146505
s__Pelagibacter sp902520685
s__Phenylobacterium aquaticum
s__SLJS01 sp913055795
s__NS-11 sp005877525
s__CAG-1000 sp947165135
s__JACQHE01 sp016199185
s__Thalassoglobus sp029259835
s__UBA2286 sp002841355
s__Rhodoferax sp023701345
s__Agreia sp904528075
s__JACPKW01 sp016186825
s__VGKB01 sp016867255
s__VXPQ01 sp028283985
s__Sulfuricaulis sp016200465
s__Pelagibacter sp902518185
s__DYKB01 sp020722815
s__STF1-184 sp028702545
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938018255
s__JAISGY01 sp031262225
s__RGIG4465 sp947624765
s__JAFGUQ01 sp023145435
s__JAHITL01 sp030655095
s__1-14-0-65-60-17 sp029262835
s__W260 sp029935455
s__RBG-13-49-15 sp001797695
s__Lichenihabitans minor
s__Occallatibacter sp003164635
s__JANQJO01 sp028281605
s__UBA4334 sp012729225
s__Ruminococcus sp017525915
s__JAFLBB01 sp020847045
s__Sphingomonas_Q naphthae
s__Protochlamydia_A phocaeensis
s__RUG099 sp902780815
s__Puniceibacterium sediminis
s__Rhizobium sp030380735
s__JAGQMX01 sp020428425
s__Caccenecus sp948437815
s__Pseudomonas_E protegens_B
s__Nocardia stercoris
s__Coprosoma sp947628765
s__Aristaeella sp946527725
s__Thiolinea sp008015155
s__JAFAZJ01 sp016869975
s__CALVUP01 sp944363635
s__SLNP01 sp016868515
s__Bog-105 sp019245255
s__JAJRPJ01 sp024280775
s__GPF-1 sp013619125
s__UMGS1663 sp947626735
s__Actinotalea sp025717005
s__Prevotella sp024401275
s__Hydrogenivirga sp024280065
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas larvae
s__CHPMRC01 sp016787225
s__JADHSW01 sp016776705
s__Anaerotignum sp020024395
s__Fimivivens sp020024215
s__JACQUT01 sp016267585
s__Sporocytophaga sp023428135
s__CASDZP01 sp947054185
s__JAIEOG01 sp019750655
s__JAJDNS01 sp022340585
s__CAADGU01 sp024223125
s__Mucilaginibacter ginsenosidivorans
s__Lactiplantibacillus modestisalitolerans
s__Ramlibacter sp027484575
s__JAENZW01 sp029858605
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp023438245
s__UBA8403 sp905479855
s__Lapidilactobacillus wuchangensis
s__JJ008 sp022843585
s__Terasakiella sp013373205
s__UBA967 sp018970255
s__JAANXG01 sp018263405
s__JALRGP01 sp023259685
s__Cellvibrio sp000953825
s__UBA4372 sp934394435
s__CADBQJ01 sp902796785
s__UBA4372 sp902783655
s__Saccharicrinis marinus_A
s__Huintestinicola sp017544185
s__RUG13409 sp947302945
s__VGCX01 sp945870825
s__Bulleidia sp024680365
s__Bin125 sp028873865
s__RGIG1927 sp017414645
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902797435
s__JAUXBK01 sp030619405
s__JADFXG01 sp004376055
s__Streptomyces sp023072595
s__QXHL01 sp003584005
s__D2472 sp902511425
s__JAHFLJ01 sp023244935
s__Anaerorhabdus furcosa
s__Palsa-360 sp020073705
s__UBA3282 sp014804605
s__Azohydromonas aeria
s__CAIULA01 sp019749935
s__UBA6019 sp002427995
s__Saccharimonas sp938036825
s__Pelagibacter sp902628635
s__Thiobacillus sp011391655
s__Rhodoluna sp024641095
s__Scatovivens sp947626885
s__Paracoccus sp029027965
s__Caccovivens sp945947685
s__JAGNKU01 sp017999985
s__VGTG01 sp029262355
s__34-128 sp030599445
s__Micromonospora sp029626035
s__UBA1711 sp017483575
s__JAAESQ01 sp024229275
s__JAAUSY01 sp012032475
s__Cohaesibacter sp025210795
s__Cellulosimicrobium protaetiae
s__Cereibacter_A ovatus
s__JALHUC01 sp022865845
s__WQZE01 sp009780875
s__AG-337-I02 sp902613275
s__Rhizobium miluonense
s__Antarcticimicrobium sp029212575
s__UBA8904 sp903904655
s__UBA953 sp937875975
s__Microbulbifer sp030012985
s__Bradyrhizobium sp902826195
s__B26-G9 sp003645745
s__JACDOE01 sp017656255
s__JAIMAR01 sp023511855
s__SIG480 sp017559985
s__UBA1875 sp002338125
s__UBA1924 sp026982335
s__Sedimentibacter sp002409285
s__Parabacteroides sp020026285
s__JAHFHR01 sp023246815
s__UBA1224 sp902782795
s__JAAYRQ01 sp023395515
s__SURF-52 sp020060385
s__JAHEDB01 sp022712915
s__MMGLT7 sp021168555
s__Algoriphagus sp030833985
s__Hyella patelloides
s__Albidovulum sp025751495
s__Winogradskyella thalassocola
s__RGIG1902 sp017560175
s__JACCES01 sp023388835
s__CAIRCN01 sp018239845
s__JACPCL1 sp016202485
s__SCTG01 sp030648395
s__Prochlorococcus sp902590775
s__CAISUK01 sp903888645
s__RF16 sp945949375
s__JAAYFT01 sp023229175
s__Aristaeella sp946408865
s__Streptomyces sp016598575
s__JAHEYF01 sp023251755
s__Acetobacter sp029759835
s__T3Sed10-213 sp011048645
s__PNOF01 sp013824645
s__Collinsella sp902465425
s__SKTG01 sp007118045
s__JADMII01 sp021813085
s__NK4A136 sp024689605
s__JAJZNU01 sp021811625
s__CAKAHY01 sp946999385
s__JACRKA01 sp016219905
s__FEN-1250 sp013697785
s__JADGBH01 sp015231595
s__Dulcicalothrix sp000331305
s__Marinobacter zhejiangensis
s__Methylophaga sp026319325
s__Actinoallomurus purpureus
s__AAP99 sp019695155
s__JACRCS01 sp016218905
s__Leptofilum sp020634565
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944377775
s__JASLFS01 sp030146285
s__UBA1179 sp024398615
s__JAHFLM01 sp023244865
s__Akkermansia sp945947905
s__Mycobacterium sp900240945
s__JAGOLU01 sp029573715
s__UBA964 sp937920275
s__Lelliottia sp022649305
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947475495
s__GCA-002402085 sp002402085
s__Dehalogenimonas sp024281335
s__RF16 sp002309835
s__JAFGSW01 sp016934415
s__Scopulibacillus_A daqui
s__CAMYKC01 sp947258865
s__Sulfurovum sp902727855
s__CAMQXE01 sp947038745
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946405485
s__UBA12481 sp026391235
s__UBA927 sp023245355
s__Tropicimonas haliotis
s__Anaerocolumna sp002294045
s__GCA-2748055 sp029931975
s__SO9 sp016406125
s__Caccovivens sp947588355
s__Desulforhopalus sp023412495
s__Phreatobacter sp022843985
s__Microbacterium sp022815605
s__Sunxiuqinia sp947495665
s__Rhodovulum sp002073975
s__JAUMWZ01 sp030529405
s__SFMI01 sp017549335
s__G958295645 sp958295645
s__Vulcanibacillus modesticaldus
s__Lysobacter_C arseniciresistens
s__RUG099 sp015058065
s__Methylocystis sp005771425
s__JACPKQ01 sp016186995
s__Acetatifactor sp024693365
s__Epidermidibacterium keratini
s__JAJUHJ01 sp029279965
s__CALHXW01 sp938040325
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902569465
s__Shewanella sp947495455
s__JAUVQL01 sp030598165
s__Parasulfuritortus cantonensis
s__Collinsella sp905216175
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A leonicaptivi
s__JANXBL01 sp025060575
s__JAHFFX01 sp023247755
s__JAAYFO01 sp012728215
s__VSJD01 sp026398415
s__JADLAT01 sp020848095
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019345465
s__JACPGQ01 sp016188975
s__Sphingomicrobium telluris
s__Fen-1058 sp030834825
s__UBA1195 sp905236885
s__JAQYDG01 sp028724265
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_H
s__Methylobacterium sp025813715
s__UBA6022 sp946887425
s__Miniphocaeibacter massiliensis
s__Phocaeicola sp002315285
s__Amycolatopsis decaplanina
s__Cohnella mopanensis
s__UBA4372 sp017466325
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AH
s__HLUCCA09 sp001314685
s__UBA9159 sp003453735
s__JAHITE01 sp018817585
s__Thermohalobaculum xanthum
s__Parasynechococcus sp000737595
s__UBA3282 sp014804495
s__Lysobacter_G lycopersici
s__Luteolibacter sp026397725
s__REEB95 sp028871055
s__Ga0077527 sp019635015
s__Streptomyces sp003665095
s__CALESS01 sp937907495
s__ER46 sp026398065
s__Pirellula_B sp026692845
s__JAILLW01 sp024690205
s__Blastomonas natatoria
s__UM-FILTER-37-10 sp002793075
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp913063155
s__Algoriphagus oliviformis
s__Pristimantibacillus luteus
s__Telluria sp024802625
s__Geothrix sp017859995
s__Acidoferrum sp003224525
s__Primorskyibacter marinus
s__Phormidium_B ambiguum
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028404615
s__Kordiimonas sp006226495
s__Rudanella sp028867935
s__Algicoccus parapertussis_A
s__JAGQNU01 sp020427905
s__ZC4RG25 sp023428365
s__Collinsella sp905207015
s__Aquisediminimonas sp903958285
s__Treponema_D sp902778325
s__OLB5 sp019912545
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031269945
s__Palsa-744 sp017882445
s__Edaphocola koreensis
s__MWBX01 sp028701035
s__JACFMZ01 sp019455105
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025656375
s__UBA2862 sp017480045
s__Parazoarcus sp018122735
s__Pleomorpha daqingensis
s__Saccharimonas sp938041435
s__JALGTD01 sp030603495
s__Muribaculum sp947573015
s__Avidesulfovibrio sp017613475
s__JAHDIR01 sp020628165
s__Onthousia sp946497955
s__Geothrix sp024609265
s__JAJDCM01 sp029260825
s__Treponema_D sp946532115
s__JAFGTN01 sp016934075
s__Thermoflexus japonica
s__Streptomyces sp000719475
s__BACL14 sp938084195
s__JAUVVL01 sp030604635
s__OLB17 sp014379075
s__Oscillatoria sp000332335
s__UBA9973 sp030855725
s__GCA-2746365 sp011321985
s__Azonexus sp002840785
s__Prevotella sp905235905
s__Bradyrhizobium liaoningense_C
s__WQYJ01 sp031268515
s__Halopseudomonas sp002840055
s__CAG-267 sp017621635
s__Larkinella humicola
s__OLB17 sp016715795
s__WGA-3G sp021295715
s__Edaphobacter sp002197545
s__UBA4802 sp029548025
s__CG2-30-54-11 sp001873755
s__Marinobacter_A nanhaiticus
s__UBA10103 sp001781555
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp021730945
s__Acaryochloris sp000238775
s__RUG563 sp017470945
s__Pelagibacter sp902606105
s__JAAFJT01 sp016787525
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024402135
s__Streptomyces calidiresistens
s__Povalibacter sp937864115
s__WQYP01 sp903868035
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024655605
s__JAHIIS01 sp020341815
s__CAIKUF01 sp903830565
s__JABDBL01 sp027451745
s__TFI-002 sp900230115
s__JAJRWY01 sp024276575
s__BRH-c57 sp000961745
s__SFEB01 sp902496185
s__JAPUHK01 sp027297745
s__Algorimicrobium argentinense
s__JAISXZ01 sp031270275
s__WHTL01 sp009377435
s__DSXF01 sp019873735
s__Alistipes sp017654125
s__Desulfuromonas sp002084665
s__Nanosynbacter sp938042055
s__Paramuribaculum sp029051835
s__Senegalimassilia sp937925385
s__RUG626 sp947588605
s__Dysgonomonas sp031285905
s__JAFGCD01 sp016932835
s__JAKASW01 sp024641705
s__JAUNSN01 sp030539175
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017962925
s__Coxiella sp907164965
s__JAJKIP01 sp946479615
s__JAUHWS01 sp030426875
s__Paracaedibacter_A sp020718185
s__Duncaniella sp023667185
s__JAENJC01 sp016208525
s__Aquabacterium sp021768455
s__Vreelandella sp020991005
s__Pontimonas salivibrio
s__Shewanella sp021513195
s__Aminipila aminobutyrica
s__Coprenecus stercoravium
s__UBA955 sp947460045
s__Pseudochrobactrum sp030376605
s__JAJPJX01 sp021324015
s__Dokdonella denitrificans_A
s__SCMT01 sp017302135
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_D
s__Gordonia sp022206305
s__JADJCP01 sp020724415
s__Aquabacterium sp918741295
s__CAG-475 sp947581925
s__Campylobacter_D aviculae
s__CACFNH01 sp902597875
s__JADJGC01 sp963205155
s__JABMPZ01 sp013203565
s__SP197 sp958295695
s__PFJX01 sp016219425
s__RUG14300 sp902797685
s__Thiobacillus sp018780025
s__Mawsoniella sp030853635
s__SCAELEC01 sp031316235
s__Eubacterium_B sp017612585
s__Enterobacter_D sp019218745
s__Alistipes sp017555695
s__Ekhidna sp006969745
s__JAIRNJ01 sp031268245
s__UBA2040 sp024643585
s__UBA12474 sp003484685
s__GCA-002733105 sp029248745
s__RGIG4608 sp017483195
s__Jannaschia helgolandensis
s__JAFGJP01 sp016929035
s__Aquibium oceanicum
s__Alloprevotella sp958404085
s__Egibacter rhizosphaerae
s__Rhodoferax_C sp025363275
s__JAGROY01 sp027618625
s__CAG-1031 sp947570265
s__HTCC2207 sp000511875
s__Williamsia_A sp016462415
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017506895
s__CAG-433 sp017938725
s__C-114 sp005881055
s__Lysobacter_B sp030538735
s__Tannerella sp031272655
s__Pseudomonas_E sp026398835
s__Dactylopiibacterium sp002307175
s__Sedimentibacter hydroxybenzoicus
s__DFXE01 sp031269535
s__CAMYJP01 sp947258675
s__MGBC139354 sp947644695
s__PALSA-600 sp013362295
s__Sphingopyxis sp016704835
s__Sphingobacterium shayense
s__JAFGAQ01 sp028704125
s__WQTU01 sp009780675
s__OLZORAL124-38-8 sp002747745
s__Blastococcus sp026967805
s__KM106-2 sp030539495
s__JAFUYI01 sp017470585
s__JACPCR01 sp016179685
s__Pseudoclavibacter_C sp030532485
s__CAMYNG01 sp947259765
s__JAUSPI01 sp030655775
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp900109775
s__Akkermansia sp947601655
s__WQZC01 sp009780925
s__Aliikangiella sp026196875
s__Colwellia maritima
s__VYDC01 sp009843585
s__Brevibacterium atlanticum
s__Termitinema sp031283725
s__CALJDF01 sp026421105
s__UBA2813 sp902777855
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024692185
s__Magnetospirillum aberrantis
s__Enteromonas sp024687185
s__Pararhodonellum marinum
s__Paucibacter_A sp001477625
s__Rhizobium freirei
s__Caballeronia calva
s__Gillisia sp000424645
s__JAJRPJ01 sp024280835
s__Mycobacterium decipiens
s__JAISFC01 sp031263785
s__JAEUIX01 sp016794945
s__JAHKAQ01 sp018825765
s__JADFRG01 sp023250385
s__Ewingella sp946478305
s__JAAYTV01 sp029565685
s__MED-G52 sp902525915
s__Polyangium sp029946515
s__UBA7868 sp934747965
s__Nocardioides sp025966445
s__RGIG3456 sp017535315
s__JAEVZK01 sp023392285
s__Mycobacterium engbaekii
s__CAG-238 sp902465215
s__UBA10329 sp020635535
s__Hanamia sp003132765
s__PXDR01 sp003566335
s__Rudaeicoccus suwonensis
s__Vicingus serpentipes
s__Brevundimonas sp023433655
s__BMS3ABIN03 sp020354005
s__JAFGPJ01 sp003533825
s__GWB1-45-5 sp001816645
s__Blautia_A sp934437695
s__UBA3076 sp021159445
s__Rhodohalobacter halophilus
s__JAUWVG01 sp030617525
s__Sodalinema sp001314905
s__Aquamicrobium_A microcysteis
s__UBA929 sp031254195
s__Limimaricola litoreus
s__UBA4421 sp029244465
s__PHBI01 sp006226565
s__UBA2475 sp002342065
s__Paenibacillus_Z oenotherae
s__Azonexus sp002842345
s__JAMDBZ01 sp023488945
s__Clostridium_AG cavendishii
s__UBA6668 sp002455215
s__Sulfurimonas sp027019325
s__UBA7656 sp002483445
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029714425
s__Flagellimonas pacifica
s__JAJPJF01 sp021324415
s__UBA3065 sp018882975
s__Nitratifractor sp913054475
s__Gemmatimonas sp947461225
s__JAUWNP01 sp030612185
s__Desulfonema_B ishimotonii
s__CAJQNE01 sp905479545
s__Aegiribacteria sp021107345
s__ASP10-02a sp028598985
s__SUG1189 sp029007015
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017472865
s__Reyranella sp029946105
s__Pristimantibacillus arenilitoris
s__CAITWD01 sp017882555
s__M0103 sp903930085
s__XBB2008 sp017450485
s__Cyanobacterium sp015272165
s__Collinsella sp019414565
s__Microbulbifer variabilis_B
s__UBA9715 sp017432445
s__UBA10324 sp023251195
s__DUWA01 sp012840755
s__CASFHD01 sp949293925
s__Sphingomonas sp902498785
s__Marinobacter antarcticus
s__Aliidiomarina indica
s__Rhodovarius crocodyli_A
s__GCA-2704625 sp902530635
s__MGBC102946 sp947365915
s__1XD8-76 sp021769625
s__Kitasatospora sp017427025
s__UBA1738 sp029007725
s__UBA4951 sp017468925
s__CALGSZ01 sp937901745
s__V9D3004 sp015057375
s__Proteiniphilum sp012513315
s__Streptomyces oceani
s__UBA4372 sp905234605
s__JALTRC01 sp026998145
s__BPJU01 sp026004775
s__CAG-793 sp947061115
s__RI-211 sp020853975
s__SUG1186 sp029006935
s__Ess09-12 sp031082125
s__Kiloniella litopenaei
s__Solitalea koreensis
s__GCA-2733415 sp913054565
s__JAKIU001 sp024280475
s__Bipolaricaulis sp002479455
s__JAAYAO01 sp012719335
s__Phenylobacterium sp030698145
s__Lachnospira sp934358235
s__Microvirga lupini_A
s__Enterococcus_E columbae_A
s__Mucilaginibacter sp025929405
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902761375
s__Microbacterium sp012524205
s__Limnohabitans sp023262645
s__46-47 sp030156395
s__Collinsella sp022739635
s__Roseimaritima multifibrata
s__JABAZT01 sp018608565
s__Pseudemcibacter sp021774795
s__HRBIN21 sp030550275
s__Robiginitalea sediminis
s__Pelagibacter sp902519455
s__JAIDVZ01 sp029059365
s__JAJXWV01 sp017883215
s__JAITWV01 sp031285105
s__Latilactobacillus sakei_A
s__JAAEUB01 sp024227755
s__DUEN01 sp013152435
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_I
s__JAFGXW01 sp022712785
s__CACHRU01 sp902582345
s__JANYCG01 sp025360385
s__JAHFTP01 sp023265495
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BD
s__Brachybacterium sp003347015
s__Ga0077554 sp020053945
s__CALCQG01 sp937897575
s__SM23-42 sp020349965
s__Nitrospira_A sp902500715
s__Merdicola sp934155165
s__Chryseotalea sp027533395
s__JAUSGO01 sp030649025
s__JAMFST01 sp026225435
s__Casp-actino5 sp023262325
s__Psychrobacter sp002836735
s__RYN-404 sp016432585
s__JAHEBB01 sp020431825
s__Desulfovibrio sp028708195
s__JAACFB01 sp009937615
s__Collinsella sp902492545
s__CALRCI01 sp943354525
s__JAAKFX01 sp011065045
s__UBA11398 sp003506065
s__Roseisolibacter sp029211165
s__JAHBWI01 sp019637075
s__CANQSG01 sp949292695
s__Firm-13 sp002418705
s__Pontiella sp013042165
s__Syntrophosphaera sp017995495
s__F1-120-MAGs238 sp018968885
s__Caccovivens sp947053645
s__Bifidobacterium xylocopae
s__Cupriavidus laharis
s__Anaeroplasma sp947592005
s__Flavobacterium sp001429765
s__Kribbella solani
s__JAQSYQ01 sp029240715
s__UBA6154 sp903896585
s__Bartonella sp002022445
s__CADCWG01 sp902806335
s__DULK01 sp902812435
s__SLSQ01 sp913062675
s__Gramella sp006714895
s__Sideroxyarcus sp021822115
s__JAMCRC01 sp023380415
s__Pseudomonas_E tructae
s__Variovorax sp024372625
s__UBA5182 sp002413185
s__Ottowia sp031277295
s__BPJP01 sp026004675
s__AC-14 sp005888325
s__RUG440 sp902798915
s__2-02-FULL-45-21 sp001805575
s__OFTM57 sp029260595
s__Tahibacter amnicola
s__G020352895 sp020352895
s__Aquibacillus_A salsiterrae
s__GBS-DC sp026003075
s__CAILUI01 sp903837355
s__JAKSDQ01 sp022360015
s__UBA3789 sp946628045
s__MS024-2A sp902517245
s__DRMK01 sp011322575
s__UBA877 sp020722345
s__UBA1847 sp945788625
s__Luteimonas_D sp938008415
s__JAJFBK01 sp020696955
s__Streptomyces sp007096885
s__UBA1067 sp947305825
s__JALZFG01 sp030861645
s__MGNI01 sp001795115
s__QWPT01 sp021297795
s__CAG-269 sp946496575
s__Actinomarina sp902627635
s__UMGS1540 sp017620205
s__Franzmannia sp001971685
s__JALYMR01 sp030773615
s__Onthoplasma sp947584775
s__Sulfurospirillum oryzae
s__Aquibacillus_E sediminis
s__Novosphingobium profundi
s__JAHISK01 sp018818105
s__Mycobacterium sp022600605
s__JAJPGV01 sp021325635
s__Nocardioides albertanoniae
s__Desulfobacillus sp016791205
s__Collinsella sp019414205
s__CAJWYM01 sp913049555
s__Halioglobus sp008370495
s__Paludibacter sp028748945
s__Teretinema sp003246335
s__B13-G4 sp030638305
s__Denitrolinea sp003598975
s__UBA8904 sp009773315
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947168525
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902536555
s__Limivicinus sp017649275
s__Bacteroides_I ihuae
s__CAMLLJ01 sp946480845
s__JALZAQ01 sp030948255
s__Alicyclobacillus_B curvatus
s__Lepagella sp029052265
s__UBA4951 sp024408335
s__Alistipes sp017936685
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp018969405
s__Frateuria_A edaphi
s__Alicycliphilus sp018240995
s__CAMDGX01 sp027483995
s__Microbacterium sp001513675
s__CAIQCK01 sp016222825
s__Magnetominusculus sp015233685
s__UMGS1820 sp902766745
s__Metamycoplasma subdolum
s__Microbacterium sp006715145
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687075
s__Amylibacter sp024640245
s__JAGQKX01 sp020429905
s__DROE01 sp024279675
s__Sabulitectum sp023145935
s__Flavobacterium silvaticum
s__Micromonospora sp027497255
s__JAISQP01 sp031274115
s__MGBC108787 sp947574085
s__VXYL01 sp028824555
s__Nocardioides sp000620645
s__Nocardioides phosphati
s__Thermohalobaculum sediminis
s__JAACSU01 sp022565555
s__JAJEEA01 sp022821235
s__Treponema_D sp024693715
s__Sulfobacillus_B acidophilus_A
s__Elarobacter sp937927945
s__JAQVUB01 sp028699735
s__Ghiorsea sp027019685
s__Helicobacter_D mesocricetorum
s__UBA6857 sp017631745
s__WSZY01 sp021734365
s__RGIG1913 sp017481115
s__Saccharofermentans sp017554745
s__JAJZIJ01 sp027365415
s__UBA9628 sp028717525
s__CAJMSU01 sp948465965
s__UBA2868 sp946623875
s__Hydrogenimonas sp021647345
s__Paludibacter sp903873355
s__SURF-23 sp016215115
s__Neoroseomonas sp016869735
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060405
s__RUG099 sp024403055
s__Pontixanthobacter sp020629385
s__Aliiglaciecola lipolytica
s__Caproiciproducens sp023418995
s__WGA-3G sp958295815
s__JAUWNT01 sp030620255
s__Oceanicoccus sp900120175
s__Microlunatus_A sp009707365
s__Buchnera aphidicola_F
s__VXNE01 sp026706665
s__Salinarimonas_A soli
s__Psychroflexus lacisalsi
s__Eubacterium_R sp947585615
s__JAGVUW01 sp019136035
s__Micromonospora sp005402585
s__Lientehia sp934351765
s__Phenylobacterium sp017991675
s__CAJXVA01 sp913061055
s__Propionicimonas sp002441465
s__Aquabacterium_A sp025358155
s__RGIG8482 sp948471035
s__Leclercia adecarboxylata_D
s__Ponticoccus sp017255395
s__Streptococcus sp905221435
s__JAIRLC01 sp031288855
s__Nonlabens sp001413925
s__Litorivivens sp002710725
s__JACRCT01 sp016218885
s__Sulfuricurvum sp014764075
s__Pelagibacter sp902554795
s__FACHB-T130 sp014698845
s__JABDLO01 sp938044055
s__CAKKQX01 sp919902235
s__URXU01 sp958448515
s__WAJ17 sp027257975
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510445
s__Halopseudomonas pelagia_A
s__Noviherbaspirillum malthae
s__Microbulbifer sp947504145
s__SXNM01 sp005777155
s__JAMPXM01 sp021463345
s__UBA5542 sp002426825
s__JAGQUL01 sp025964465
s__JAICSD01 sp025937075
s__Rhizobacter sp903643055
s__Acetanaerobacterium elongatum
s__JAJCYS01 sp029262815
s__Acetatifactor sp023663225
s__Cellulomonas sp015234515
s__RGIG4131 sp937901465
s__SCUD01 sp029857655
s__SXKJ01 sp945906725
s__SHZI01 sp030836925
s__Pandoraea sp031291335
s__Kiritimatiella glycovorans
s__Marinobacter sp030541005
s__Saccharimonas sp938045445
s__Nocardia bhagyanarayanae
s__RF16 sp946411385
s__Neoroseomonas rubea
s__JAISJH01 sp031260745
s__AR9 sp003221455
s__Suilimivivens sp902766365
s__Croceicoccus sp029936705
s__Epilithonimonas xixisoli
s__Erythrobacter sp009905735
s__PSRF01 sp020199975
s__UBA5972 sp015487165
s__JADYXR01 sp021772095
s__JAJDCN01 sp029260815
s__Acetobacter sp002409645
s__GCA-2747695 sp029942185
s__TMED27 sp019634145
s__VGEM01 sp020446775
s__JACKCD01 sp020634215
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903915735
s__Arthrobacter sp030209835
s__RGIG8782 sp949288805
s__JALVMN01 sp027061865
s__Firm-04 sp017561965
s__JAKEFG01 sp022616195
s__MFBO01 sp001774995
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016291185
s__UBA5619 sp026388375
s__Murdochiella sp019753405
s__Collinsella sp019419455
s__Spirillospora macrotermitis
s__Neofamilia sp945916025
s__PALSA-747 sp903854185
s__Lentimicrobium sp009773455
s__Sphingomonas sp942636505
s__Yaniella excrementigallinarum
s__UBA1784 sp015061815
s__JAGXIT01 sp027450065
s__JAFAFE01 sp023458055
s__UBA1127 sp951812285
s__UBA9647 sp026390585
s__UBA1213 sp902785555
s__JAGDMJ01 sp017860555
s__Limimaricola cinnabarinus
s__JAAYRS01 sp012518645
s__JAJACP01 sp020831465
s__Skermanella pratensis
s__Cellvibrio sp003524365
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp030523325
s__UBA636 sp934692455
s__JARDZU01 sp029240695
s__Aliterella sp019359635
s__Flavobacterium sp012032075
s__Roseburia sp017547315
s__CAIXFN01 sp903930565
s__GCA-2737725 sp016793085
s__Collinsella sp902474645
s__Pseudokineococcus sp947495735
s__Spirillospora sp030283205
s__UMGS1696 sp902765885
s__JABIQA01 sp018699155
s__DSBA01 sp011046145
s__Treponema_D sp946611835
s__BMS3Bbin11 sp030597275
s__Desulfuromusa sp021157505
s__RGIG6098 sp017518415
s__Faecalibacterium sp945982465
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AQ
s__RGIG9060 sp024697985
s__SVCP01 sp017531485
s__RBG-16-64-43 sp026389925
s__Tokpelaia_A sp003331005
s__Actinomycetospora sp028737315
s__Bacillus_BS sp008364785
s__JAAZGC01 sp946407735
s__JAIRLU01 sp031274565
s__Fusibacter_C sp020161295
s__Hymenobacter negativus
s__Thiothrix sp028714775
s__JAUCSC01 sp030445265
s__Pauljensenia sp938022345
s__Flavobacterium sp947456815
s__Desulfobulbus sp028684915
s__Ga0077553 sp016871155
s__Bin94 sp028874905
s__JAUXKG01 sp030624355
s__Ozemobacter sp012517355
s__JAHLLH01 sp020444265
s__Schinkia sp016841285
s__DMER64 sp012510445
s__JACRDF01 sp016212925
s__UBA9973 sp001785805
s__Burkholderia sp017104975
s__Enterocola sp024399495
s__UBA964 sp945873095
s__T1SED10-81 sp003552925
s__JAJPZL01 sp021203405
s__Blautia_A sp017475035
s__JAQGHR01 sp028291545
s__JACQDL01 sp016201065
s__JADGDT01 sp023145275
s__JAHDDA01 sp020629595
s__Nitratireductor_A luteus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017505605
s__Tetragenococcus halophilus_C
s__Fonsibacter sp000419465
s__G020346125 sp030608745
s__Fibrobacter sp017615055
s__Flavobacterium sinopsychrotolerans
s__Hymenobacter nivis
s__UB1719 sp024408435
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_B
s__Pedobacter sp001412215
s__CALZJD01 sp020356065
s__AAA240-E13 sp000504605
s__GCA-2688435 sp030639445
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902556855
s__SP22 sp002721975
s__Scandinavium sp009668205
s__JANXLS01 sp025355035
s__F0422 sp937930265
s__UBA1845 sp028285105
s__M3007 sp029781095
s__Vitreimonas sp017303355
s__HIMB59 sp029246865
s__JAUSGH01 sp030649055
s__Enterousia sp017616785
s__Serratia_I symbiotica_D
s__WHSN01 sp902825985
s__Denitrobacterium sp024691475
s__JAJDER01 sp029259725
s__JALWJW01 sp026996935
s__Alteraurantiacibacter luteus
s__Kmv33 sp014859275
s__Alkalicoccus daliensis
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis_E
s__Collinsella sp030525945
s__UBA6489 sp002435385
s__JABMRB01 sp013202865
s__Sanguibacter suarezii
s__CG2-30-64-16 sp001871755
s__Pelagibacter sp902594395
s__Alteromonas_E flava
s__RF16 sp002317295
s__Proteiniphilum sp028709385
s__GCA-2747695 sp024763245
s__Sinomonas sp002224485
s__JAFGFW01 sp030667105
s__Sphingomonas kyeonggiensis
s__RZYC01 sp009930475
s__RBG-16-34-14 sp001802865
s__JAPLFO01 sp026390635
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016658545
s__Hymenobacter tibetensis
s__MT110 sp015243575
s__Gallionella sp016197305
s__GCA-012562765 sp012571345
s__Flavihumibacter sp002483205
s__JAGQHR01 sp946886185
s__ER46 sp023457715
s__Streptomyces sp023534745
s__BOG-234 sp025363475
s__2-01-FULL-41-18-A sp001776475
s__UBA1784 sp024405735
s__Saliniramus sp020832565
s__Lutimonas sp030618945
s__Johnevansia muelleri
s__Chlorobium luteolum
s__Ochrobactrum_A sp023554105
s__JAEINK01 sp016342585
s__Alistipes sp017425655
s__Bosea sp016428755
s__Anaeroplasma sp024690445
s__Pelobium saltans
s__Enterousia sp017618175
s__Psychrobacter sp018260395
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903851455
s__Luteolibacter sp026397695
s__Spyradomonas sp949284155
s__Collinsella sp958424475
s__JADFWA01 sp030596145
s__Anthropogastromicrobium sp958446555
s__JAKPCT01 sp029553165
s__JAHKBB01 sp018826445
s__RSWP11 sp028276315
s__JACRLI01 sp016235265
s__JACCVE01 sp902806395
s__Altimarinus sp020724225
s__Xanthobacter dioxanivorans
s__Methyloglobulus morosus
s__JAHISN01 sp018818265
s__Pelagibacter sp902555665
s__Luteipulveratus halotolerans
s__M0040 sp012974435
s__Intestinimonas sp944385655
s__Arthrobacter_D agilis_B
s__JAKQSZ01 sp029569475
s__Desulfomicrobium apsheronum
s__Paenibacillus_O albicereus
s__Belliella filtrata
s__Flavilitoribacter nigricans
s__JGM124 sp024807845
s__Sphingopyxis sp001984035
s__Lentihominibacter sp934277495
s__Ruminococcus sp017542475
s__Chersky-822 sp017882645
s__JAAZDN01 sp012512805
s__Prevotella sp946184125
s__SFWF01 sp017936045
s__Hungateiclostridium sp012523755
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio cashew
s__Pseudofrancisella frigiditurris
s__UBA1712 sp024684085
s__Chachezhania sediminis
s__JAHDBH01 sp020630495
s__CAG-452 sp947628115
s__Ferruginibacter sp013288745
s__JAADHD01 sp024277195
s__Oceanicola lentulus
s__Pelagibacter sp902518835
s__CALBMX01 sp937896235
s__C7867-002 sp903837075
s__GCA-2708415 sp937934135
s__JAIRKV01 sp031255755
s__Agrococcus baldri_A
s__Tannerella sp031264155
s__GCA-2721545 sp004525885
s__Pararhodobacter oceanensis
s__Phenylobacterium sp003136395
s__JAGVGJ01 sp020057115
s__PWNQ01 sp003557725
s__Alistipes sp949283205
s__Trichococcus sp030153215
s__Brevundimonas sp002002865
s__UBA3077 sp937132145
s__UBA8612 sp017382015
s__VRUE01 sp021154855
s__Rhodoflexus caldus
s__UBA3084 sp002367335
s__Symbiothrix dinenymphae
s__Onthousia sp944358505
s__JAUVMS01 sp030600135
s__Pararcticibacter sp002454425
s__Granulicella_D sp903642265
s__JACRJN01 sp016235675
s__Kaistella solincola
s__UBA1181 sp017527905
s__GCA-2704625 sp902634325
s__Corynebacterium sp943908385
s__JAJDAP01 sp029261795
s__DTHP01 sp023818555
s__Agromyces subbeticus
s__UBA699 sp017861315
s__CAIMOR01 sp947446625
s__Sphingobacterium faecale
s__J054 sp020351875
s__Cocleimonas flava
s__Gallacutalibacter sp944380825
s__SYDM01 sp905616445
s__Actinacidiphila yanglinensis
s__JAQIBY01 sp027858215
s__NK4A136 sp016282915
s__Emticicia agri
s__UBA1765 sp002314675
s__Caldisericum exile_A
s__JADFKK01 sp022564995
s__JAJDZL01 sp028820695
s__UBA9547 sp003476475
s__Janthinobacterium sp009923995
s__Lentihominibacter sp946631075
s__Parerythrobacter lacustris
s__Hoeflea sp002733955
s__Streptomyces meridianus
s__JAMXCZ01 sp024542975
s__Kaistella sp008014695
s__GCA-2687015 sp002687015
s__JAHDIM01 sp020630175
s__PHBQ01 sp002841975
s__UMGS1491 sp030526535
s__SZUA-611 sp003249215
s__Paenochrobactrum sp947627865
s__Halospina denitrificans
s__JACQZC01 sp016207905
s__Mesorhizobium sp020616515
s__Acetobacterium sp022013395
s__UBA3077 sp013139635
s__RQOF01 sp001771055
s__UMGS902 sp017463665
s__JAAXPZ01 sp027079365
s__JALORY01 sp025458675
s__Ventricola sp947167215
s__Devosia phytovorans
s__UBA6055 sp011523705
s__Aphodomonas merdavium
s__UBA10426 sp003499525
s__SIG333 sp015056815
s__UBA10183 sp026387215
s__UBA2022 sp002335495
s__SZUA-229 sp026197015
s__UBA3789 sp017511605
s__Ornithinimicrobium_A laminariae
s__SM23-61 sp003154025
s__Lentibacillus kapialis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp002532045
s__JAUZRV01 sp030950105
s__JAAXIE01 sp951813255
s__CAIUAS01 sp903897205
s__UBA4372 sp017645655
s__Maricicauda_A salina
s__UBA7542 sp002479245
s__Falsiroseomonas sp031180725
s__JAJDCP01 sp029260765
s__UBA11512 sp017454525
s__HGM12713 sp017464565
s__DTU024 sp012837835
s__Pedococcus sp023420415
s__JAGQKC01 sp021604005
s__UBA10281 sp946628865
s__Sodaliphilus sp937904375
s__Pontibacter russatus
s__JABFXX01 sp029565465
s__TMED6 sp002710085
s__JAPLJL01 sp026388655
s__UBA877 sp026389975
s__CADBNZ01 sp902796155
s__CAG-488 sp024404115
s__UBA629 sp029224965
s__CAIXSE01 sp026392275
s__RGIG5669 sp017533785
s__Collinsella sp958453575
s__Geomobilimonas luticola
s__Rubrobacter_F sp030776965
s__Dokdonella_A sp017305135
s__Anaerobutyricum sp946629665
s__Ruminococcus sp017934425
s__JAGOUP01 sp018061205
s__BOG-931 sp031291475
s__Mycobacterium sp030252325
s__Bradyrhizobium sp017305715
s__Lautropia sp030530775
s__Devosia beringensis
s__BRH-c8a sp009781965
s__Coxiella sp018107685
s__Microvirga sp018383585
s__AG11 sp025362035
s__JAGHCG01 sp021160565
s__JABWBC01 sp020845755
s__JAHEBS01 sp024642145
s__M55B121 sp018400255
s__DAOWNU01 sp030642425
s__VBWE01 sp006218065
s__WRCT01 sp009783775
s__Brotaphodocola sp949948825
s__Micromonospora sp008806585
s__S36-B12 sp938091275
s__Prevotella sp947164965
s__Pectobacterium carotovorum_I
s__JALZBO01 sp030863545
s__SXHM01 sp945889235
s__Blautia_A sp017459635
s__Catenibacillus sp949292795
s__Erythrobacter sp003724185
s__DTVJ01 sp012963565
s__JASLFS01 sp030151665
s__Microcella sp030645145
s__CAG-269 sp944386725
s__Prauserella halophila
s__UBA2336 sp019638255
s__Flavobacterium chungbukense
s__Novosphingobium organovorum
s__UMGS731 sp017621475
s__TCS-49 sp002049495
s__QNZR01 sp024277395
s__Staphylococcus sp010365305
s__Azoarcus sp006496635
s__Pustulibacterium marinum
s__Flavitalea sp016786745
s__Chitinophaga sp018255755
s__JAJQAN01 sp021203765
s__OCS116 sp016744975
s__Cellvibrio sp021151625
s__FEB-7 sp026125445
s__2-01-FULL-40-14 sp001788215
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017533605
s__Methylobacterium sp011043735
s__CATJNN01 sp949742185
s__WRNU01 sp031277975
s__Kamptonema sp029167235
s__Billgrantia sp010994375
s__Pelagibacter sp902570915
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp025963715
s__Neptuniibacter sp024231755
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216715
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212395
s__G020353115 sp030628785
s__UBA6266 sp016933315
s__GCA-2862085 sp007751475
s__Pelagibacter sp902538255
s__UMGS902 sp017399305
s__JAUXAO01 sp030619905
s__Pelagibacter sp902509725
s__RGIG3315 sp946625055
s__JAJPJA01 sp021324885
s__Thauera sp024710965
s__Eubacterium_R sp902489595
s__Nocardioides sp030655615
s__JAJTHN01 sp021297895
s__UBA868 sp028825345
s__Pelagibacter sp902558835
s__UBA1711 sp017480225
s__CADCWF01 sp029977305
s__Thermomicrobium sp026241205
s__Actinobacillus sp029773605
s__JAUWAU01 sp030601885
s__Salinicola corii
s__Collinsella sp934658705
s__UBA9973 sp023267515
s__Methylotenera sp946479685
s__Cryobacterium glaciale
s__JAEINY01 sp016342595
s__UBA5004 sp009691335
s__JAHEKG01 sp024638475
s__SICG01 sp016867395
s__CADCVQ01 sp902806175
s__RGIG3096 sp017407205
s__JAEZYS01 sp023396225
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030687715
s__CAG-272 sp017466625
s__Helicobacter_B sp937906905
s__RYN-124 sp016650445
s__WGBX01 sp027065715
s__Ferriphaselus sp000746095
s__Spirillospora meyerae
s__P52-10 sp031157255
s__Pseudanabaena yagii
s__Dulcicalothrix elsteri
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005887735
s__Cytobacillus sp023387295
s__Microbacter sp009712605
s__Afifella sp020144925
s__CAKSST01 sp934489895
s__Lacticaseibacillus daqingensis
s__JAAUUB01 sp012031215
s__UBA11398 sp030684515
s__Roseovarius faecimaris
s__Lactobacillus sp029433255
s__Caulobacter sp009905535
s__JABDBO01 sp013288575
s__CAIYCT01 sp903924765
s__Sphingomicrobium ginkgonis
s__Homoserinibacter sp023432005
s__YA12-FULL-48-11 sp001804885
s__UBA1383 sp022838965
s__JAITPE01 sp031289575
s__Oxalobacter sp023449275
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp016218665
s__UMGS1865 sp015063585
s__Vannielia sp029212645
s__SB11 sp008933805
s__WRAP01 sp009780135
s__Termitinema sp025997495
s__UBA2834 sp946406645
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp020161575
s__B15-G9 sp003645975
s__SZUA-430 sp016792645
s__Peribacillus asahii
s__Lientehia hominis
s__JAEDFS01 sp016297895
s__SHVQ01 sp009694195
s__CAINEC01 sp023251535
s__SKW32 sp026415775
s__Caldicoprobacter sp023622385
s__JASLLZ01 sp030754885
s__Clostridium_AT swellfunianum
s__UBA1672 sp029880245
s__HGM13010 sp017415945
s__Ohtaekwangia silvisoli
s__Vibrio tapetis
s__Rhizomicrobium sp017849395
s__RUG099 sp902790885
s__ELB16-189 sp016712035
s__Microvirga lotononidis
s__Roseibium sp937911395
s__Devosia ginsengisoli
s__UBA4096 sp945883845
s__JAADGE01 sp013152535
s__Streptomyces sp026341125
s__GWA1-54-10 sp943348815
s__UBA5420 sp012837925
s__Paludibacter sp903912795
s__Tangfeifania diversioriginum
s__Sulfurimonas sp026390075
s__PCC-7367 sp000317065
s__Streptomyces cahuitamycinicus
s__CSP1-3 sp031081665
s__SXRM01 sp947499075
s__Sphaerotilus sp013299175
s__Legionella_D sp024636645
s__Bosea sp003241815
s__JAFGQE01 sp030592355
s__JAHDBF01 sp938033975
s__Bacteriovorax sp947448205
s__SpSt-583 sp937952305
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_B
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp937881525
s__JAJFTR01 sp021372825
s__S146-73 sp015492355
s__JAGLSE01 sp030601015
s__Streptococcus porci
s__Polaribacter_A pacificus
s__Nocardiopsis sp028882275
s__JAEUJP01 sp016714225
s__JAEYTU01 sp023433825
s__Buchnera aphidicola_M
s__Damh-18 sp016699245
s__JAFGXI01 sp016936665
s__WQZK01 sp009780765
s__Parabacteroides sp017560165
s__Gallimonas sp947625095
s__CAKPQL01 sp934178555
s__Spirillospora pelletieri
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902578445
s__Halobacteriovorax_A sp000447795
s__Anaerotardibacter sp030530215
s__QNDG01 sp003645915
s__CAG-269 sp944386695
s__GCA-2862085 sp002862085
s__Lactococcus_A piscium
s__Gemmiger sp947628865
s__Agathobaculum sp944384765
s__JAKAQQ01 sp021819635
s__Arthrobacter_D crusticola
s__CAG-1000 sp012512795
s__SLPX01 sp011390535
s__RUG14156 sp944327225
s__Chitinophaga sp900112615
s__RPQJ01 sp021325695
s__Cupriavidus sp031181345
s__UBA7657 sp017999645
s__Methylotenera sp030653755
s__Paraburkholderia monticola
s__Bifidobacterium scaligerum
s__BS3 sp008274585
s__JAFGXW01 sp016936415
s__RBG-16-64-22 sp001803795
s__Sulfuricurvum sp026390165
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000239775
s__UBA2561 sp002340355
s__Acetobacter aceti_B
s__JALXCG01 sp026991065
s__RGIG3091 sp947593955
s__B1Sed10-166 sp003552185
s__Spirillospora sp001942465
s__AAA536-G10 sp902618025
s__JARFPW01 sp029288095
s__Sporolactobacillus pectinivorans
s__Streptomyces ruber
s__Chiayiivirga sp934525595
s__DRVG01 sp017161655
s__Brachyspira sp949287625
s__UMGS1696 sp017935805
s__Pelagibacter sp029941985
s__DAHVOH01 sp027318915
s__JANXCC01 sp938091745
s__Fimbriimonas sp002336105
s__Hominimerdicola sp937898375
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902795445
s__WLWZ01 sp938048165
s__Deianiraea vastatrix
s__Enterenecus sp947630785
s__Brachybacterium nesterenkovii
s__Nitrosospira sp900119085
s__Paracrocinitomix sp020635955
s__SMO-BIN1 sp003123965
s__RGIG3394 sp017446355
s__SXON01 sp016875435
s__Vitreimonas sp022841905
s__Microvirga thermotolerans
s__Faecivivens sp945835425
s__JACPPG01 sp016191115
s__MWH-TA3 sp016463265
s__Rhodoferax sp021731215
s__JABMNT01 sp013203595
s__AG-422-B15 sp902564025
s__Metamycoplasma zalophi
s__JAGMDB01 sp021162245
s__JAHFTJ01 sp023269435
s__Streptomyces venezuelae_E
s__Treponema_F sp017646305
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017961345
s__RUG410 sp017635595
s__Streptomyces sp029813785
s__REEB470 sp018969805
s__Jannaschia sp025144335
s__Pontibacter flavimaris
s__CAIYPG01 sp947478805
s__Trichlorobacter sp021286935
s__JAGRKR01 sp020442225
s__Hydrogenophaga flava
s__MB11C04 sp902618175
s__JAICLV01 sp025934355
s__Collinsella sp902478705
s__Phnomibacter sp025455665
s__UBA9959 sp903873295
s__Roseburia_B sp023664725
s__UBA10103 sp022842645
s__WQXN01 sp031283185
s__Deinococcus aestuarii
s__CAMTOK01 sp947074115
s__Streptomyces sp002910905
s__Paucibacter_A oligotrophus_A
s__Pseudidiomarina aestuarii_A
s__Allosphingosinicella vermicomposti
s__JACZTG01 sp022573815
s__DAOVIY01 sp030673525
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp027307325
s__CAG-269 sp934141475
s__Porcincola sp030526245
s__UBA3855 sp015066845
s__SFEB01 sp937875645
s__RGIG577 sp017513095
s__CASFSG01 sp949297445
s__Acetatifactor sp945913255
s__OLB19 sp020632075
s__SYFN01 sp016868055
s__RUG334 sp905236675
s__BOG-234 sp903825445
s__VYEH01 sp022825505
s__JAKEHA01 sp025923935
s__WHTO01 sp009377665
s__JAEDDG01 sp016293865
s__Catenovulum sp025515275
s__JAKFYA01 sp021731095
s__JAIOSR01 sp019313765
s__Nitrospira_C sp011405515
s__Psychrobium sp013214885
s__UBA4421 sp913050035
s__Limivicinus sp958427375
s__JACOYH01 sp016181965
s__Desulfobacillus sp018262875
s__WH-5701 sp015841355
s__Fimimonas sp947623225
s__Limimorpha sp905234765
s__Palleronia abyssalis
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903928325
s__Flavobacterium sp027482425
s__Desulfobacillus sp016214145
s__Rubrivivax sp024235915
s__RUG760 sp017620135
s__RBG-16-43-9 sp022865345
s__HGW-15 sp016926135
s__Luteolibacter sp945869465
s__CAISYW01 sp015661075
s__GCA-2705445 sp913065025
s__UBA5518 sp963204845
s__Lunatimonas lonarensis
s__UTPRO1 sp020848745
s__JACQSX01 sp016211105
s__Denitrolinea sp009885445
s__JAJACV01 sp022601335
s__Pseudonocardia sp018531475
s__JACQVX01 sp016209495
s__Campylobacter_D sp022511325
s__Sulfuritortus sp013389055
s__Modestobacter sp025965775
s__JAGQMX01 sp030426125
s__UBA11512 sp017452335
s__Qipengyuania polymorpha
s__Aquimarina pacifica
s__UBA4124 sp020845875
s__Gemmiger sp029006135
s__CAISIP01 sp024235935
s__JAQTNF01 sp028713995
s__Granulosicoccus sp938006335
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_V
s__Reyranella sp937919085
s__Balneola sp006969905
s__CAMQRS01 sp947036815
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023433945
s__JAGSHH01 sp023954655
s__Colwellia piezophila
s__Sphingobacterium sp011043525
s__Victivallis sp018265615
s__Nitrogeniibacter sp020446005
s__Dysosmobacter sp017446225
s__Kribbella sp004342025
s__Streptococcus oralis_O
s__ANT-38 sp026421205
s__Sacchariniichlamydia sp018239985
s__Salipiger mangrovisoli
s__Pelagibacter sp902583455
s__Scopulibacillus darangshiensis
s__Streptomyces sp030817475
s__Bact-08 sp009929175
s__SURF-3 sp003599885
s__Gordonia oryzae
s__Lacrimispora sp023437715
s__Oceaniglobus sp008085915
s__Albidovulum sediminis
s__GCA-2731375 sp913049615
s__Halalkalibacter alkaliphilus
s__Azonexus sp018261895
s__Faecousia sp017405865
s__Luminiphilus sp002377985
s__OESV01 sp900240995
s__Vibrio maritimus
s__Acidithiobacillus sp027322205
s__UBA2834 sp024402845
s__RUG806 sp946409885
s__FREY01 sp913054485
s__JADKFD01 sp937928755
s__Buchnera aphidicola_T
s__JACOYD01 sp016182055
s__MEVN01 sp001772985
s__Algoriphagus sp017858365
s__JAPLKF01 sp026388215
s__Vibrio tubiashii_A
s__Alteraurantiacibacter spongiae
s__GCA-2701885 sp002701885
s__Nocardia brasiliensis_C
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031289585
s__Yoonia sp929200295
s__Telluria niastensis
s__RUG12834 sp015059495
s__Lysobacter enzymogenes_D
s__JACQXH01 sp016208845
s__JAQTTC01 sp028694995
s__Flavobacterium sp947468985
s__Bog-1198 sp003164785
s__Scatosoma sp017462735
s__DP-19 sp016200545
s__Streptomyces sp026340595
s__UBA1179 sp024398715
s__SIG455 sp017436905
s__Chryseobacterium oryctis
s__Bacteroides_G luti
s__JAEWWD01 sp023396535
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882385
s__JAJFJD01 sp028281325
s__UBA8309 sp022425565
s__QYPT01 sp023252155
s__Caccenecus sp947623755
s__Comamonas sp900564145
s__CAG-269 sp947625565
s__Saccharospirillum sp022565595
s__SZUA-252 sp003235575
s__Pukyongia sp026126405
s__65-79 sp030456445
s__NK4A136 sp024403455
s__Luteibacter aegosomatis
s__JAAZBW01 sp030544165
s__Pelagibacter sp902570055
s__Campylobacter_B sp938030145
s__JAQWAS01 sp028707495
s__Comamonas sp002754475
s__BOG-931 sp030038995
s__Stagnihabitans sp947449875
s__GCA-2707915 sp902570225
s__Paenibacillus xylanexedens
s__JAILLW01 sp024682115
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278545
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp019753045
s__Mycetohabitans sp021991875
s__SZUA-442 sp030066265
s__Litchfieldia sp014837155
s__JADGPY01 sp017882215
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp022508405
s__GCA-2722775 sp002722775
s__JALYHC01 sp030776765
s__JAHFOQ01 sp029778565
s__Flavobacterium sp009495755
s__JAKASX01 sp021788095
s__QGNO01 sp003228195
s__Flavobacterium weaverense
s__Tenebrionibacter sp010092695
s__Mycobacterium sp001954135
s__JAHFSX01 sp023269675
s__Acinetobacter equi
s__UBA7359 sp938084745
s__RBG-16-43-9 sp030692925
s__TMED14 sp030833905
s__CAMBDR01 sp945864765
s__GCA-002793235 sp016763135
s__GCA-001735895 sp029288195
s__JAHJCW01 sp030606865
s__PCPOR2b sp021295755
s__Alistipes_A sp949296995
s__Limimorpha sp030537295
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938017625
s__Paenibacillus sp030705605
s__Polaromonas sp900112285
s__JAUZPR01 sp030705825
s__VGFF01 sp016868955
s__Fodinicola acaciae
s__Streptomyces regalis
s__Sulfitobacter sp022788715
s__CAG-448 sp017522905
s__RGIG1666 sp017546245
s__JAHFTD01 sp023269565
s__Microbacterium oxydans_C
s__Marivirga sp003973485
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp031281115
s__UBA1020 sp023259925
s__WRAX01 sp009780485
s__Treponema_D sp946537975
s__JAGHAG01 sp021161625
s__CALMPF01 sp937871505
s__Stercorousia sp944326615
s__GCA-002694895 sp002694895
s__Clavichlamydia salmonicola
s__Blautia_A sp934409175
s__S143-33 sp015489395
s__Aureitalea marina
s__Brevundimonas sp016463295
s__Oceanimonas sp030732065
s__UBA1844 sp022564475
s__Frateuria aurantia
s__JAISST01 sp031272775
s__JAFEGE01 sp018240105
s__UBA1425 sp946610835
s__Allorhizobium sp002855515
s__Halalkalibacter nanhaiisediminis
s__JACAEO01 sp025057155
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947484245
s__Croceimicrobium sp024742495
s__Aphodousia sp019418235
s__AG2 sp025451425
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_P
s__UBA2376 sp016717005
s__JACAED01 sp013389025
s__PNC22 sp020850415
s__Neptunomonas japonica
s__CATPCN01 sp955652855
s__Actinopolymorpha pittospori
s__JAQTRU01 sp028711415
s__M55B127 sp018334565
s__JALZBN01 sp030947365
s__Micromonospora coriariae
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021851405
s__AA32 sp003222275
s__Desulfotomaculum reducens
s__Streptomyces sp009852415
s__DUUS01 sp012520055
s__Streptomyces roseicoloratus
s__JAITJI01 sp031279015
s__KM106-2 sp023416695
s__JACRAR01 sp016234745
s__JAGLTQ01 sp030635835
s__JANQNR01 sp028279475
s__Lactobacillus sp945281075
s__Treponema_D sp022768685
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937895875
s__PNNM01 sp013824215
s__RUG440 sp017545665
s__Oceanipulchritudo sp009908535
s__RGIG3040 sp014804675
s__CAMDDF01 sp945890885
s__JAKLFE01 sp022711355
s__JANWHF01 sp025450555
s__AR8 sp016184365
s__JAKVKZ01 sp022484565
s__RF16 sp946187555
s__Terrimesophilobacter sp937872445
s__Marinisoma sp902525615
s__Acrocarpospora catenulata
s__Flagellimonas nanhaiensis
s__PZPK01 sp006212045
s__Bact-11 sp947306365
s__Rhodovarius sp026400775
s__Bog-1198 sp021780395
s__Choladousia sp947624055
s__JAPLHV01 sp026389425
s__CALBOC01 sp029267455
s__VFZN01 sp020851325
s__JAGHDA01 sp021160185
s__Pseudonocardia sp016794615
s__Kinetoplastibacterium sorsogonicusi
s__TMED96 sp902595825
s__JAABPS01 sp011391835
s__RUG13868 sp947623975
s__JADFUO01 sp030610255
s__GWA2-49-15 sp023250775
s__Flavobacterium caseinilyticum
s__Bacteroides massiliensis_C
s__Breznakiella homolactica
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216465
s__UMGS1052 sp017549405
s__JAHQVV01 sp029287335
s__Bacillus_BX ectoiniformans
s__JALSKU01 sp027038235
s__Carideicomes alvinocaridis
s__Chryseobacterium sp001424585
s__WRGV01 sp009787035
s__Microbacterium protaetiae_A
s__RF16 sp017425065
s__JAIROO01 sp031269825
s__JAIDVZ01 sp031258795
s__JAIZVZ01 sp021768485
s__JACPQN01 sp016190485
s__Bulleidia sp938041275
s__Paenibacillus donghaensis
s__JAAYIR01 sp012523355
s__CSBr16-57R1 sp913060655
s__Glycomyces albidus
s__SXWH01 sp945905735
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389085
s__Pseudonocardia sp019244295
s__Aquibacillus_C sp030282825
s__Thiomicrospira sp900112445
s__B3-TA06 sp012517375
s__Nocardioides sp022761125
s__Collinsella sp905215255
s__Paludibacterium sp018802765
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp003550945
s__CAMEGH01 sp945916045
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902534675
s__Flagellimonas yonaguniensis
s__RGIG4930 sp905233955
s__VFBF01 sp016791445
s__NK4A136 sp017539565
s__Corynebacterium sp030503635
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210655
s__UBA2284 sp002424575
s__PALSA-1104 sp003170275
s__Curtobacterium sp029959645
s__JAAYNH01 sp012520945
s__LS-NOB sp002786505
s__UBA4720 sp030946665
s__WJIR01 sp014730175
s__Paenibacillus_A shirakamiensis
s__CAHJWH01 sp009765965
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp030730945
s__CAITNO01 sp903902895
s__Nitrospira_A sp030123565
s__UBA3633 sp946406305
s__Sphingobacterium chungjuense
s__BB20 sp016744725
s__1-14-0-10-47-10 sp002773135
s__Algoriphagus marincola_A
s__Arcicella sp025356745
s__PALSA-747 sp903932705
s__JAKAAZ01 sp027306695
s__Pusillimonas_A sp011388195
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp017470245
s__UBA7477 sp017396665
s__JAAXHE01 sp021295655
s__Palsa-187 sp945861255
s__Clostridium gelidum
s__Rhodoferax_C sp020048895
s__UBA5200 sp004525355
s__CALLUQ01 sp938010565
s__Rubrobacter_F marinus
s__UBA6024 sp030691295
s__Enorma sp949287085
s__UBA10103 sp003599175
s__TMED80 sp913049855
s__Acidithiobacillus sp021840785
s__Siliceabacter sp030447785
s__Thermophilibacter pullicola
s__Oceanobacillus sp009389585
s__Avilachnospira sp030524135
s__UBA1181 sp024401515
s__CAAHEQ01 sp015062395
s__JAIRLB01 sp031266915
s__Desulfovibrio desulfuricans_B
s__JABDMH01 sp013001805
s__Brevundimonas phytovorans
s__Streptomyces roseolus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017464245
s__UBA4372 sp017965425
s__WFXD01 sp026989135
s__SMXS01 sp004356955
s__JAENJC01 sp016844545
s__CAIWTL01 sp029978705
s__CANKZG01 sp947488435
s__GWA1-54-10 sp018060985
s__Tateyamaria omphalii_A
s__Aureibaculum sp947488345
s__RUG626 sp947589225
s__CAG-273 sp944391855
s__SKW135 sp026419115
s__Weissella kandleri
s__Nodularia sp002218065
s__UBA5609 sp029559435
s__Pseudomonas_E borbori
s__UMGS1585 sp944326645
s__CAIXZV01 sp021786915
s__LS-NOB sp001542995
s__Psychromonas sp947489755
s__Pseudoglutamicibacter cumminsii
s__Nitrotoga sp021731185
s__JAFALK01 sp019234295
s__JAUWHT01 sp030605745
s__G958296245 sp958296245
s__Daejeonella sp029360775
s__Butyrivibrio sp017443065
s__JAISGJ01 sp031282085
s__RF16 sp017555595
s__JASLLV01 sp030754475
s__Sulfurimonas sp030247515
s__CAMBQF01 sp023213195
s__Gleimia hominis
s__Cellulomonas sp019797765
s__JAGPUQ01 sp018069525
s__RFSX01 sp937944095
s__UBA11320 sp945861575
s__Vogesella aquatica
s__Sacchariniichlamydia sp021772375
s__RUG13409 sp024403175
s__GCA-002401385 sp002401105
s__JAFTYO01 sp015062345
s__RGIG9608 sp017648235
s__Thermogutta sp012798155
s__JAUHWW01 sp030427125
s__Nocardioides sp004803405
s__Aristaeella sp017512805
s__RUG11126 sp902766015
s__AG-337-I02 sp902589095
s__Andreprevotia sp009848685
s__UBA1926 sp027083355
s__RGXB01 sp016866495
s__JADLFM01 sp020845495
s__JAUHWN01 sp030427805
s__UBA1217 sp017962665
s__Micromonospora pallida
s__JAHZKQ01 sp022600315
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp027311945
s__MED-G52 sp902606585
s__Pelethosoma sp944372485
s__JACOYI01 sp016181935
s__Chitinophaga qingshengii
s__DAOWNK01 sp030617125
s__Mycobacterium chubuense_A
s__Lancefieldella sp018376005
s__DROE01 sp021648375
s__RGIG4576 sp015061055
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947624265
s__JAEUIZ01 sp016793805
s__Methylovirgula sp030044485
s__Sediminibacterium pinensis_B
s__JACQFZ01 sp021323795
s__Lederbergia_A sp018343715
s__JACCYI01 sp013696535
s__Nocardioides sp012272695
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp030152985
s__Psychrobacter sp015864825
s__Pelagibacter sp902587155
s__Flavobacterium cupreum
s__UBA8389 sp023230125
s__JABWAJ01 sp013361075
s__UBA1425 sp024693205
s__CALGVL01 sp937930165
s__Kitasatospora sp014596515
s__Vulcanococcus sp000179235
s__DTKZ01 sp017998025
s__Lacticaseibacillus sp934370925
s__Methylophilus sp001183865
s__Luteolibacter muciniphilus_D
s__UBA11452 sp017646015
s__Fen-1247 sp027307165
s__Alistipes sp944321195
s__JABWCI01 sp028689115
s__JAHDIR01 sp938001965
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902537445
s__PUPG01 sp003553005
s__Onthocola_B sp944332705
s__Pelagibacter sp902595725
s__Cryptobacteroides sp937900465
s__Polynucleobacter sp937863045
s__Paraburkholderia phenazinium_A
s__JAUIBT01 sp030428255
s__RUG626 sp017439425
s__M3007 sp029561355
s__Chlorobaculum thiosulfatiphilum
s__JAOAGQ01 sp026415675
s__Aliihoeflea sp016742175
s__RGIG10190 sp017961765
s__Quinella sp947305445
s__RGIG3091 sp947601845
s__Sulfitobacter marinus
s__2-01-FULL-46-14-A sp001780895
s__MVCY01 sp030629295
s__Desulfobotulus mexicanus
s__Caldora sp010672425
s__UBA2834 sp937906385
s__SYAC01 sp009926815
s__Paenisporosarcina indica
s__Paenibacillus dendrobii
s__JAHIRX01 sp018818485
s__Dethiosulfovibrio faecalis
s__Pedobacter colombiensis
s__CANRMR01 sp947631785
s__Streptococcus mitis_CZ
s__UMGS1590 sp030524315
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003211335
s__Novosphingobium mangrovi
s__JAFMMO01 sp937876125
s__CAIFEG01 sp903789415
s__Brucepastera parasyntrophica
s__UBA2918 sp017650045
s__DSNU01 sp022072515
s__Nostoc sp001712795
s__CAG-177 sp017409265
s__Neisseria flavescens_D
s__Kitasatospora sp001625365
s__Bin80 sp028875125
s__AG-422-B15 sp902544065
s__Shikimatogenerans silvanidophilus
s__Acetatifactor sp947624245
s__UBA2093 sp016463545
s__Siansivirga zeaxanthinifaciens
s__UBA7185 sp944391625
s__RICK01 sp003932735
s__JAUWZL01 sp030615305
s__CAMLOF01 sp946481585
s__Komarekiella atlantica
s__Hyphomonas sp027485145
s__Lentzea cavernae
s__UBA2883 sp902765215
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp934659425
s__UBA1711 sp001543385
s__DYPE01 sp020720085
s__Collinsella sp018381235
s__S010-17 sp947311745
s__SW10 sp020627645
s__HGM12619 sp017427285
s__JAFDAE01 sp019314005
s__UBA952 sp947500755
s__RPRI01 sp030836965
s__Pseudochelatococcus sp937863995
s__Minwuia sp001664005
s__Nitrospira_D sp919902665
s__Berkiella sp018242045
s__Flagellimonas flava
s__Dysgonomonas sp010501095
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp945886445
s__Vreelandella subglaciescola_A
s__JAPUJL01 sp027296185
s__JACQVH01 sp016209895
s__CAG-115 sp014799385
s__Coprosoma sp017522615
s__Sphingopyxis sp016463645
s__Helcococcus massiliensis
s__Clostridium_B sp014050525
s__UMGS1663 sp948444845
s__JAISGX01 sp031262805
s__Sinisalibacter sp003545125
s__QNAD01 sp003641345
s__Faeciplasma sp020861185
s__Azonexus sp017302355
s__RUG11241 sp946622285
s__SZUA-87 sp029263235
s__Steroidobacter_A agariperforans
s__Pelagibacter sp905612465
s__JAHEJC01 sp024639065
s__JAJRVD01 sp024277375
s__MGBC108787 sp947632625
s__Streptomyces sp001953885
s__Methylobacterium sp900116815
s__JAISER01 sp031263985
s__PALSA-1316 sp013824615
s__WRDF01 sp021201825
s__UBA1179 sp017615835
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp934234275
s__Sphingobium sp030580935
s__JAJFLX01 sp021772465
s__Caballeronia sp029439495
s__Conexibacter sp015655225
s__SIG673 sp944381115
s__Ideonella sp017302485
s__UBA1752 sp947627335
s__Duncaniella sp023667285
s__SIG701 sp017466375
s__Quinella sp946411735
s__RGIG5495 sp017500905
s__Sulfurimonas crateris_B
s__NORP243 sp016764955
s__Comamonas terrae
s__JACCSL01 sp013812995
s__JAPLLM01 sp026387475
s__CACLJX01 sp902607435
s__Acinetobacter sp003261585
s__RUG11551 sp017447745
s__Actinacidiphila soli
s__Gallimonas sp947631905
s__Hymenobacter sp030580865
s__Nocardioides jejuensis
s__Collinsella sp900547835
s__HRBIN21 sp025055465
s__Opitutus sp023416735
s__Mycobacterium sp029256565
s__UBA10103 sp021413775
s__Rubricoccus sp012960515
s__Eubacterium_F sp937915825
s__Paenibacillus durus
s__UBA2834 sp946408075
s__JAJEFO01 sp028824715
s__DTLA01 sp029907165
s__JAKJDO01 sp022705905
s__CAG-791 sp030533125
s__M55B132 sp018831055
s__Phocaeicola sp015060735
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp027365225
s__Collinsella sp938036665
s__JAKOQB01 sp029778535
s__Palsa-1233 sp025360265
s__Paraprevotella sp944321345
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007127425
s__UBA5072 sp016935355
s__Winogradskyella sp003335675
s__Sulfurimonas sp026988735
s__BWSM-131 sp030149025
s__Prevotella sp905233425
s__DTHT01 sp025062235
s__2-12-FULL-41-16 sp023246565
s__Selenomonas_B ruminantium_C
s__Propioniciclava sp030539405
s__RUG11194 sp024407815
s__Emticicia sp013912375
s__Bacillus_AO sp022812285
s__C7867-002 sp028713005
s__Microlunatus_A endophyticus
s__SYFN01 sp021298555
s__CAG-877 sp029099845
s__Algoriphagus sp947457095
s__Aliikangiella sp030432465
s__Longimicrobium sp019348475
s__Spiroplasma_B alleghenense
s__UBA668 sp016213625
s__2-01-FULL-47-10 sp001824325
s__JAHFFE01 sp023248155
s__Scatovivens sp947573445
s__Collinsella sp019414425
s__Geothrix sp903927605
s__CAJCIW01 sp023269365
s__JANWVD01 sp025057715
s__Aneurinibacillus_B sp028421645
s__SZUA-575 sp002747805
s__Siphonobacter curvatus
s__Fusicatenibacter sp022766945
s__Roseibium marinum
s__Choladousia sp021199235
s__CAG-465 sp023410645
s__Kribbella sp004345665
s__Intrasporangium_A chromatireducens
s__UBA4372 sp905233765
s__JAAXHH01 sp026706345
s__JALOAF01 sp937906635
s__FEN-1191 sp003132025
s__Sporanaerobium sp023412455
s__Hydrogenophaga sp021154985
s__BOG-931 sp030044035
s__GCA-2716345 sp002716345
s__Mycobacterium sp001500025
s__GCA-2746115 sp002746115
s__JAHHUH01 sp020024105
s__Polaribacter_A sp913065125
s__Paenibacillus mangrovi
s__Desulfobacillus sp963205435
s__UBA5893 sp944383335
s__RGIG6353 sp015064635
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288125
s__Aequorivita xiaoshiensis
s__Egerieimonas_A sp944375815
s__Paucibacter_A sp025717535
s__Onthocola_B sp934096025
s__JAADGE01 sp021648725
s__GCA-2691245 sp902563305
s__Desulfolinea sp013152325
s__JADKHK01 sp937873105
s__Parabacteroides sp937890135
s__JADGOW01 sp017882765
s__Halomonas ramblicola
s__JAJFTQ01 sp021372855
s__UBA11359 sp903831815
s__AG-337-I02 sp902572735
s__Scatovivens sp947625415
s__JABLXL01 sp013178125
s__Novosphingobium sp903970225
s__Panacagrimonas sp021773655
s__Flavisolibacter_B tropicus
s__Scatacola_A sp949292375
s__S143-34 sp024275145
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934695325
s__JACRFG01 sp016234345
s__JAKDKP01 sp030453285
s__WRFZ01 sp031270525
s__SIG519 sp015067255
s__Flavobacterium sp946479975
s__Polymorphobacter_B sp019245455
s__RGIG3091 sp947628525
s__JAUNBY01 sp030526935
s__Granulosicoccus antarcticus
s__JAEYVS01 sp937959065
s__Dysosmobacter sp017547085
s__Rossellomorea aquimaris_C
s__RUG13583 sp946186925
s__CAG-448 sp015065065
s__CAG-303 sp017408025
s__Hepatoplasma scabrum
s__SXKJ01 sp903823545
s__JACPST01 sp016193165
s__CACNRH01 sp902573865
s__JABABJ01 sp014238275
s__CAG-177 sp902792905
s__UBA2450 sp017635565
s__Rubrivivax sp016790395
s__Lentilactobacillus raoultii
s__Rhodoluna sp947483795
s__Alloprevotella sp024401055
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028408795
s__CAKZRU01 sp943788935
s__Ruminococcus_G sp946494335
s__CACNXQ01 sp902527075
s__G020353235 sp020353235
s__CANMSA01 sp938010765
s__Nitrosomonas sp024281675
s__JAISTR01 sp031272515
s__RI-112 sp016124535
s__Pelagibacter sp902533585
s__PHBP01 sp002842035
s__Reinekea blandensis
s__JAIQGA01 sp020072925
s__JALSRW01 sp026990035
s__GCA-2401425 sp002401425
s__Pricia antarctica_A
s__UBA4372 sp016292545
s__Aequorivita sp024637015
s__Ruminococcus sp937902395
s__Aliarcobacter sp028681275
s__SIG332 sp017468395
s__Methylotenera sp903846555
s__Neolewinella aurantiaca
s__Desulfofundulus sp020725525
s__Mesomycoplasma bovoculi
s__Desulfomicrobium sp937872685
s__UBA4372 sp021443405
s__Collinsella sp958403395
s__UBA9959 sp016207645
s__SL1-B47 sp029975165
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216455
s__CAKQDS01 sp937905855
s__UBA4615 sp003818495
s__QYPT01 sp919902125
s__Sorangium aterium
s__Lysobacter_C sp030856985
s__UBA12499 sp016188005
s__Tsuneonella sp023386135
s__Ornithinibacter aureus
s__Treponema_D sp905233535
s__Ga0077530 sp022842785
s__Sphingomonas hankookensis
s__JAKSDN01 sp022360075
s__Propionicimonas sp031265725
s__2-02-FULL-40-11 sp001798105
s__Rhodococcus sp013602415
s__Caldimonas tepidiphila
s__Xanthomarina sp003144015
s__CALLVF01 sp938010745
s__CAILMK01 sp903835275
s__Flavitalea sp023423015
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp015709315
s__CAG-533 sp905236935
s__CALFER01 sp937951895
s__Aquibacillus_A albus
s__Neobacillus sp031177865
s__GAS474 sp028283855
s__AG-409-I11 sp003215725
s__Nanopelagicus sp947460855
s__JAISED01 sp031255695
s__Aedoeadaptatus pacaensis
s__Microvirga alba
s__Chlamydia sp017472245
s__UBA1740 sp017501175
s__GCA-002701945 sp004321715
s__Pontibacter sp014212495
s__OLB19 sp020428685
s__JAQTPY01 sp028712445
s__JANSWY01 sp024743255
s__CAG-475 sp002308215
s__Victivallis sp031261965
s__Ghiorsea sp947311795
s__JAOAFZ01 sp026415975
s__Enteromonas sp946612055
s__Oxalobacter sp009783065
s__Firm-13 sp001603035
s__UBA5868 sp014336955
s__WTBX01 sp030627285
s__Alteromonas sp027013165
s__Actinomyces weissii
s__Pseudoroseomonas sp902706185
s__WRAX01 sp009779935
s__CAJQOT01 sp905480015
s__Flexifilum sp023392115
s__UBA7542 sp021324235
s__VGLO01 sp016866675
s__Bordetella_B sp937881145
s__RF16 sp905234685
s__JACQGT01 sp030432295
s__Gemmatimonas sp023910675
s__Solimonas_A fluminis
s__Treponema_D sp022510925
s__JAKEHA01 sp022615275
s__JAKAUH01 sp027435495
s__JAPLWD01 sp026396775
s__Collinsella sp023708985
s__Tsukamurella sputi
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017395925
s__Rathayibacter rubneri
s__H1-PLA3 sp016710275
s__Ventricola sp945948915
s__Tabrizicola sp025458105
s__JANJWP01 sp024709505
s__Microbacterium helvum
s__Solimonas aquatica
s__Treponema_D sp017453705
s__OLB11 sp016706595
s__RGIG9060 sp028725265
s__Streptomyces sp900129855
s__Winkia sp030528145
s__Eubacterium_G sp024698585
s__WJJL01 sp014729725
s__Haloferula lutea
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905235295
s__Sulfuritalea sp021738105
s__UBA2645 sp021151765
s__CAG-303 sp017935565
s__Tichowtungia sp016342445
s__UBA1740 sp947304475
s__HRBIN24 sp030550295
s__Ramlibacter sp021156245
s__Ruminococcus_E sp002353935
s__UBA9959 sp903917735
s__Paenalcaligenes sp947626245
s__Ornithinicoccus cavernae
s__UBA9942 sp016194325
s__JAFGRL01 sp016935195
s__Methylovulum sp002299425
s__CAG-272 sp015064295
s__Psychrobacter sp001435845
s__Prevotella sp017617725
s__Saccharofermentans sp902803695
s__GCA-2691245 sp902613995
s__Marivibrio sp024743195
s__Bacillus_AI deserti_A
s__UBA1845 sp013151185
s__Quinella sp905236145
s__Pelagibacter sp902525295
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029213065
s__Actinacidiphila sp000721495
s__UBA3766 sp017962225
s__Telmatospirillum siberiense
s__Rubrivivax sp022842305
s__UBA1258 sp946534145
s__Haoranjiania sp023396345
s__SHWC01 sp945902735
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp015689645
s__Clostridium sp012519845
s__JACMPA01 sp014377695
s__Faecousia sp934589155
s__GWA2-66-18 sp023249675
s__Coproplasma sp023667345
s__SZUA-232 sp003229305
s__Alkalicoccobacillus plakortidis_A
s__Paenibacillus_E aestuarii
s__Lichenicola sp937873225
s__Bin80 sp022821385
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944322805
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp028140765
s__Sutcliffiella_A horikoshii_F
s__Chryseobacterium sp022701545
s__Rhodovulum marinum
s__Corynebacterium mycetoides
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214815
s__CAIKUF01 sp937864005
s__JAJNBD01 sp021156105
s__Caulobacter henricii
s__Pelagibacter sp902594825
s__Cupriavidus sp031180665
s__CAJOIG01 sp947628805
s__Chloracidobacterium sp002254845
s__UMGS1370 sp021772025
s__Gemmatimonas sp021299375
s__Dysosmobacter sp017937405
s__Sphingomonas sp029911635
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938044085
s__RGIG5097 sp017476005
s__Gallimonas sp947630365
s__J061 sp003695725
s__MWH-TA3 sp937896185
s__Flavobacterium sp001800945
s__UBA952 sp030833265
s__Sphingopyxis sp014873485
s__Beijerinckia mobilis
s__Desulfitibacter sp001515945
s__CAG-873 sp947646295
s__JAMDCX01 sp027313145
s__JAJYHY01 sp021784555
s__CALWAM01 sp947623845
s__Sulfurovum sp026985755
s__UBA5609 sp002067975
s__Bin95 sp022821735
s__UMGS1124 sp934085875
s__Bathyoplasma sp013332095
s__JAAYSO01 sp012523945
s__C7867-001 sp021784815
s__Ottowia sp031256305
s__Cyclonatronum sp003566395
s__Parasphingorhabdus halotolerans
s__F23-D06 sp024400875
s__Geomonas agri
s__Croceibacterium mercuriale
s__WRHT01 sp009782775
s__Sulfurimonas sp026996295
s__Leadbettera azotonutricia
s__Brachyspira catarrhinii
s__UBA7672 sp018969425
s__JABMQE01 sp013203415
s__Eisenbergiella sp021770245
s__Bacillus_A sp006494425
s__Arcicella sp025454855
s__JANWIQ01 sp025449795
s__JAMCTG01 sp023379005
s__Hanamia sp027364635
s__JALZDI01 sp030862655
s__DTU015 sp012842105
s__JAJZFF01 sp021805485
s__Propionicimonas sp002482525
s__SFMI01 sp946042585
s__Rhodoferax sp014190675
s__4572-112 sp023145955
s__Acetobacterium sp030586155
s__REAG01 sp004294265
s__JADKBO01 sp016715465
s__Desulfuromusa sp023145655
s__Hymenobacter norwichensis
s__CAIKLP01 sp947478655
s__B1SED10-16 sp011389515
s__JACVCL01 sp016742075
s__UBA8366 sp002718015
s__UBA9715 sp017460365
s__Aegicerativicinus sp900104375
s__RAAP-2 sp025449805
s__B24-G6 sp029939245
s__Yoonia sp913061335
s__Arsenophonus sp900343025
s__S5-A14a sp949285555
s__Nocardioides sp900101045
s__Onthomonas sp021200895
s__VXNF01 sp021296435
s__PALSA-1005 sp003153335
s__Pseudomonas_E xantholysinigenes
s__Microbacterium sp017305435
s__JASMJM01 sp030749725
s__RGAU01 sp009919975
s__JAUPVN01 sp030917025
s__JACPPX01 sp016190785
s__Bradyrhizobium sp001693485
s__CAIRDP01 sp026391735
s__MAG-120802 sp029978425
s__RUG410 sp017958895
s__JAADEI01 sp015490475
s__Scatomorpha sp902496595
s__JADGQN01 sp017881765
s__DTXE01 sp012962595
s__Deminuibacter soli
s__Cfx3-03 sp013390605
s__JAUNAF01 sp030526715
s__UPXZ01 sp937870645
s__Laedolimicola sp021770065
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp028067895
s__Allocoleopsis franciscana
s__Variovorax sp024701975
s__UBA8309 sp011524735
s__JASEHZ01 sp030017555
s__UBA1234 sp934149305
s__CAKPQL01 sp947629555
s__WGMQ01 sp016125005
s__CAG-793 sp946410665
s__Aristaeella sp017541105
s__Pukyongia sp030431695
s__Streptomyces lacrimifluminis
s__Planktophila sulfonica
s__Sodaliphilus sp937896015
s__UBA1259 sp015069265
s__Thermotomaculum sp027038695
s__JAHJTW01 sp027056825
s__UBA6448 sp934096705
s__Rubrobacter_A aplysinae
s__UBA6140 sp001704575
s__JAPPFW01 sp026710435
s__UBA737 sp017549905
s__PALSA-1444 sp027459675
s__DUOD01 sp012838995
s__JAQTXJ01 sp028716385
s__JAHJTW01 sp024763215
s__Rhodoferax_B sp025354435
s__Rhodoplanes sp013377085
s__FEB-17 sp003104935
s__Occallatibacter sp017883405
s__Streptococcus sp905372925
s__PBB1 sp025352345
s__Lepagella sp947073495
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031281895
s__Blautia_A sp937880195
s__Methylotenera sp002842195
s__Pelagibacter sp902551445
s__CAIYOL01 sp903927855
s__Collinsella sp959599635
s__Methylobacterium sp022829445
s__RSF151 sp005116795
s__Stenotrophomonas sp003086795
s__JAFUXM01 sp017448375
s__JACDCY01 sp013817305
s__QWPN01 sp014192425
s__DAOUQG01 sp030625765
s__JAAFHB01 sp025355585
s__JALVLL01 sp027027485
s__GCA-2711565 sp029938505
s__SCN-70-22 sp016794735
s__JAIBBU01 sp019694515
s__JALYGY01 sp029240775
s__SCTD01 sp902805775
s__Streptococcus oralis_V
s__Wujia sp015057515
s__UBA2103 sp002331145
s__UBA1774 sp017524845
s__Sphingomicrobium sp023391375
s__UBA2199 sp022711715
s__CALEWY01 sp937925335
s__Termitinema primitia_A
s__Pelagibacter sp902545035
s__DTKD01 sp012522555
s__UBA7377 sp028139135
s__JAOAAK01 sp026418905
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023435725
s__Pelagibacter sp902635545
s__Corynebacterium hylobatis
s__Flaviramulus basaltis
s__Olivibacter sp031157395
s__JAMLJG01 sp937958885
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938017645
s__CAG-269 sp944387535
s__Gygaella obscura
s__Roseovarius sp030373445
s__BN30871 sp020721345
s__Desulfocurvibacter sp023411815
s__Limnovirga sp002390845
s__Methylobacterium sp008806345
s__JAAUYQ01 sp014805015
s__Gallimonas sp947589335
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp016938655
s__Guyparkeria sp024636755
s__Lepagella sp022509225
s__RUG099 sp902798745
s__JAHJML01 sp020444505
s__Erythrobacter sp002482865
s__JABEUL01 sp013044465
s__Udaeobacter sp003219435
s__Neolewinella litorea
s__GCA-001735895 sp947260025
s__JAQVPN01 sp028713225
s__JALYJG01 sp030775365
s__CAG-313 sp947591495
s__Streptococcus sp943912555
s__CANMEQ01 sp947493255
s__C7867-001 sp021833245
s__UBA2773 sp030641245
s__Lutibacter sp002842505
s__SXXK01 sp023258825
s__Pelagibacter sp902524865
s__Acetatifactor sp947581865
s__Mucilaginibacter sp946479225
s__Mobilitalea sp012523925
s__Micromonospora mirobrigensis
s__Bosea sp026400555
s__DAOWNJ01 sp030642645
s__RUG11237 sp949289145
s__CAG-273 sp944390525
s__Casimicrobium sp013298455
s__SZUA-448 sp003252135
s__Vibrio maritimus_A
s__Ornithinimicrobium avium
s__UBA1783 sp030525245
s__RUG521 sp017512285
s__RFXV01 sp009921445
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214195
s__Paraburkholderia acidisoli
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp027492935
s__CAG-488 sp017481575
s__Lutispora thermophila
s__Defluviicoccus sp016712375
s__RUG369 sp028695965
s__JAHILT01 sp030646555
s__Streptomyces tardus
s__Tabrizicola sp016793705
s__Streptomyces sp008120935
s__Halioglobus sp024742415
s__CAMLJR01 sp946480345
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017535125
s__JAGVLN01 sp945905715
s__Chitinophaga dinghuensis
s__DYSO01 sp937862805
s__BM004 sp024639555
s__Halomonas sp947490095
s__SpSt-77 sp017743275
s__Coxiella sp019425495
s__Immundisolibacter cernigliae
s__GCA-2691245 sp902526865
s__Demequina sediminicola
s__CAG-177 sp017532185
s__Nocardioides sp008123405
s__Puia sp013287475
s__Ohtaekwangia sp023417955
s__JAJRYC01 sp024275975
s__CAINWE01 sp903854365
s__Fortiea contorta
s__Reyranella sp018240685
s__Catellatospora vulcania
s__UBA737 sp017618135
s__Agitococcus sp937920075
s__Spirochaeta_A thermophila
s__UBA1020 sp030917245
s__RCIZ01 sp019635775
s__UBA5420 sp012520315
s__CAACVY01 sp937139365
s__JAIOPN01 sp021413865
s__JAJTHY01 sp029266655
s__JABSSC01 sp013214635
s__Deinococcus_B maricopensis
s__Chitinophaga sp009647655
s__Comchoanobacter bicostacola
s__Acerihabitans sp015654925
s__HGM04593 sp017546505
s__JACROH01 sp016214545
s__CAIWCT01 sp903911225
s__UBA10281 sp934247225
s__Pseudoduganella sp019751755
s__01-FULL-38-12b sp001820255
s__UBA6987 sp017619975
s__Erythrobacter sp002215495
s__Geodermatophilus aquaeductus
s__Nitrosomonas sp900111165
s__Hymenobacter jeongseonensis
s__QALR01 sp017472285
s__Hallerella sp023231365
s__Inquilinus limosus_E
s__DAOWEP01 sp030638455
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002315815
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903914985
s__Aquihabitans sp019048865
s__WTGU01 sp011523425
s__JAAZNL01 sp012798315
s__Proteus columbae
s__Pusillimonas_B sp013416395
s__Acinetobacter sp902809855
s__Pedobacter sp030817875
s__Marithrix sp016744775
s__Ruminococcus_C sp017623515
s__JAIRLF01 sp031273285
s__Thermophilibacter sp030525685
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp022508485
s__JANQSN01 sp028284045
s__JADGGM01 sp025449955
s__Ruegeria sp903914075
s__Butyribacter sp947174825
s__UBA964 sp010027845
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp026393955
s__Parasphingopyxis sp937129435
s__JAAUTJ01 sp014696105
s__Prevotella sp902780025
s__Pseudomonas_E sp031119625
s__Prevotella sp017469955
s__Natronobacillus azotifigens
s__JAUYFZ01 sp030689585
s__Pseudoclavibacter_B triregionum
s__JAPLFM01 sp026390675
s__Petrocella sp029210395
s__Collinsella sp958354105
s__Herbiconiux sp023264855
s__SSGK01 sp936941205
s__Octadecabacter algicola
s__JAGVLQ01 sp020054235
s__Flagellimonas sp937911965
s__Tidjanibacter sp934663885
s__JAFGAX01 sp016933415
s__Citricoccus muralis
s__DTU059 sp012839205
s__JAJZMF01 sp021821705
s__JAIOPA01 sp023249845
s__JALOPY01 sp025453735
s__U87765 sp031291445
s__CALGBT01 sp937884235
s__JAIFWN01 sp019661785
s__RPRC01 sp029975275
s__Cellulomonas sp022346185
s__Hanamia sp024103425
s__JABJJH01 sp028822585
s__Ruminococcus sp017650195
s__UBA1067 sp015061665
s__SZUA-1433 sp029935075
s__Edaphobacter lichenicola_E
s__Dolichospermum compactum
s__Castellaniella sp937988725
s__JANWYT01 sp937944445
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp023665525
s__Anaerotignum sp022786605
s__GWF2-43-52 sp023247895
s__JAUXSK01 sp030679985
s__1-14-0-10-40-38 sp002773535
s__Sulfobacillus_B harzensis
s__JAEDJI01 sp016296435
s__Thalassobius mangrovi
s__Acetobacterium sp030652775
s__RGIG1911 sp017414715
s__JACDGC01 sp013815535
s__Merdimonas sp949287925
s__JAJFFD01 sp021776805
s__RUG11977 sp947304065
s__GWA1-40-21 sp000996205
s__Cyanobium sp024346395
s__RUG14156 sp017560095
s__DUQP01 sp012837735
s__Psittacicella melopsittaci
s__Devosia sp023388175
s__VFZN01 sp020851565
s__JAKLKQ01 sp023150555
s__Nocardia sienata
s__UBA3636 sp946534105
s__CALXUC01 sp934182605
s__Nocardioides sp025964975
s__UBA9145 sp021773355
s__IDS-8 sp018677555
s__Neotabrizicola shimadae
s__RUG11198 sp934167785
s__JAUNBG01 sp030539295
s__Streptomyces shenzhenensis_A
s__Rhodovarius lipocyclicus
s__Wolbachia sp013365475
s__Suilimivivens sp947063675
s__Limihaloglobus sulfuriphilus
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp014860395
s__Bipolaricaulis sp937921255
s__Enterousia sp902790415
s__SW-6-46-9 sp003022255
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp031292175
s__JADGOP01 sp017882935
s__M3007 sp018969455
s__RGIG8767 sp017621115
s__WQZR01 sp009780625
s__JALWYU01 sp026992635
s__Actinomarina sp902555055
s__Nocardiopsis sp003634495
s__Streptococcus sp030528055
s__JAUILP01 sp030432875
s__JAFUXM01 sp017417365
s__Coproplasma sp949745625
s__Giesbergeria sp016192425
s__Cryobacterium adonitolivorans
s__Adiutrix sp031283395
s__Fibrobacter sp946402415
s__JAAFGM01 sp025055235
s__Lepagella sp029060625
s__UBA1786 sp024398435
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017509685
s__Malonomonas rubra_A
s__PALSA-968 sp013287545
s__Propionivibrio sp025997075
s__UBA2112 sp023262335
s__DUVM01 sp012841045
s__34-128 sp014894735
s__UMGS755 sp015068905
s__Luteolibacter sp008932955
s__Pseudooceanicola algae
s__UMGS1865 sp017452215
s__Streptomyces sp004151105
s__Bin90 sp009838595
s__JAJRTA01 sp030619425
s__Streptomyces atratus_B
s__Erythrobacter sp019750455
s__DRTC01 sp011372345
s__Collinsella sp934650095
s__RGIG8386 sp017612805
s__SCSU01 sp004299275
s__JAEULC01 sp020846275
s__JAICQM01 sp025937875
s__Enterousia sp017520675
s__HGM13006 sp029012465
s__JAOAQX01 sp025210805
s__Aliarcobacter sp019752775
s__Phaeovibrio sulfidiphilus
s__UBA5266 sp017994425
s__Novosphingobium sp019075875
s__UBA724 sp022425505
s__CALGYO01 sp937934715
s__BOG-930 sp937874445
s__Akkermansia sp017390945
s__UBA4466 sp015662935
s__Porticoccus sp006227015
s__Micromonospora avicenniae
s__Metamycoplasma gypis
s__JAAFAL01 sp018222345
s__RGVT01 sp027486095
s__Sphingomicrobium sp946886645
s__Scatosoma sp937888935
s__Microbacterium sp020439065
s__JAIROE01 sp031266775
s__CALFCE01 sp937951345
s__Gillisia sp024635715
s__Sporobacter sp012718935
s__RF16 sp017384225
s__OLB17 sp946480545
s__IMCC2047 sp001593685
s__12844 sp021205715
s__Bulleidia sp938039295
s__Collinsella sp900547655
s__TMED27 sp016764775
s__GCA-2746565 sp002746565
s__JAHEIK01 sp029259795
s__JAGVGV01 sp020056895
s__QWPN01 sp945876515
s__CP070648 sp020354555
s__CACHHO01 sp902579545
s__KA00134 sp902488815
s__SZUA-1403 sp947311645
s__UBA5070 sp029557215
s__Aphodocola sp945788325
s__JACQZT01 sp030693045
s__GWA2-46-15 sp030693425
s__Thiodubiliella sp028599035
s__Arachnia sp029211185
s__JAQBYL01 sp027622495
s__Sphingorhabdus_B profundilacus
s__RGIG1911 sp017556885
s__Amycolatopsis sp030285665
s__Mucilaginibacter sp005938025
s__GCA-2730555 sp030747175
s__CAKUFA01 sp030529995
s__JAGROY01 sp020439995
s__GCA-002282575 sp014763665
s__XYD2-FULL-41-14 sp001784475
s__Proteus sp014897315
s__Lampropedia hyalina
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949293335
s__JAISHZ01 sp031262285
s__Lentihominibacter sp015058205
s__UBA4372 sp017645305
s__CSP1-5 sp023249165
s__J042 sp003696445
s__Nocardia sp000381925
s__Chryseosolibacter histidini
s__Peribacter sp030647195
s__CALRHN01 sp943359425
s__JABDGH01 sp903970335
s__UBA1847 sp029881015
s__PALSA-747 sp947452525
s__R2A130 sp000179775
s__Acidihalobacter prosperus
s__Pedobacter cryoconitis_D
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031276485
s__Neorhizobium sp005222835
s__Tamlana_B sedimentorum
s__Sulfitobacter_E sabulilitoris
s__Ochrobactrum_B sp023451915
s__Paracoccus sp945915435
s__Deinococcus malanensis
s__JAMWDI01 sp026416755
s__JASJCN01 sp030065975
s__SCVQ01 sp016873525
s__Sporosarcina jiandibaonis
s__JAUXZG01 sp030694005
s__WQRX01 sp009781755
s__Enterococcus_F lowellii
s__Bdellovibrio sp000786105
s__Companilactobacillus jidongensis
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp012516435
s__Collinsella sp902465465
s__UBA5851 sp022704305
s__Hymenobacter sp000737515
s__Sphingomonas sp002127225
s__1-14-0-10-43-11 sp002778635
s__SIG402 sp015069615
s__Nitrospira_D sp022842445
s__Spirillospora sp004348535
s__UBA4372 sp937910905
s__Pelagibacter sp902600635
s__Rhodoglobus sp000247645
s__CAMYMG01 sp947259295
s__UBA12191 sp013911165
s__ELB16-189 sp019751475
s__CAIWHR01 sp025355395
s__Pararhizobium sp025847205
s__Acidoferrum sp030774335
s__CALWWS01 sp944385305
s__Anaerococcus sp902488555
s__Rhizomicrobium sp024236055
s__JANXPS01 sp025356865
s__RUG12783 sp947165365
s__Streptomyces pacificus
s__JACRGV01 sp023248365
s__RUG14156 sp017402995
s__CAKSJY01 sp934457115
s__Nitratireductor soli
s__Pseudaquidulcibacter sp027492515
s__Chryseobacterium sp023399595
s__JAJACQ01 sp022600215
s__Parasynechococcus sp020514095
s__JACAEN01 sp013388845
s__JAUSIS01 sp030647355
s__UBA2883 sp946183815
s__J045 sp003696075
s__CALXGH01 sp944387845
s__JAUQQG01 sp030550015
s__JAOUMJ01 sp029881495
s__Enterenecus sp944385435
s__GMQP-bins7 sp013698195
s__Alitiscatomonas sp017482945
s__Fulvivirga sp947500555
s__JAUXAN01 sp030619885
s__Kineococcus xinjiangensis
s__JAJYAB01 sp021779775
s__WRKP01 sp031274045
s__JAFDZV01 sp018266795
s__Helicobacter_D sp014799995
s__Tabrizicola sp022842145
s__UMGS1279 sp017410605
s__JARACJ01 sp028767165
s__CAG-269 sp947087745
s__Calorimonas adulescens
s__Flectobacillus major
s__UBA3633 sp017449075
s__2-01-FULL-45-10 sp030695905
s__UBA5004 sp030650605
s__Sinorhizobium sp031178305
s__JAPYRS01 sp029936875
s__JADFXI01 sp015233655
s__Levilactobacillus huananensis
s__Acidicapsa ligni
s__MGBC124762 sp949093475
s__CALARM01 sp029555925
s__REEB77 sp027311205
s__CALMUP01 sp937872895
s__JAQVOS01 sp028691905
s__JAPLSS01 sp026398515
s__CANQVB01 sp947627225
s__JAMDDL01 sp023488645
s__RUG11792 sp946408175
s__Dyella_B choica
s__NIOZ-UU35 sp014382605
s__Kribbia dieselivorans
s__JARDZP01 sp029240795
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028287845
s__Hamadaea sp013362815
s__Aphodocola sp947589535
s__Collinsella sp958418185
s__Cognataquiflexum rubidum
s__GCA-002401385 sp002401385
s__Palsa-459 sp003162395
s__JAHELH01 sp024644285
s__Villigracilis sp009885525
s__CALANV01 sp937926175
s__JAIRKX01 sp031287815
s__Planktosalinus sp024742935
s__Roseinatronobacter sp016937725
s__Pseudonocardia sp020131355
s__JAQTOI01 sp028717025
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius_J
s__W498 sp011191875
s__Bacillus_D notoginsengisoli
s__AAA536-G10 sp902593735
s__RUG11257 sp012513425
s__JABMRP01 sp013202535
s__Palsa-89 sp955652915
s__UBA1259 sp944376035
s__Lacunisphaera sp002304425
s__CASICS01 sp028135785
s__JAEXOD01 sp937930275
s__JAHJQQ01 sp018819175
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510075
s__WFUO01 sp015484945
s__JAOARY01 sp025210335
s__JAUZOW01 sp030706225
s__Pseudobacteroides sp023430975
s__JACKCD01 sp020432595
s__Telluria sp023389425
s__JAAYZZ01 sp015233705
s__Pirellula_B sp021300015
s__Jidaibacter sp014116815
s__QIAW01 sp003225655
s__Varibaculum vaginae
s__Amphritea sp025800245
s__Fen-1231 sp903876745
s__Streptomyces kurssanovii
s__JAHECW01 sp024641545
s__BOG-938 sp028291305
s__Caldora sp010672925
s__Flavonifractor massiliensis_A
s__AMAZON01 sp013387205
s__Paenibacillus sp018403225
s__JAUVRX01 sp030597375
s__Modestobacter excelsi
s__JAISFI01 sp031263685
s__CAG-196 sp905236505
s__UBA7672 sp903842595
s__GCA-2691245 sp019650635
s__OLB11 sp947457085
s__Campylobacter_B sp937959485
s__Psittacicella gerlachiana
s__KH17 sp030450655
s__Virgibacillus_F necropolis
s__Hyphococcus sp028289605
s__Azospirillum lipoferum_C
s__JACRDC01 sp937908275
s__JAIBAQ01 sp019695095
s__Paraconexibacter sp025963955
s__Pararhodobacter sp937927885
s__Brevibacillus sp947502445
s__Lunatimonas salinarum
s__Facklamia sp024742075
s__SAR86A sp902558095
s__Anaeroplasma sp946405105
s__Sinomonas atrocyanea_B
s__Aquisediminimonas sp937873035
s__Pleomorphomonas sp950100655
s__JAUWYX01 sp030615625
s__UBA1847 sp905480215
s__Bog-1198 sp025358615
s__AAA536-G10 sp902583415
s__UBA11889 sp022448085
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023431055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp001602885
s__Mesosutterella sp022809315
s__UBA6140 sp002479405
s__Phocaeicola sp015060765
s__Ga0077527 sp026125585
s__Granulosicoccus sp013002205
s__Putridiphycobacter sp015662905
s__PALSA-600 sp013821525
s__Flavobacterium sp002836475
s__B13-G4 sp030627475
s__Caccovivens sp946487985
s__Sphingobacterium nematocida
s__JACDBZ01 sp020848055
s__BQJQ01 sp021604785
s__JAFUYV01 sp024695065
s__Devosia soli
s__CASBQJ01 sp949127705
s__JAJFJV01 sp021773635
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp021776635
s__Floccifex sp021442845
s__NMUJ01 sp021158725
s__SXIE01 sp005772945
s__HGM13006 sp902475515
s__UBA737 sp015066095
s__Heliobacterium mobile
s__UBA1405 sp949737515
s__Streptococcus cuniculi
s__JACPNR01 sp016185395
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945912085
s__Hyphomicrobium_B denitrificans_A
s__Saccharibacillus sp002205895
s__Planococcus donghaensis
s__UBA5069 sp002415895
s__Roseivirga sp013373005
s__Rubrobacter_A sp013695915
s__PWLA01 sp003567615
s__Gorillibacterium massiliense
s__Terasakiella magnetica
s__CAG-269 sp934183045
s__Aeromonas sp945957575
s__Pseudonocardia sp946222475
s__Pedobacter miscanthi
s__Maribacter sp030730545
s__JAATET01 sp028713285
s__Sneathiella sp015143595
s__Pedobacter steynii_A
s__Kitasatospora sp029892155
s__UBA10183 sp030649895
s__Campylobacter_B sp947090385
s__Kordia sp947489565
s__QHCF01 sp003244275
s__Edaphobacter sp018268895
s__JAAYBJ01 sp022710255
s__HDS-28 sp029861705
s__Psychromonas sp004376845
s__CADEFX01 sp902826715
s__Eubacterium_F sp017445525
s__Sebaldella sp024158605
s__Pararoseburia sp947589155
s__Flavobacterium sp030528745
s__JAGGWK01 sp021157525
s__JAGGZA01 sp021162265
s__UBA6669 sp016871755
s__JAIRMY01 sp031279285
s__DTU089 sp015066345
s__WQUV01 sp009778015
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030855945
s__Glycomyces tritici
s__JAAYJK01 sp012520725
s__JAIPGF01 sp021767685
s__Halothiobacillus neapolitanus_B
s__Thaumasiovibrio subtropicus
s__Caulobacter sp027474405
s__JABAAI01 sp014238825
s__Faeciplasma sp021201135
s__UMGS1994 sp944387405
s__CAG-590 sp024698145
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031282725
s__UBA1712 sp002317175
s__Limnohabitans sp947461325
s__Rubripirellula sp029213145
s__Amylibacter ulvae
s__GCA-2704625 sp902583685
s__Nocardioides alkalitolerans
s__Rhodanobacter sp014843005
s__UBA3291 sp946404285
s__Granulicella sp030854435
s__JAJDTQ01 sp026712905
s__Ochrobactrum sp002975205
s__Shinella daejeonensis
s__Pararobbsia alpina
s__Antricoccus suffuscus
s__GCA-002733185 sp024644805
s__Marinobacter sp018860425
s__Casimicrobium sp013298045
s__Maribacillus taeanensis
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027488215
s__Trichlorobacter sp030247655
s__JAIRKS01 sp031279175
s__JAFDBW01 sp019313105
s__JAJZVV01 sp027449745
s__Lawsonibacter sp949747935
s__CALKMO01 sp026417845
s__NORP259 sp029212955
s__DTU018 sp029550685
s__Microterricola viridarii
s__JACPCP01 sp016179745
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp030539335
s__Vescimonas sp947168655
s__WS-3 sp005893225
s__Desulfogranum mediterraneum
s__UBA11051 sp003542955
s__Mycobacterium sp001665685
s__Merdivicinus sp944382875
s__Ramlibacter sp936925435
s__Ch66 sp013178045
s__Onthomonas sp021201635
s__Cytobacillus sp019039215
s__JAADEI01 sp013153515
s__DUPJ01 sp012838355
s__UBA1267 sp947305345
s__UBA1259 sp015055735
s__Pseudoneobacillus rhizosphaerae
s__Stutzerimonas sp022448005
s__Sodaliphilus sp934661195
s__RUG13583 sp017551905
s__JABDMH01 sp030433135
s__B13-G4 sp030262895
s__Lentihominibacter sp017432345
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp947630215
s__Pseudomonas_E laurylsulfativorans
s__Mobilitalea sp028691795
s__RGIG8482 sp947628815
s__Aquirufa sp947486835
s__Parvicella sp913064955
s__Aliivibrio sp900312675
s__CALCTE01 sp937893885
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp949743655
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas sp947630895
s__UBA2279 sp002347365
s__UBA9214 sp022340485
s__Sphingomicrobium sp013816595
s__Thiosymbion ectosymbiont_B
s__Aceula sp028693815
s__JALYXS01 sp030946965
s__CALLJL01 sp938092135
s__Micromonospora matsumotoensis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009905435
s__Bisbaumannia sp015645095
s__JAFGCO01 sp016932575
s__B1SED10-225 sp003559585
s__Ruminococcus sp017437285
s__JOPF133 sp030038565
s__CAMDOZ01 sp020852595
s__Paenibacillus_N swuensis
s__Terrimonas_A ginsenosidimutans
s__JAJBTS01 sp029916745
s__Croceivirga_A thetidis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp900142915
s__Metabacillus_B sp003816055
s__CU05-9 sp943913335
s__UBA11524 sp017513475
s__Borkfalkia sp949282395
s__JAEUIV01 sp016795005
s__Bog-1198 sp025355645
s__UBA737 sp905236975
s__Dongia sp936916975
s__Deefgea sp947072475
s__Novosphingobium sp947454135
s__Litorimonas sp938040095
s__Azonexus sp028868235
s__Luteolibacter sp019634595
s__JAGWBJ01 sp021295955
s__JAQTQH01 sp028712355
s__CALRBJ01 sp943354205
s__JAUVXM01 sp030614645
s__Demequina soli
s__Fodinibius salsisoli
s__SpSt-333 sp016182545
s__Rhodoglobus sp025351795
s__UDEA-SF1 sp937924195
s__Ghiorsea sp015663235
s__Acetatifactor sp017552985
s__Deinococcus_C misasensis
s__JADJNY01 sp016714045
s__Lacipirellula sp013822725
s__Pelagibacter sp902581605
s__HGM10857 sp947246355
s__AG-337-I02 sp902623255
s__WRLA01 sp031254805
s__NK4A144 sp017614155
s__JACDEQ01 sp013816225
s__Dyella humicola
s__JAEWAE01 sp023391835
s__Actinokineospora enzanensis
s__Thiobacillus sp012274165
s__Caccovivens sp949841045
s__DYKH01 sp020722685
s__Flavobacterium rhamnosiphilum
s__Dyadobacter sp021390535
s__SIG603 sp017935165
s__Yimella sp030150425
s__CAIVAT01 sp026391715
s__Spartinivicinus ruber
s__Lentihominibacter sp902786815
s__UBA1183 sp934700265
s__Isoalcanivorax sp022565695
s__Bosea vestrisii
s__CALUZH01 sp949290085
s__Lawsonibacter sp944387225
s__UBA4293 sp030523705
s__UBA1924 sp002401225
s__XYA2-FULL-43-10 sp001776195
s__Aphodousia sp017646335
s__Sulfurovum sp015663065
s__Geothrix sp025361205
s__JAACSU01 sp021129415
s__CAIUEQ01 sp947481365
s__GWF1-45-5 sp001001795
s__PALSA-1296 sp025357895
s__Micromonospora sp027497175
s__JAGPFW01 sp018056275
s__Pseudonocardia acidicola
s__JAEZGP01 sp019690055
s__UBA6176 sp025363585
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp009699915
s__Halarcobacter sp030145305
s__JAPKYZ01 sp947458745
s__XYD2-FULL-41-16 sp024653795
s__CADEDH01 sp029861725
s__JAFGGD01 sp016930695
s__JACKHA01 sp020639215
s__WJJR01 sp014729565
s__RI-382 sp016125215
s__Gordonibacter sp023395755
s__Roseivivax isoporae
s__PALSA-660 sp003133285
s__Paraglaciecola sp913020055
s__B33-G16 sp020351915
s__Pelagerythrobacter sp016803135
s__WQUG01 sp009778715
s__UBA8612 sp017625095
s__Kallipyga sp902489145
s__Aliiroseovarius sp023016085
s__Nafulsella turpanensis
s__JALWQB01 sp026994795
s__UBA1217 sp946542135
s__Acidoferrum sp003224105
s__SUG1201 sp029007295
s__UBA3700 sp946623205
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024689525
s__UBA6669 sp002455175
s__Halopseudomonas litoralis
s__Ferruginibacter sp937873715
s__JAMCZD01 sp023473405
s__Flavobacterium sp009792295
s__CAG-448 sp017420845
s__JALUAR01 sp027050975
s__UBA2230 sp002348005
s__UBA3402 sp947599905
s__JAGWBR01 sp021295785
s__Sphingomonas_I sp013113735
s__Pontibacter indicus
s__C7867-001 sp938008595
s__Collinsella sp905215005
s__JACORV01 sp016209905
s__JACPAB01 sp016181045
s__Pontiella desulfatans
s__RAAP-2 sp021777285
s__Rhodoferax_C sp030824095
s__Emergencia sp949289445
s__RGIG7111 sp945873875
s__Microbacterium faecale
s__Pseudorhodoferax boronicumulans_A
s__UBA3012 sp014190175
s__JAFGCL01 sp030372995
s__Desulfobulbus alkaliphilus
s__Nitrosomonas sp949281375
s__GCA-2748055 sp024244665
s__VXNE01 sp958295875
s__Flexifilum affinis
s__Leptospira_A ognonensis
s__Nanopelagicus sp945883755
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902597175
s__JAJPIL01 sp021324755
s__Flavobacterium frigidarium
s__Spirillospora rupiterrae
s__Iodobacter violacea
s__Streptomyces sp018614525
s__Pedobacter sp026239675
s__JANXAQ01 sp029550925
s__Homoserinimonas sp015234465
s__Streptomyces pathocidini
s__Bin80 sp022820435
s__CCMEE29 sp023558375
s__PSRF01 sp014380365
s__Udaeobacter sp003218915
s__Faecousia sp902795095
s__JAJOLD01 sp021129515
s__1-14-0-10-43-42 sp002793915
s__UBA1096 sp913045395
s__JANQQZ01 sp028284805
s__RGIG3528 sp024691875
s__Pelagibacter sp902540275
s__Rehaibacterium terrae
s__2-01-FULL-44-10 sp001792465
s__Jejuia sp947502975
s__Flavivirga rizhaonensis
s__Fusobacterium sp938049355
s__BM507 sp002869265
s__RUG592 sp902761345
s__Diaphorobacter_A sp937862875
s__Sphingomicrobium anseongensis
s__Microcella flavibacter
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp021155045
s__Pseudobdellovibrio qaytius
s__Bifidobacterium sp029392815
s__Sphingorhabdus_C soli
s__Methylocystis sp016869435
s__JACQWX01 sp016209035
s__JABJAG01 sp030831135
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017515925
s__Bulleidia sp017539825
s__JADLHS01 sp937894935
s__JAGWJU01 sp028865585
s__GCA-2704625 sp902567495
s__Aquabacterium_A sp016790515
s__Arthrobacter sp024362385
s__Lawsonibacter sp902497145
s__JAGRGI01 sp020445565
s__JADJHU01 sp016707425
s__Mobilitalea sp012518935
s__RI-55 sp016124235
s__JAFGSJ01 sp016934675
s__Avoscillospira sp016296235
s__Aquabacterium olei_A
s__Aliivibrio sp024206155
s__JAADGE01 sp947311255
s__Occallatibacter sp030038435
s__JADGRF01 sp017881185
s__Streptosporangium lutulentum
s__WHSY01 sp009379815
s__Deferrimicrobium borealis
s__Anaerobutyricum sp021202175
s__Guyparkeria sp016278265
s__Bog-756 sp017883105
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp002457435
s__Brooklawnia sp937867175
s__Sediminibacterium salmoneum
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947166905
s__Quinella sp905233965
s__JABGRG01 sp018648445
s__CAAGGB01 sp017963875
s__JAATEZ01 sp015655485
s__JANTGF01 sp030596025
s__Bordetella_C sp001433395
s__WFPA01 sp026989275
s__Cryptobacteroides sp028724885
s__JAAWBX01 sp022792885
s__Mesotoga infera_D
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017502425
s__Corynebacterium rouxii
s__Sulfurimonas sp027064515
s__JAIRNI01 sp031263345
s__JAJOJU01 sp021208265
s__Clostridium_J sp002387895
s__RUG11690 sp902802755
s__JAHIUL01 sp018817195
s__GCA-002720895 sp002711715
s__JAJTHB01 sp021299465
s__CALAME01 sp937925675
s__Gallimonas sp947630115
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947304155
s__Eudoraea sp947260015
s__Algoriphagus mannitolivorans
s__T3SED10-354 sp003564915
s__Limiplasma pullicola
s__Robiginitomaculum sp938001945
s__Borkfalkia sp944368925
s__Microcella sp019739195
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002379585
s__Phaeacidiphilus oryzae
s__Paucisalibacillus globulus_B
s__Casimicrobium sp029571495
s__Limimorpha sp024400355
s__UBA4096 sp947451425
s__DAOVPY01 sp030628945
s__UBA4334 sp017453465
s__Choladousia sp947627245
s__JAITNB01 sp031290695
s__GCA-2737665 sp013298545
s__Geodermatophilus sp003428645
s__Yoonia sp017854565
s__JAFDJI01 sp019307545
s__Clostridioides_A sp031272305
s__Hypericibacter terrae
s__Micromonospora_E sp029626025
s__Streptomyces macrolidinus
s__UBA737 sp934446475
s__UBA2589 sp937982605
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401635
s__Tannerella sp031290635
s__QANA01 sp934555865
s__ASP10-02a sp016845445
s__RGIG3102 sp017555565
s__JADLFY01 sp963169815
s__Fibrobacter sp017545445
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp018267795
s__Vreelandella neptunia_A
s__Chiayiivirga sp023954075
s__Caenispirillum salinarum
s__UBA1711 sp017542345
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031275955
s__Luteolibacter sp030673875
s__JAIRZX01 sp031281735
s__CAG-196 sp934757155
s__CAG-791 sp902767235
s__CAKKQA01 sp919901925
s__CAG-873 sp947176515
s__RGIG8773 sp947631055
s__JAISSA01 sp031273365
s__67-14 sp020438295
s__JAHDCT01 sp937958645
s__CAG-793 sp947625075
s__Streptomyces sp022695985
s__MW101C3 sp937919075
s__Prevotella sp017417465
s__Archangium_A sp009885595
s__Hominimerdicola sp017626015
s__UBA947 sp002293275
s__BNWD01 sp025998575
s__UBA7867 sp017541375
s__Gemmiger_A sp949295035
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938039175
s__UBA2813 sp902792085
s__ER46 sp016222805
s__Roseovarius sp026891095
s__NIC37A-2 sp022447485
s__KH17 sp900199505
s__WRLZ01 sp031261545
s__Microbacterium sp015354505
s__Azospira_A sp023150275
s__Paenibacillus_Z rhizovicinus
s__JALOTL01 sp025457915
s__Mycobacterium sp001667115
s__Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans
s__UBA3789 sp902768065
s__Brasilonema sp012031965
s__Mobilitalea sp023441965
s__Sphingomicrobium nitratireducens
s__UBA737 sp024404195
s__CAZU01 sp934248075
s__WS-11 sp005893365
s__Hydrogenimonas sp027065515
s__Nostoc sp014698795
s__UBA876 sp011049425
s__Geddesella sp934486965
s__SIG554 sp015066565
s__MED-G14 sp002693085
s__BRXR01 sp026012015
s__JAIRRO01 sp031266955
s__Roseococcus sp028291485
s__Brojett037 sp030834985
s__WJJZ01 sp014729395
s__Phyllobacterium sp900473335
s__CALKVK01 sp937996235
s__JAGIBJ01 sp017744415
s__JACPST01 sp023248265
s__JAPZRU01 sp027531255
s__Microbacterium luteolum
s__AG-409-D09 sp003215935
s__Lacticaseibacillus sp934339215
s__JACQNR01 sp016202975
s__JABWCD01 sp013359265
s__Pelethomonas sp902373635
s__JAAYCI01 sp030266915
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp001770575
s__CAG-302 sp947168625
s__JANLFP01 sp024655905
s__JAGOPY01 sp017991835
s__Paraburkholderia sp004339745
s__Sphingopyxis sp026125835
s__NK4A144 sp024690825
s__Simiduia aestuariiviva
s__JACRNE01 sp019347895
s__Moryella sp902766415
s__GCA-002787175 sp030699905
s__Prevotella sp946406585
s__SIG42 sp017431165
s__JAJQAO01 sp021203775
s__JALQTV01 sp023268675
s__Ruthia sp030599095
s__VXOI01 sp958296445
s__Thermosinus carboxydivorans
s__Nanosynbacter sp022819365
s__Aurantimonas marianensis
s__Telmatospirillum sp015654615
s__UBA5518 sp018057015
s__RGIG4079 sp017462345
s__Azonexus sp028689015
s__VGKH01 sp016867135
s__JAEUNX01 sp016791005
s__Waddlia sp011065005
s__JAFGDJ01 sp016932135
s__CAJXPB01 sp028274765
s__Gordonia sediminis
s__Paracraurococcus frigidaeris
s__Amycolatopsis sp021653975
s__CTSoil-043 sp017881985
s__Bacteroides sp031261805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017451395
s__1-14-0-10-43-13 sp002773985
s__Bartonella sp028618595
s__Streptomyces misionensis_A
s__Rhodobaculum claviforme
s__JADJRI01 sp016712275
s__JABJAG01 sp018666195
s__RUG099 sp017434025
s__MED727 sp902582155
s__Atopobium fossor
s__Pararhizobium herbae_A
s__JADJSS01 sp963169645
s__JACQDG01 sp016201185
s__Limivicinus sp902774015
s__JALWYX01 sp027078415
s__JAUYKA01 sp030698495
s__Streptomyces cyanogenus
s__JACKAP01 sp028284905
s__RUG727 sp016292035
s__BA4 sp026936045
s__Nitrosophilus_A labii
s__Aliiroseovarius lamellibrachiae
s__RUG14156 sp947587615
s__SW10 sp937969125
s__PSRF01 sp030854715
s__QNZU01 sp027023405
s__DDPF01 sp013289415
s__UBA953 sp903910245
s__2-01-FULL-41-21 sp018062285
s__VGJV01 sp016867315
s__Blochmannia ocreatus
s__Amycolatopsis xylanica
s__JAJZCK01 sp027335685
s__F23-D06 sp017615595
s__FEN-1099 sp003170555
s__Ruminococcus_E sp029225165
s__UBA2266 sp011057845
s__Peptoniphilus_A sp902489255
s__JAGKQJ01 sp017898095
s__Limivicinus sp934590505
s__FEN-1329 sp003154375
s__DUSN01 sp012842605
s__JAJSAJ01 sp024274855
s__Fen-1258 sp016234355
s__JAHFDB01 sp023249195
s__UM-FILTER-38-24 sp943356465
s__Thermodesulfatator indicus
s__Kribbella sp004361855
s__Lactococcus_A hodotermopsidis
s__UBA5456 sp030154085
s__Desulfatitalea sp000961655
s__Acinetobacter sp947627655
s__Geothermincola primus
s__CAG-267 sp949297145
s__GCA-002700125 sp002700125
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947644625
s__Hominicoprocola sp947165595
s__JAFGVL01 sp031271465
s__Hydrogenovibrio kuenenii
s__JACQDQ01 sp016201015
s__Rhodoluna sp009703445
s__ZC4RG30 sp030852845
s__Patulibacter sp023268575
s__Teredinibacter sp007827375
s__Lentihominibacter sp949290475
s__JAADEM01 sp029933425
s__Flexilinea sp902795255
s__UBA5078 sp913060695
s__Prevotella sp905233555
s__UBA5619 sp026388365
s__AP-15 sp021790295
s__Cystobacter fuscus_A
s__Campylobacter_A showae_B
s__JACIYH01 sp030019365
s__Roseofilum sp030068505
s__Croceibacterium sp003569745
s__Wocania ichthyoenteri
s__SBBF01 sp005240075
s__Pararhizobium sp900472785
s__Reyranella massiliensis
s__KLAP129 sp963169655
s__RGIG8482 sp022791395
s__Alangreenwoodia sp944388495
s__C7867-001 sp028286505
s__AG-337-I02 sp902628645
s__Brevundimonas basaltis
s__RUG11977 sp905236925
s__Sneathiella sp002428885
s__Pelagibacter sp014654455
s__Sporomusa malonica
s__Telluria brevitalea
s__UMGS2068 sp934101865
s__Trebonia sp009784565
s__Choladousia sp021205225
s__Streptomyces sp001509485
s__Desulfocapsa sulfexigens_A
s__Mesotoga sp016933635
s__JAITJD01 sp031279085
s__HGM11367 sp017467895
s__39-52-133 sp023259065
s__Reyranella sp017308235
s__Agriterribacter sp019638615
s__Sulfurovum sp011330645
s__Neorickettsia sennetsu
s__Paracrocinitomix sp014762645
s__JAIRLY01 sp031255425
s__Olegusella sp947253395
s__SM23-42 sp020343455
s__Acinetobacter piscicola
s__Guyparkeria sp016938615
s__Winogradskyella sp020435515
s__SXHM01 sp005773695
s__CAJQNK01 sp905479655
s__OLB17 sp937859595
s__Psychrobacter sp000586435
s__Aureliella sp024743355
s__GCA-2746235 sp002746235
s__CAMYJZ01 sp947258615
s__Coprococcus sp947632705
s__JAGLNE01 sp030600505
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902766255
s__Ramlibacter albus
s__Butyrivibrio sp024694565
s__Fusibacter_C sp927417275
s__JACRNA01 sp016219445
s__UBA11029 sp002411145
s__UBA6182 sp018335655
s__JAQTRE01 sp028711995
s__SFFI01 sp028724525
s__UMGS1663 sp947631495
s__JAJTCH01 sp021323225
s__Hyphomicrobium_B facile
s__UBA8363 sp015232645
s__HGM12998 sp947649225
s__Peribacillus sp002863565
s__Desulfonema_C magnum
s__JAUNSR01 sp947074165
s__WYBB01 sp011526585
s__Phenylobacterium deserti_B
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902560025
s__JAUMYJ01 sp030528715
s__GCA-002713455 sp002713455
s__JABABV01 sp014238055
s__F1-80-MAGs062 sp022843805
s__UBA6857 sp017454485
s__Brevinema sp947040475
s__Hornefia sp946614405
s__Desulfovibrio sp031270875
s__JS7-9 sp004329715
s__SHYQ01 sp947470025
s__Sinomonas sp030908245
s__Pararheinheimera sp018815765
s__JAKBAR01 sp019745755
s__GBBU sp002074035
s__DYIZ01 sp020723385
s__Caulobacter sp000281955
s__Hymenobacter lapidiphilus
s__JAJECS01 sp026706485
s__UBA5189 sp016200665
s__Cybelea sp030043675
s__CAG-269 sp022792135
s__SSF14 sp937868025
s__JAKSDJ01 sp022360155
s__DRLZ01 sp022600935
s__UBA10281 sp934254825
s__HIMB59 sp902592365
s__Streptacidiphilus fuscans
s__Hyphomonas sp016712445
s__SLSQ01 sp913057165
s__Collinsella sp902470095
s__Merdousia sp949287395
s__Halomonas sp025725685
s__Polaromonas sp947466165
s__CAIKZJ01 sp026390735
s__Elarobacter sp030150085
s__GWA2-44-7 sp000999595
s__JASLZV01 sp030754715
s__Rubrobacter_B sp020253895
s__Magnetococcus marinus
s__RGIG8773 sp017415165
s__JACWAD01 sp014874265
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp016707885
s__JAICLA01 sp025462835
s__Kaistia sp017307955
s__Qipengyuania sp001678665
s__Thalassotalea_C sediminis
s__GCA-002719695 sp002716725
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_O
s__PHBP01 sp023421135
s__Dysgonomonas sp900343125
s__Nocardiopsis metallicus
s__Prevotella sp937880835
s__JALUUH01 sp027021445
s__JACRBU01 sp016213085
s__Ferrimonas sp947489035
s__Wolbachia sp012277295
s__GRL18 sp025655455
s__Mycobacterium sp000382405
s__Gallionella sp021783995
s__JAHFJG01 sp023246005
s__Hydromonas duriensis
s__UBA3305 sp017431345
s__VGFA01 sp016869025
s__Sediminibacterium sp025997995
s__Nanogingivalis sp938030735
s__GCA-016699305 sp016699305
s__GCA-2724675 sp002724675
s__SHAN690 sp938091155
s__GCA-2733885 sp012963655
s__Erythrobacter sp014983025
s__Halodesulfovibrio sp015482765
s__UBA7050 sp023663615
s__UBA11705 sp002773615
s__MYbin3 sp004321915
s__Acidocella sp021808545
s__W-Firmicutes-14 sp002840275
s__SZUA-448 sp003249225
s__CAG-170 sp934668605
s__CAJPSE01 sp938040765
s__Paenibacillus sp018310695
s__Xylanimonas puerhi
s__UBA10002 sp943349725
s__Streptomyces sp016741785
s__Neoehrlichia lotoris
s__Winogradskyella tangerina
s__Polymorphospora rubra
s__Micromonospora sp012726175
s__Faecousia sp017632035
s__JANQHD01 sp028282805
s__JAICYJ01 sp025934255
s__Roseovarius sp002166865
s__JAGLTQ01 sp947258695
s__M55B167 sp027858965
s__UBA952 sp947458985
s__Desmospora activa
s__Marinicella sp026410405
s__DUAG01 sp029261165
s__Caccovivens sp948949055
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902536725
s__JAAYCX01 sp031254095
s__Bin94 sp022826565
s__Dokdonella_A sp004143945
s__ASP10-02a sp029938085
s__JAFDIG01 sp019308145
s__Thermus sp001311585
s__UBA2834 sp947303945
s__Lacticigenium naphthae
s__Sulfitobacter sp003352065
s__JADKYY01 sp002319955
s__UBA3402 sp947630085
s__CAMYJZ01 sp947258845
s__RUG14515 sp902777015
s__JAIEMB01 sp019752515
s__JALVTX01 sp027035825
s__UBA2862 sp017432405
s__DYPW01 sp020719645
s__Streptococcus loxodontisalivarius
s__Butyrivibrio sp947168935
s__Fen-1262 sp003161755
s__Lonepinella sp023101505
s__CANQRF01 sp947626195
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938044095
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881595
s__Dysosmobacter sp017445875
s__PWND01 sp003557965
s__Crocinitomix sp020849935
s__WGBX01 sp027032855
s__RUG11788 sp947624275
s__FEN-1191 sp030040715
s__RGIG3528 sp024403375
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp013289685
s__RI-211 sp021732675
s__UBA2804 sp017480795
s__VFKA01 sp009885795
s__Raoultibacter massiliensis
s__UBA11490 sp918292005
s__Marinifilum fragile
s__JAAZJU01 sp012800195
s__AAA536-G10 sp003279355
s__Ga0077553 sp016789905
s__Geothrix sp030824075
s__Nocardiopsis sp900143625
s__UBA4923 sp012800135
s__UBA6448 sp947624085
s__Flavobacterium sp025352015
s__Spongiihabitans thiooxidans
s__Streptomyces sp010548275
s__Gramella sediminis
s__Neorickettsia helminthoeca
s__Enterococcus_B lacertideformus
s__QZKS01 sp020723305
s__Pelagibacter sp902620465
s__JACPHB01 sp016186325
s__Terrihabitans soli
s__Aeromicrobium flavum
s__Cohnella herbarum
s__Geomonas anaerohicana
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp949285255
s__UBA6857 sp017474045
s__VXMT01 sp009840945
s__Desulforhabdus sp022836495
s__Aquimarina longa
s__BPUI01 sp019973575
s__Enterenecus sp902461475
s__CAKTEQ01 sp934552825
s__Corynebacterium amycolatum_A
s__Parabacteroides sp937894065
s__Stercorousia sp934693235
s__Caccenecus sp947581835
s__SHVZ01 sp016869375
s__Rhodococcus triatomae_A
s__JAFMKE01 sp020635975
s__JACPQI01 sp016190545
s__VHCN01 sp016871675
s__SBAX01 sp005240095
s__Syner-03 sp028702015
s__Paraburkholderia podalyriae
s__JADFVY01 sp030671915
s__Roseinatronobacter sp003565055
s__JAUYMM01 sp030699485
s__WJLY01 sp030610515
s__Zag111 sp023665935
s__Hominibacterium sp019420305
s__UBA1067 sp947305775
s__JAGQLF01 sp020429495
s__CHPMRC01 sp947461165
s__Bin5 sp951812725
s__Ewingella americana_A
s__Kineosporia babensis
s__Synechococcus_C sp011525445
s__Limimorpha sp937884015
s__RCC307 sp913048995
s__Collinsella sp902493915
s__Saccharofermentans sp017510605
s__Quinella sp017470715
s__JANXXE01 sp025350815
s__Bog-366 sp003171295
s__Cryobacterium ruanii
s__JAACJU01 sp021378565
s__UBA4372 sp017464345
s__65-79 sp004299545
s__JAOZPY01 sp029932495
s__Alistipes sp017559685
s__PALSA-1176 sp003151975
s__RGIG8773 sp017847885
s__JAIRLM01 sp031278455
s__BPGX01 sp026418315
s__Acetatifactor sp947627535
s__E44-bin26 sp030619615
s__Micromonospora foliorum
s__Periweissella cryptocerci
s__Desulfomicrobium sp002841885
s__Pelagibacter sp902566365
s__Puia sp021323755
s__LNEJ01 sp021731145
s__RGIG2220 sp017629595
s__Faecousia sp017505505
s__Halanaerobium saccharolyticum
s__Halioglobus sp020443345
s__Salaquimonas pukyongi
s__Sphingobium algorifonticola
s__NORP259 sp030426785
s__JANJWP01 sp030836665
s__Lentibacter sp937123735
s__BMS3Bbin07 sp013152485
s__Aridibacter sp024640445
s__Velocimicrobium sp949841225
s__Rhizobium sp018987265
s__WRMQ01 sp031290595
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_J
s__GLR113 sp030667645
s__UBA1259 sp945917475
s__FEN-1219 sp946887385
s__JAADIA01 sp013151555
s__MW101C3 sp024346375
s__Porphyromonas sp902490315
s__Oceaniferula sp937969495
s__GCA-2705445 sp902624655
s__Sediminibacillus senegalensis
s__Neisseria sp030538415
s__UBA1189 sp017555875
s__CAG-590 sp017469275
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009777415
s__RGXB01 sp010031885
s__Lachnoclostridium_A sp944377325
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp029625905
s__JABSSF01 sp013214485
s__Flavobacterium sp014145635
s__JAQURJ01 sp028715705
s__Cupidesulfovibrio sp031287575
s__Kordiimonas sp021774695
s__UBA2463 sp023261135
s__Streptomyces deccanensis
s__Fibrobacter sp024399015
s__Sphingomonas elodea
s__JAHFUS01 sp023264975
s__Nostoc favosum
s__Prevotella sp018065145
s__Aquabacterium sp000768065
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281585
s__Trichodesmium sp010672085
s__Synechococcus_C sp913052185
s__JAIRTF01 sp031276585
s__S20-B6 sp029577135
s__Mycoplasma_J mobile
s__2-02-FULL-43-16 sp023245155
s__Collinsella sp902494545
s__Zobellia alginiliquefaciens
s__Aestuariivirga sp945957365
s__CAISIP01 sp026785765
s__TOLSYN sp003010405
s__JAAZMR01 sp012798695
s__OLB17 sp020853255
s__JAGVJP01 sp020051075
s__Paucibacter_A sp027484885
s__Caccosoma sp947599835
s__Hyphomonas sp937881755
s__Gallionella sp021781695
s__Arenibacter nanhaiticus
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902797165
s__JAABTL01 sp011390455
s__UBA940 sp017464745
s__Belnapia sp902805545
s__Saccharopolyspora soli
s__JAISHZ01 sp031275405
s__Alistipes sp017631035
s__UBA1046 sp012519085
s__Acinetobacter sp943914805
s__CAIKNB01 sp016222815
s__Acutalibacter sp944380625
s__Coprovivens sp947303405
s__Marseille-P3160 sp900162725
s__Alteraurantiacibacter suaedae
s__UBA636 sp017432545
s__JAHEZC01 sp023251275
s__Palsa-1315 sp025360665
s__RAAP-2 sp003133665
s__UBA10015 sp001805565
s__SIG220 sp015059105
s__Aureibaculum sp027066745
s__Sphingobacterium sp002322865
s__Gallionella sp029850585
s__Psychrilyobacter sp024628785
s__JAGOIJ01 sp017995695
s__PFJX01 sp024235835
s__PSRH01 sp003175915
s__Ferruginibacter sp013141435
s__Faecousia sp017521875
s__Streptomyces sp031181555
s__JAJDCD01 sp029261035
s__Serinicoccus sediminis
s__Sideroxyarcus sp028687425
s__DFXE01 sp031255855
s__UBA1847 sp947258485
s__Nanogingivalis sp938036745
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007694945
s__Deinococcus deserti
s__M3007 sp016708875
s__Roseburia_B sp017624495
s__SURF-43 sp004297315
s__UBA2463 sp937864175
s__Prevotella sp024398515
s__Albidovulum sp002440625
s__JAFUXM01 sp905235735
s__Ferruginivarius sediminum
s__CALMEF01 sp937862825
s__JABMPR01 sp030595455
s__UBA12532 sp003445475
s__CAMBWO01 sp025362795
s__Pararhizobium sp025846855
s__PHBP01 sp022711455
s__RUG806 sp902782845
s__CAIYQJ01 sp029778235
s__Litoreibacter sp947494435
s__Guyparkeria hydrothermalis_A
s__WMHbin3 sp015231915
s__Rubellimicrobium roseum
s__Fibrobacter sp017649565
s__Sporomusa termitida
s__JAUXFK01 sp030623035
s__OLB22 sp001567515
s__SIBU01 sp016188455
s__Cohnella sp020731285
s__Novosphingobium sp015657645
s__RUG13038 sp902785135
s__Bulleidia sp017475415
s__JAAYOB01 sp029556475
s__UBA3076 sp018399745
s__Chitinophaga jiangningensis
s__RGIG8773 sp947089135
s__JAAZDF01 sp012512905
s__Fen-1231 sp017881585
s__Pelagibacter sp902609915
s__RGIG2000 sp017461385
s__UBA4615 sp945883285
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030037575
s__JACRIN01 sp023150475
s__CALBZH01 sp937889795
s__Scatovivens sp947594985
s__Robiginitalea marina
s__Luteolibacter ambystomatis
s__GCA-2716345 sp902597195
s__Helcococcus sp023418535
s__Zeimonas sp012513825
s__Leisingera sp001730095
s__CALINF01 sp938045215
s__JAKAFS01 sp013824905
s__Sphaerisporangium sp025964675
s__G020353355 sp020348305
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031268145
s__Saccharicenans sp029571905
s__JAFGFW01 sp015222985
s__UBA6170 sp002702705
s__Chryseobacterium profundimaris
s__Belliella pelovolcani
s__JALUUK01 sp027021395
s__Gp1-AA145 sp019247235
s__Donghicola sp030433335
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021785115
s__WRKH01 sp009778175
s__VGKU01 sp016219925
s__RGIG2581 sp017431185
s__Fuerstiella sp029245955
s__JACRKQ01 sp016219705
s__CAG-273 sp947631745
s__Parasynechococcus sp000153805
s__UMGS1865 sp017631775
s__Rhizomicrobium sp016201105
s__UBA4665 sp028289265
s__UBA6249 sp028712045
s__BM520 sp002748065
s__LD21 sp031285575
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp027317845
s__LD21 sp022709665
s__JAADFS01 sp026982355
s__Pelagibacter sp902609705
s__Tamlana_B nanhaiensis
s__JAHQVL01 sp019634345
s__JAILNW01 sp024691145
s__JACCXJ01 sp030860485
s__JANLIQ01 sp030650195
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp913056125
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944377745
s__AG-430-B22 sp902609025
s__PALSA-647 sp003132585
s__CAIRYW01 sp903882905
s__Pelagibacterium montanilacus
s__Dongia_A sp013822765
s__Mesorhizobium sp000427725
s__CAG-313 sp023667245
s__Casp-actino8 sp030833305
s__CALKGK01 sp938085105
s__UBA3824 sp017651345
s__Electronema sp011391865
s__Faeciplasma sp947627985
s__Alloprevotella sp937906765
s__SM23-73-3 sp001304155
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023242315
s__Psychrobacter sp904846705
s__Streptococcus sp905221125
s__CATQHQ01 sp958296005
s__Scatosoma sp017507585
s__Endomicrobium_A sp020328135
s__Aeromicrobium sp030856025
s__Alcanivorax sp009882945
s__Citrobacter_A sp019415335
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027485235
s__UBA10677 sp934277845
s__GCA-002707245 sp002698365
s__JACCTF01 sp013812565
s__VFKU01 sp009885415
s__RUG12867 sp028693035
s__WQTU01 sp009783755
s__DUZI01 sp937949555
s__Lutibacter sp021647475
s__JAISKX01 sp031260765
s__Reyranella sp003153415
s__Streptomyces sp024213195
s__QYPT01 sp016195215
s__Thiobacillus sp002256785
s__Chlorobium sp903839405
s__JAAZJX01 sp012800155
s__Acidoferrum sp013289835
s__JAMDDV01 sp023488455
s__Streptomyces sp900091955
s__Paenibacillus taichungensis_A
s__JAJCYE01 sp030447305
s__Propionicimonas sp020161015
s__UBA974 sp028823435
s__UBA5455 sp012518415
s__JAHFTM01 sp023269335
s__Quinella sp937901445
s__SHVO01 sp903888485
s__Alpha-05 sp003250275
s__Neobacillus sp018613415
s__Sphaerobacter sp019683595
s__Ventrenecus sp947628275
s__JAFLCA01 sp017302875
s__Sediminibacterium sp004293505
s__RGIG3091 sp944372315
s__CAMCQG01 sp025363115
s__Lentzea sp026242055
s__Streptomyces camponoticapitis
s__Ornithinicoccus ciconiae
s__Pelagibacter sp902628195
s__Pseudidiomarina sp024752025
s__SHVT01 sp947445225
s__RUG334 sp946407375
s__UBA1443 sp022705945
s__SXYR01 sp947442625
s__Bact-11 sp018065895
s__Colwellia_A sp013215385
s__SXYR01 sp004294195
s__RGIG8124 sp947165815
s__Paraburkholderia antibiotica
s__UBA10092 sp016213445
s__JAQVGR01 sp028696635
s__Lysinibacillus_B sp002359075
s__HGM12713 sp017631085
s__JAQVSJ01 sp028700595
s__Maribacter_B sp947493885
s__Mongoliibacter ruber
s__Nitrobacter sp017305665
s__VEMY01 sp009711825
s__Pararheinheimera sp946481195
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A alligatoris
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003132445
s__JAIRTA01 sp031265355
s__55-13 sp946478935
s__Sediminibacterium sp016786865
s__Niastella sp937958995
s__CAG-170 sp934631005
s__Rhodoglobus sp030063305
s__Winogradskyella sp030149175
s__JAACFB01 sp030429005
s__JN-9 sp004103695
s__Dyadobacter jejuensis
s__Zoogloea sp023150095
s__Ancaeobacter aquaticus
s__Streptococcus mitis_K
s__Algoriphagus sp014838715
s__JACOXN01 sp016176295
s__T1Sed10-126 sp003554945
s__CABYJX01 sp902519405
s__UBA3830 sp017416635
s__Hansschlegelia plantiphila
s__JAHFSX01 sp025360845
s__Fimbriimonas sp903927345
s__JAPORY01 sp026710055
s__Dichloromethanomonas elyunquensis
s__Zapsychrus exili
s__SW132 sp003555185
s__Desulfosporosinus sp000224515
s__JAJFHO01 sp021775575
s__JAEWYE01 sp023458755
s__G020354645 sp947259865
s__JANWLI01 sp025450975
s__Limnohabitans sp937927685
s__Microbacterium sp004794465
s__Sphingomonas sp002863155
s__Anaerovibrio sp934203205
s__WVWN01 sp011773985
s__CAG-873 sp947628285
s__CAG-196 sp944325825
s__QKMZ01 sp019745505
s__UBA7441 sp937899295
s__JACMLC01 sp014379795
s__Helicobacter_C sp026241255
s__Pacificispira sp029212835
s__UBA4479 sp017644185
s__UBA3789 sp017433415
s__Ramlibacter sp016213325
s__Palsa-870 sp030854855
s__JAEYZO01 sp023428035
s__JAUWRC01 sp030610745
s__Loktanella sp001420005
s__LD21 sp003141715
s__Ruania halotolerans
s__SIG672 sp017466445
s__JADDHL01 sp016784945
s__Pelagibacter sp902533955
s__Actinoplanes sp000389965
s__UBA5066 sp016716705
s__28-YEA-48 sp029222685
s__Shewanella sp014164505
s__Alkalicoccus urumqiensis
s__Chryseobacterium soldanellicola
s__Novosphingobium silvae
s__Persephonella sp013153235
s__Sphingobium_A colocasiae
s__Jeotgalibaca sp028863945
s__Rhizomicrobium palustre
s__RUG334 sp017417215
s__CF-82 sp005880165
s__METF01 sp001771235
s__Szabonella alba
s__MB11C04 sp028042835
s__SOJT01 sp030602545
s__TMED220 sp905381055
s__Sphingomonas sp014194975
s__CAITWD01 sp017882545
s__Bosea sp001562255
s__Hathewaya massiliensis
s__Gallionella sp028710525
s__UBA1268 sp913052575
s__Granulicella sp009765785
s__UBA2359 sp016700115
s__RUG369 sp946408825
s__CAJXJZ01 sp027033555
s__Lepagella sp934663645
s__Xenorhabdus anantnagensis
s__WRDF01 sp020859875
s__Anaerobacillus sp025377685
s__Terriglobus roseus
s__JALGXY01 sp029824495
s__UBA8914 sp028691835
s__CAG-303 sp944381595
s__Pelagibacter sp902616165
s__Tannerella sp031285565
s__CAIKHN01 sp943354605
s__Nanosyncoccus sp938033695
s__Prevotella sp030523165
s__Limnohabitans_A sp919902775
s__Clostridium_R sp017634415
s__Pelagibacter sp902592675
s__UBA8752 sp949373165
s__Planktophila sp026392935
s__JAFUXM01 sp017444345
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023433965
s__Onthocola_B sp947632275
s__Fen-668 sp938046585
s__RF16 sp946616535
s__Lentimicrobium sp019429275
s__Bog-1198 sp021323735
s__Microbacterium sp029959905
s__UBA10348 sp027622005
s__UBA10518 sp023544645
s__SHYH01 sp009692865
s__CAIXSE01 sp903927755
s__Cognaticolwellia beringensis
s__JAIORV01 sp021107945
s__Sulfomarinibacter sp029938595
s__Nocardioides sp030150155
s__JAGRAN01 sp020434585
s__RUG12372 sp017939945
s__UBA6921 sp016200445
s__Malacoplasma_A sp949282725
s__Treponema_D sp024690865
s__Capsulimonas sp025963815
s__Limimorpha sp902783365
s__SIG565 sp018065375
s__CABQAQ01 sp902462155
s__Aureimonas_A sp019973775
s__Nocardia australiensis
s__Dysosmobacter sp030524605
s__LVZB01 sp023101485
s__JAUICS01 sp030427765
s__Limnothrix sp001693255
s__JADFUQ01 sp030618105
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp019352035
s__UBA2241 sp002347645
s__Berkiella aquae
s__Pelagibacter sp902515965
s__Sulfurovum sp013139765
s__Roseovarius marisflavi
s__Coprovivens sp947305065
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp945910715
s__Flavobacterium pallidum
s__JAJBUQ01 sp020860245
s__Pseudolysinimonas yzui
s__JAMDAS01 sp023485205
s__Bremerella sp016124445
s__JAEYQM01 sp023410025
s__CAIVPM01 sp018335935
s__RGIG7378 sp017501105
s__JAADJA01 sp020444515
s__JASJAY01 sp030066775
s__Pedobacter hartonius
s__WTHY01 sp011522945
s__Pradoshia eiseniae
s__Treponema_D sp902783245
s__Erwinia sp030758455
s__DT-34 sp013215095
s__SXON01 sp945867435
s__Mycobacterium sp025963195
s__Microbacterium sp023451265
s__JAAELR01 sp024226455
s__Vibrio variabilis
s__Exiguobacterium sp020832205
s__WQXQ01 sp009784995
s__Moraxella sp030525845
s__DUMU01 sp014896315
s__GWA1-54-10 sp001004665
s__CAIPBY01 sp903863425
s__RUG420 sp017461005
s__Pseudomonas_E caspiana
s__RFOM01 sp009918675
s__JAJCZG01 sp029262475
s__UBA1067 sp017412325
s__Lacrimispora sp905215155
s__Acidimicrobium ferrooxidans
s__Chryseobacterium panacisoli
s__CAJXPB01 sp913057905
s__JABEVJ01 sp013043985
s__UBA11358 sp026225155
s__Moorella sp002383405
s__CAG-177 sp947166625
s__Hyphococcus flavus_A
s__Saccharicrinis sediminum
s__BNZQ01 sp026001225
s__Labilithrix sp025351875
s__Halalkalibacter alkalisediminis
s__BS150m-G59 sp016784265
s__Azovibrio sp031276915
s__JABMPX01 sp013203625
s__FEB-7 sp016709665
s__Ch71 sp013178015
s__Deinococcus psychrotolerans
s__JACVQI01 sp015661095
s__JADFGH01 sp022567775
s__UBA4345 sp937872735
s__UBA2093 sp009694565
s__Igneacidithiobacillus sp028697715
s__Edaphovirga cremea
s__UBA4466 sp002734065
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003211135
s__Spirillospora rubrisoli
s__Sphingomonas sp913777475
s__Lentilitoribacter sp020628775
s__Ventricola sp944333055
s__Brachybacterium ginsengisoli
s__Alistipes sp017547175
s__UBA1067 sp902780865
s__Marinobacter sp016597725
s__Bradyrhizobium guangdongense_A
s__HGM16780 sp944391345
s__JANXSF01 sp025352795
s__66-474 sp022730295
s__Thiobacillus sp021802595
s__Mycobacterium sp001667185
s__Bacteroides_D sp002748015
s__Palsa-465 sp030948665
s__Ruminococcus sp017461395
s__MUGG01 sp014697025
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510925
s__Anaerobacillus alkaliphilus
s__WJME01 sp014728115
s__VFKP01 sp021782065
s__Mesorhizobium sp020165195
s__Inordinaticella sp937919135
s__Tuwongella immobilis
s__Streptomyces sp000719345
s__JADLHS01 sp029573725
s__Porcincola sp902801515
s__JAPLCX01 sp026392035
s__VFJL01 sp919902515
s__TMED6 sp913047475
s__JABFVX01 sp013362555
s__Chryseobacterium mulctrae
s__UBA2868 sp947165025
s__CAKZLS01 sp030622775
s__Pelagibacter sp902548405
s__Sphingomonas sp913062585
s__Naka2016 sp026417135
s__UBA1179 sp017551845
s__Scandinavium sp900215375
s__JAGWAZ01 sp946481475
s__RF16 sp017938155
s__Firm-08 sp001604045
s__Flavobacterium sp947626185
s__WQUN01 sp009782085
s__JAPLLR01 sp026387455
s__Janibacter sp030453295
s__Calidifonticultor daggyaiensis
s__UBA8438 sp937888665
s__Mobilitalea sp023423335
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_J
s__B10-G9 sp030666985
s__Xanthomarina sp026410195
s__JAHDWY01 sp023384315
s__RUG11872 sp023426935
s__PALSA-1336 sp903913365
s__Neorhizobium sp026672545
s__Kaistia soli
s__FW021-bin43 sp004299665
s__Methylicorpusculum sp018333785
s__Brumimicrobium sp947504225
s__JAQGJU01 sp028290465
s__Novosphingobium sp019748365
s__Lentibacillus jeotgali
s__CAMBEX01 sp945865865
s__Methylococcus sp028688525
s__Tunicatimonas sp937883755
s__Streptantibioticus rubrisoli
s__JAKLFG01 sp022709425
s__Cryobacterium melibiosiphilum
s__Pelagibacter sp902582845
s__Lamprobacter salexigens
s__Rhizobium loessense
s__Sulfurovum sp030949725
s__WTFY01 sp026706595
s__PYGY01 sp003555385
s__HGW-17 sp018817795
s__Microbacterium sp021582875
s__Shewanella sp016757755
s__Polaromonas sp030650875
s__GWB1-39-10 sp000993205
s__Eubacterium_R sp945982035
s__JACKFR01 sp020632375
s__Halanaerobacter jeridensis
s__Thiothrix anitrata
s__UBA6857 sp017544665
s__CADEED01 sp902826225
s__DTU059 sp023410885
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_L
s__Colwellia aromaticivorans
s__Prevotella sp029218445
s__2-12-FULL-37-14 sp026399205
s__JAHDQI01 sp018433925
s__UBA737 sp016303035
s__Pseudolabrys sp026125925
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024402005
s__Luteolibacter sp005787565
s__JAUVYQ01 sp030630315
s__Flammeovirga sp000812565
s__Scatovivens sp948467875
s__Treponema_D sp017617115
s__Lacipirellula sp025935855
s__KM106-2 sp023413555
s__Stutzerimonas azotifigens
s__CR02bin9 sp021604765
s__Mucilaginibacter_A sp937859865
s__HGM12814 sp934454005
s__Collinsella sp900541675
s__Fen-999 sp019136545
s__CAG-791 sp902781655
s__CAJOIG01 sp020866945
s__JAMCZC01 sp023485865
s__Tardiphaga sp026015985
s__JAAXHE01 sp012271065
s__Pelagibacter sp902618975
s__Palsa-948 sp023251625
s__CALMYO01 sp937873685
s__Campylobacter_D volucris_A
s__Novosphingobium piscinae
s__Fluviicola chungangensis
s__JAPNUJ01 sp026627155
s__QIAJ01 sp003225495
s__RUG563 sp017509065
s__CAG-882 sp945915235
s__CAG-196 sp944323985
s__Cognataquiflexum aquatile
s__Onthousia sp944358355
s__VGZY01 sp016872355
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030856365
s__Propioniciclava flava
s__1-14-0-10-36-11 sp002778535
s__CAIYRB01 sp900299215
s__GCA-2705055 sp002705055
s__Marinobacterium_D sp030602245
s__Quinella sp905236665
s__Mobilitalea sp029238935
s__CAJQPP01 sp947258905
s__JAAYLR01 sp016699405
s__Paenibacillus_G tyrfis_A
s__Roseovarius sp900313005
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_X
s__Leptospirillum sp021844645
s__Marinomonas agarivorans
s__Limivicinus sp017398685
s__Parabacteroides sp017937385
s__WRNU01 sp031276015
s__Caccovivens sp947366645
s__CAG-273 sp934121875
s__JABMPU01 sp030612605
s__JAFGMP01 sp016927495
s__CAIYYW01 sp903930515
s__Legionella sp014109825
s__Hydrogenophaga sp025458915
s__SIG565 sp934464615
s__Methyloversatilis sp030698125
s__UBA737 sp015066515
s__JAGOXX01 sp018059485
s__UBA10799 sp018003655
s__GWB1-39-10 sp020060565
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902798975
s__GBS-1 sp001443005
s__NK4A144 sp024680815
s__JAAZMN01 sp012798795
s__CAJOIG01 sp947624395
s__RF16 sp937891905
s__Pelagibacter sp902552705
s__Chersky-299 sp017882525
s__JAUIFD01 sp030429485
s__JAGOTD01 sp018061945
s__Sutcliffiella_A sp009363695
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017941835
s__Pseudomonas_E mandelii_F
s__Palsa-1033 sp025450915
s__JABMRJ01 sp013202745
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016650695
s__JALGZG01 sp030613615
s__Stercorousia sp934675225
s__RUG11198 sp934140355
s__NK4A136 sp002479655
s__JAAXHE01 sp028873695
s__Lepagella sp014801815
s__BPKO01 sp026005175
s__REEB80 sp018971485
s__DYTH01 sp019429105
s__Micromonospora phytophila
s__Burkholderia sp028657905
s__RGIG8748 sp017621495
s__4572-13 sp021372945
s__Hymenobacter frigidus
s__Halioglobus sp030428835
s__JANLGW01 sp024653965
s__UBA6055 sp022821805
s__Gimesia algae
s__RUG11867 sp947646655
s__GWA1-54-10 sp020854065
s__Polaribacter marinus
s__HGM04593 sp017647725
s__Pseudomonas_E sp013385985
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp027318865
s__M55B112 sp029210585
s__Streptococcus oralis_Q
s__JAKQFZ01 sp029558215
s__Rhodococcus sp003051005
s__Porisulfidus sp026706895
s__Clostridium sp934777095
s__Acidocella aromatica
s__UBA737 sp934457415
s__HTCC2207 sp949487135
s__GCA-2704625 sp902579285
s__Microbulbifer sp000708675
s__Megasphaera sp958350005
s__Bin5 sp958295845
s__Streptomyces sp024295805
s__UBA10906 sp903904275
s__SURF-43 sp947446155
s__JAKLKB01 sp963169055
s__Streptomyces sp025195125
s__UBA11386 sp003532715
s__Root112D2 sp001424905
s__CAMFLR01 sp025356435
s__G020350085 sp020350085
s__Oenococcus kitaharae_A
s__JANELJ01 sp027011205
s__WVXT01 sp030671905
s__MGBC162267 sp947627835
s__DAOUYT01 sp030665965
s__Pseudorhodobacter sp029254215
s__REEB506 sp018969015
s__Methylotenera sp903854305
s__Nanosyncoccus sp015257455
s__Cohaesibacter sp025800105
s__WQXZ01 sp009776725
s__JAPHRO01 sp026195895
s__GWA1-39-11 sp016204525
s__MED-G14 sp002703065
s__JAFGUQ01 sp030590175
s__Palsa-465 sp003244035
s__Maridesulfovibrio ferrireducens
s__JAMLGJ01 sp027493675
s__SIAN01 sp016795285
s__JADCGN01 sp947464215
s__JAJYQH01 sp027346035
s__RF16 sp017444615
s__JACPCJ01 sp016179865
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp017396025
s__Luteibacter aegosomatissinici
s__WRKV01 sp009785425
s__Bifidobacterium sp029392015
s__Rhodanobacter sp002413455
s__JARIDA01 sp029257065
s__79-D21 sp012517195
s__JAGPCH01 sp016710985
s__Lepagella sp019416425
s__Maridesulfovibrio sp006210265
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030466445
s__Rhizobium_E sp019739215
s__DTU053 sp009779455
s__NBLS01 sp002084385
s__Thiohalobacter sp002699185
s__Heliomarina baculiformis
s__Gilvibacter sp013214815
s__Sphingomicrobium sediminicola
s__JADJGA01 sp027031145
s__JAAYBJ01 sp012523015
s__CANQXJ01 sp947631085
s__Hydrogenivirga caldilitoris
s__Limnobacter sp018812945
s__Collinsella sp902470805
s__Faecisoma sp944371325
s__RGIG8002 sp017616855
s__UBA2239 sp020061285
s__JAILCC01 sp024408745
s__SpSt-315 sp020028535
s__HGM13006 sp934546685
s__Algoriphagus aestuariicola
s__Sphaerotilus sp013294065
s__Ectothiorhodospira mobilis
s__JAJYIG01 sp021790215
s__XYB1-FULL-44-23 sp001773775
s__OCS116 sp002400495
s__SIG437 sp015068935
s__Enteromonas sp017454295
s__Galactobacter sp022712295
s__Afipia sp024508675
s__Caccovivens sp944381135
s__WRFZ01 sp025999935
s__Gemmobacter_B sp027486345
s__Pseudomonas citronellolis_A
s__JAGQNP01 sp020428005
s__IMCC26207 sp001025035
s__QEUY01 sp020845455
s__SHYQ01 sp027592975
s__Salinicoccus carnicancri
s__Polaribacter sp024639685
s__Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024402115
s__WQXZ01 sp009781525
s__Phenylobacterium sp963205005
s__TMED80 sp938092125
s__UBA5578 sp902795975
s__JAUMYT01 sp030528525
s__GWA2-66-18 sp028714015
s__UBA729 sp014238985
s__Lentihominibacter sp902495595
s__JAJCYX01 sp029262715
s__RFNS01 sp009927055
s__Rariglobus sp019510185
s__Aquabacterium_A sp947448955
s__Leptolyngbya sp025454375
s__Paraburkholderia sp021390595
s__PFL25 sp030669775
s__PALSA-350 sp025449575
s__JAFGSX01 sp016934455
s__WARW01 sp028700625
s__Arthrobacter sp937873245
s__GCA-2706885 sp002706885
s__JAHWKW01 sp019347675
s__Limimorpha sp902782455
s__Flavobacterium supellecticarium
s__JALGZD01 sp030600655
s__PWKH01 sp003557605
s__CAG-791 sp946629175
s__HY326 sp026157065
s__Pseudomonas_E sp026016325
s__RGIG6291 sp017521465
s__Bacteroides_E sp030151635
s__JACZRJ01 sp022574795
s__JAIRTF01 sp031268215
s__DUOL01 sp022708105
s__Scatosoma sp017463325
s__Prevotella sp017965725
s__Streptococcus sp013276955
s__Arthrobacter_M sp025465475
s__Idiomarina seosinensis
s__UBA4246 sp902766515
s__JAUNUI01 sp030538255
s__CAKKQO01 sp030681595
s__UM-FILTER-42-9 sp002790635
s__UBA2093 sp009691255
s__Acidisoma sp030252425
s__UBA1494 sp030429925
s__Fen-1064 sp016929875
s__CAJXZP01 sp913062955
s__CALNBE01 sp937874455
s__Collinsella sp902495545
s__GCA-2689605 sp013214245
s__Gallimonas sp947628675
s__JACQBK01 sp016194505
s__JADGGM01 sp027307005
s__JAEVZA01 sp023392475
s__RAAP-2 sp025350565
s__DRPN01 sp027067975
s__Devosia sp005222805
s__M0040 sp030005635
s__W693 sp030627335
s__Fimimonas sp022508375
s__Ornithobacterium sp019218445
s__Tellurirhabdus rosea
s__Marinomonas sp026966905
s__JAFGDM01 sp016932115
s__JALZVN01 sp937941095
s__JAKUNG01 sp022452285
s__E4-60 sp018065065
s__Sulfobacillus sp027309085
s__Mangrovibacterium marinum
s__Saccharimonas sp937902525
s__DSWB01 sp020061125
s__JALHOQ01 sp947444305
s__Aquabacterium sp013822685
s__Aureimonas sp001463705
s__JAUNHO01 sp030523905
s__Cypionkella sp024642045
s__WRKN01 sp009778055
s__ML8-F1 sp002029975
s__Vibrio sp028131545
s__QHCA01 sp003244095
s__R2A130 sp951813045
s__Roseomonas pecuniae
s__Solincola_A sp014360685
s__Rhodoluna sp023260375
s__CAG-492 sp934167365
s__Micromonospora sp004348525
s__WQXH01 sp009784945
s__Sphingomonas spermidinifaciens
s__JACRJM01 sp016219965
s__DAHUXT01 sp027307065
s__CAG-269 sp947167965
s__Streptococcus suis_AD
s__SKYB132 sp025057405
s__Stenomitos sp019359375
s__DAOURK01 sp030625085
s__PWJY01 sp007693915
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216915
s__JAIRKW01 sp031259875
s__Draconibacterium sp016705335
s__Marinospirillum sp007116865
s__Aeromicrobium phragmitis
s__UBA969 sp937888715
s__JAIRMT01 sp031281685
s__Treponema_F sp017622235
s__CAKZYZ01 sp937885075
s__Caccovivens sp944377765
s__NK3A76 sp017634275
s__RUG343 sp017441845
s__Canibacter sp003859945
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007116575
s__Palsa-465 sp030947145
s__Undibacterium sp030651495
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp009699615
s__JAIEPM01 sp019748395
s__JAJZYO01 sp027334785
s__JACNJL01 sp937775205
s__Micromonospora inositola
s__UBA1268 sp002862165
s__JAQBVZ01 sp027625205
s__Thiocapsa imhoffii
s__Palsa-465 sp019239445
s__Desulfofundulus thermosubterraneus
s__Rubrivivax sp027485165
s__UBA8639 sp029261275
s__Palsa-343 sp030041435
s__JAIRLU01 sp031288495
s__Vitreimonas sp024707365
s__Elusimicrobium sp031254225
s__Oceanihabitans sp030547245
s__CAG-873 sp947644475
s__Phenylobacterium sp025350885
s__Geothrix sp025363715
s__Rubrivivax sp030693565
s__RUG626 sp947631395
s__JAUWLF01 sp030613785
s__Multivorans sp026707325
s__UBA6182 sp021209625
s__Treponema_D sp902797305
s__UBA4729 sp028286245
s__Lactiplantibacillus sp031085375
s__VXMO01 sp012271225
s__Ferrimonas aestuarii
s__Pseudalgibacter alginicilyticus
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp003250475
s__CAG-103 sp018265835
s__Phocaeicola sp030531335
s__UBA2112 sp020428265
s__CAMAXB01 sp945862035
s__UMGS1766 sp017480395
s__UBA3920 sp938003945
s__Crenothrix polyspora
s__CAG-873 sp022508985
s__MarineAlpha5-Bin3 sp902596065
s__JACPAV01 sp016180645
s__JACCXL01 sp013697015
s__Telluria sp002428015
s__JAKLDO01 sp022703485
s__CALGTL01 sp937901475
s__UBA4372 sp017960985
s__UBA3574 sp015661965
s__B3-G11 sp023336875
s__Tumebacillus flagellatus
s__CALCXL01 sp937907595
s__Chryseobacterium formosus
s__Pseudomonas_E anguilliseptica_A
s__WRMH01 sp009786775
s__BMS3Bbin11 sp030617565
s__Deinococcus rubellus
s__Atribacter sp018056205
s__JAKPPT01 sp029547205
s__Andeanibacterium sp030426245
s__Rhizomicrobium sp028292825
s__SLRI01 sp020638495
s__CAUHLX01 sp959606705
s__Nitrosomonas sp022601315
s__Thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum_A
s__JAZXM01 sp029243605
s__UBA629 sp017994075
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017474265
s__UBA5072 sp016926375
s__MONJU sp024712425
s__JAAKGP01 sp934500835
s__4572-104 sp016342455
s__RUG762 sp017441385
s__Ramlibacter sp026785815
s__Aegiribacteria sp030638185
s__Pollutimonas sp003971065
s__CAG-492 sp017939755
s__UBA9655 sp017992885
s__UBA1312 sp002482815
s__Sphingomicrobium sp023266535
s__Paeniglutamicibacter sp019285735
s__Onthocola_B sp902797105
s__Pelovirga sp937958075
s__JABWBR01 sp016787505
s__Lactobacillus sp946482425
s__JAISFK01 sp031263625
s__Roseburia_C sp022766245
s__RUG626 sp947626385
s__Ventrenecus sp947586205
s__JAIRMO01 sp031278575
s__JAHBXV01 sp019636285
s__VEQN01 sp937873535
s__JANYAK01 sp025361335
s__Gemmobacter_B sp020852535
s__Bact-08 sp002842655
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp947488625
s__UBA1275 sp002720745
s__CAJXJY01 sp028289565
s__Avelusimicrobium sp024405075
s__RZYO01 sp023231265
s__Rubrimentiphilum sp003140855
s__Ideonella sp020161145
s__Thermithiobacillus tepidarius
s__Streptomyces cellulosae_A
s__Paraburkholderia solitsugae
s__Arachnia aquimaris
s__Gracilibacillus orientalis
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis_F
s__JAUNVQ01 sp030540715
s__Deinococcus aetherius
s__Enterousia sp017436325
s__UBA1562 sp020063525
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp013286485
s__Bin75 sp020027205
s__Gallionella sp003235435
s__Bog-105 sp003169195
s__CAG-269 sp946497905
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_C
s__CALAGB01 sp025966355
s__Dongia sp016712715
s__AAA164-E04 sp027619545
s__Enteromonas sp024693415
s__Acetatifactor sp946414885
s__JAFGGE01 sp016926155
s__JACQQX01 sp016206805
s__Prochloron terpiosi
s__Variovorax sp030317115
s__S010-17 sp015488935
s__PNKL01 sp016182795
s__Aestuariivirga sp028868255
s__Winogradskyella sp000171875
s__Pelagibacter sp902629955
s__SW10 sp023299815
s__Streptomyces coffeae
s__Erythrobacter rubeus
s__Ruminococcus sp947177345
s__RGIG3925 sp017558715
s__JAIRKW01 sp031276365
s__UBA2475 sp019638705
s__FEN-413 sp003141555
s__UBA2475 sp013816895
s__OLB17 sp019247455
s__Firm-16 sp017617995
s__JAISWZ01 sp031270945
s__Methylomonas rhizoryzae
s__BMS3ABIN04 sp026983795
s__CAG-115 sp022508925
s__Onthoplasma sp949902685
s__JAEUIV01 sp020054055
s__Ch10 sp013178295
s__Prosthecobacter sp947463285
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp029219585
s__Spirillospora sp004348515
s__RGIG8773 sp945876755
s__Porcincola sp017652545
s__Luteimonas_D sp021191635
s__2-02-FULL-52-10 sp029568545
s__JAHFPR01 sp023269645
s__UBA1740 sp934371135
s__JANQFZ01 sp028277605
s__Rhodoluna sp009702405
s__Ramlibacter pallidus
s__Roseovarius sp030540655
s__HIMB59 sp004321805
s__DAHWUP01 sp027334565
s__FEN-1251 sp003141205
s__GCA-002841655 sp021734825
s__Avisuccinivibrio sp944390105
s__OLB19 sp913050645
s__GCA-014931565 sp028280325
s__Puia sp003151295
s__Telluria agri
s__JAAAOZ01 sp009908585
s__Galloscillospira_B sp017396965
s__JAFUYI01 sp017961285
s__Caccenecus sp017888105
s__JARYMO01 sp029907055
s__JALOAG01 sp024103355
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp018333715
s__Pseudophaeobacter flagellatus
s__Micromonospora sp029626235
s__JAAEUB01 sp030625565
s__JACPKM01 sp016187025
s__CAG-557 sp944380725
s__RUG12438 sp947584105
s__JAMOQF01 sp027064125
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944325115
s__Aeromicrobium sp026392465
s__Flavobacterium sp004362055
s__AWTP1-9 sp003963365
s__JAPLJL01 sp026388615
s__Eubacterium_G sp937958975
s__Bifidobacterium sp029433335
s__Neolewinella sp938021455
s__UMGS872 sp947629815
s__Rhodopirellula sallentina
s__JACJXW01 sp020436535
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902605035
s__CAIQCM01 sp023246535
s__JACPHD01 sp016208065
s__JAAYGG01 sp012727895
s__Sulfuricystis sp937888595
s__Enterenecus sp014799485
s__Streptococcus mitis_AF
s__Marivita sp023370775
s__Paludibaculum sp016215215
s__JAAXUF01 sp013336165
s__Stenotrophomonas sp021202945
s__C7867-001 sp029288835
s__DTU059 sp023424865
s__Sphingomicrobium sp029637485
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947446855
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_I
s__UBA8592 sp002709645
s__2-02-FULL-56-15 sp004297165
s__JACPGX01 sp016181985
s__YA12-FULL-51-18 sp022703115
s__UBA2943 sp946538615
s__Croceitalea sp947494805
s__Arenicella sp016763815
s__Azovibrio sp031256795
s__CAJXSI01 sp913061155
s__WRKP01 sp031254675
s__Sporosarcina ureilytica
s__BNVG01 sp026002715
s__Mariniblastus sp937921995
s__Ochrobactrum_B sp016427605
s__Granulibacter bethesdensis_C
s__Streptomyces pactus
s__Pseudidiomarina aestuarii
s__Tenacibaculum adriaticum
s__IMCC26077 sp005787645
s__Bulleidia sp937902945
s__Tissierella sp030931715
s__JAQGJA01 sp028290805
s__Prevotella sp946999025
s__RAAP-2 sp003162475
s__Arthrobacter nitroguajacolicus_B
s__Faecousia sp029007925
s__QIAJ01 sp025355505
s__Actinomyces timonensis
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A verecunda
s__Proteiniclasticum sediminis
s__VMSU01 sp028718985
s__Onthoplasma sp947628195
s__UBA2813 sp902796825
s__Nocardia spumae
s__C7867-002 sp025355565
s__JAGXOG01 sp023660015
s__CAG-533 sp934086935
s__Novosphingobium sp012641335
s__Palsa-661 sp003131945
s__JAIFNL01 sp022729915
s__Marinospirillum sp007116195
s__BOG-234 sp027450225
s__SXXZ01 sp945893185
s__Flavobacterium sp000282055
s__Campylobacter_B sp938041645
s__AG-422-B15 sp902525595
s__Egerieousia sp017961175
s__DSBG01 sp011046135
s__JAKJHH01 sp022703965
s__UBA1179 sp002310015
s__JAKAHT01 sp021791395
s__Thioalkalivibrio paradoxus
s__Sphingopyxis sp023422695
s__Bog-105 sp019233755
s__Streptomyces tuirus
s__Fusobacterium sp030528405
s__Cryomorpha sp030427905
s__Ketobacter sp002708905
s__Limnohabitans sp947453965
s__JACPGK01 sp016182495
s__JADFXB01 sp015233935
s__CAJOIG01 sp947631675
s__Geomonas azotofigens
s__UBA9219 sp003504035
s__Yoonia sp947498645
s__Bact-11 sp947168065
s__Hylemonella sp027532185
s__Lacisediminihabitans changchengi
s__Pelolinea sp030692365
s__Desulfospira joergensenii
s__Bacteroides sp937890825
s__Sulfurifustis variabilis
s__UBA6669 sp017994935
s__Sulfurovum sp016744875
s__Microbacterium sp001620065
s__Alkalimonas sp020831925
s__Aldehydirespirator sp022821685
s__Olivibacter sitiensis
s__Azonexus sp017983755
s__Anaerosporobacter faecicola
s__Nioella ostreopsis
s__UBA6382 sp017618515
s__Marivivens donghaensis_A
s__SYFI01 sp903928615
s__Pelagibacter sp902587755
s__CAIPHT01 sp903825615
s__UBA6184 sp002422845
s__Bordetella_C aloeverae
s__VMFR01 sp028712155
s__OLB19 sp007116965
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017434345
s__HGM12713 sp017504995
s__Streptomyces sp001866675
s__UBA7173 sp021772015
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025464125
s__WQUV01 sp009781895
s__AC2028 sp016286555
s__Fimbriimonas ginsengisoli
s__Kitasatospora sp029892105
s__WTBX01 sp023146575
s__UBA931 sp031257235
s__RF16 sp934692905
s__Udaeobacter sp003219395
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030038255
s__CAIXZV01 sp025355255
s__Heyndrickxia vini
s__Vescimonas sp020025345
s__Pristimantibacillus catalpae
s__JAICIE01 sp025924515
s__Sulfurovum sp002733355
s__JAMOSO01 sp027063065
s__Cyclobacterium sp030546805
s__RGIG3456 sp017450525
s__Xenorhabdus ishibashii
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp021816545
s__MM2 sp946478865
s__J004 sp003696775
s__JAFGKM01 sp022704985
s__Desulforhopalus sp002747825
s__28-YEA-48 sp903918155
s__Sulfuritalea sp023229685
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AV
s__Ferrimonas senticii
s__Porcipelethomonas sp902796865
s__JAHIVN01 sp028696515
s__Tenderia sp024277755
s__Tabrizicola_B rongguiensis
s__UBA1177 sp016290135
s__UBA970 sp023268805
s__Oceanobacillus timonensis
s__UBA1752 sp018065365
s__JAMCSD01 sp023380755
s__Membranihabitans sp937952445
s__SP256 sp002714185
s__JALYJZ01 sp030699935
s__Spirillospora cremea
s__JAFGNO01 sp016926985
s__Eubacterium_B sp017515765
s__JAGVFE01 sp020057765
s__JAGHCL01 sp027064585
s__Savagea sp030152585
s__CAG-791 sp946541955
s__JAGSHH01 sp029249355
s__UBA1227 sp029219165
s__RYN-427 sp028288925
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp014376935
s__PBB1 sp002281415
s__Streptomyces sp009865405
s__Opimibacter sp017995875
s__UBA2834 sp031290255
s__Fonsibacter sp000419485
s__Vogesella sp946479405
s__Acetobacter vaccinii
s__WTKG01 sp011524475
s__UBA7584 sp949291975
s__CAG-196 sp902779645
s__Rhodoluna sp030832605
s__VEQN01 sp030917685
s__JACCRA01 sp013813825
s__VFKP01 sp021156165
s__DAICZL01 sp027311165
s__Collinsella sp958346935
s__JAHECR01 sp024641655
s__Sva-25 sp030145485
s__JAFGPS01 sp016931715
s__Arachnia sp947499145
s__GCA-2730855 sp902554355
s__RUG658 sp905236115
s__CAG-269 sp947244675
s__JAAUQO01 sp012032775
s__Leucobacter sp001482305
s__Luteimonas_D sp030858145
s__Nevskia sp903970615
s__Paracoccus chinensis
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017472905
s__Gallimonas sp947625065
s__Thermobrachium sp026416355
s__UBA3012 sp005786885
s__JAGLAZ01 sp018260565
s__RGIG1681 sp015055905
s__Enhygromyxa salina_C
s__Nocardioides guangzhouensis
s__Coprobacter sp949297285
s__Homoserinibacter sp003852775
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AQ
s__MGBC108787 sp947589195
s__JAEXMB01 sp027483355
s__VMFS01 sp007376185
s__Synechococcus_C sp949373155
s__FB2012 sp002358895
s__Noviherbaspirillum_A sp019052805
s__Palsa-465 sp030854125
s__JACPAY01 sp016180575
s__Sphingomonas sp903884945
s__Neobacillus ginsengisoli
s__Roseimicrobium gellanilyticum
s__Halomonas jincaotanensis
s__Ga0077523 sp019745565
s__Nocardioides zeae_A
s__CACPJE01 sp902531895
s__JACPFJ01 sp003574895
s__DTU013 sp029778665
s__JANXAF01 sp025062045
s__Roseomonas gilardii
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_M
s__Daejeonella sp029360805
s__JAAYUB01 sp937925645
s__SZUA-226 sp024644405
s__JAUNBN01 sp030527085
s__JAAYIR01 sp029821755
s__MB11C04 sp018675995
s__Faecalimonas sp945992055
s__SKGI01 sp007694145
s__Ereboglobus sp031254955
s__Colwellia psychrerythraea_D
s__DAOWET01 sp030638335
s__Allopontixanthobacter sp024642565
s__JAJRTI01 sp024278415
s__JAIRLF01 sp031267155
s__DRQV01 sp030627125
s__Sulfurivermis sp002376325
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_B
s__Streptococcus gwangjuense
s__UBA8612 sp946405475
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938039235
s__BOG-933 sp003165295
s__CAIUKX01 sp947453715
s__RUG13868 sp017525035
s__Occallatibacter sp003171315
s__Quadrisphaera sp014270065
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus_J
s__GW-Nitrospira-1 sp002839535
s__UBA8904 sp002840435
s__JAUIAI01 sp030425615
s__Gemmatimonas sp020161135
s__Fibrobacter sp946413655
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp002684675
s__CAG-194 sp017465095
s__JACJXF01 sp020047715
s__VFZN01 sp020851835
s__JAFTYO01 sp017464685
s__Streptomyces sp019219825
s__JADJQN01 sp016712745
s__SLRP01 sp007130845
s__Saccharofermentans sp947167045
s__UBA3282 sp014804385
s__SZUA-430 sp016792785
s__CAIXMG01 sp903920485
s__Sphingobium japonicum_C
s__Cupriavidus sp900101625
s__Villigracilis sp016789485
s__JAEZUZ01 sp023443345
s__Amycolatopsis pretoriensis_A
s__PWLR01 sp020832455
s__Hydrogenimonas sp030296055
s__Mailhella sp024404335
s__Faecousia sp934572365
s__JADFFQ01 sp022568135
s__SZUA-451 sp016744315
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp023391395
s__Paraburkholderia phenazinium_B
s__Ruthia sp030142985
s__CAG-115 sp934446565
s__JAAKGP01 sp011043545
s__Flavobacterium sp030145825
s__Thiogranum sp022340245
s__Mariniflexile sp030552475
s__JACIWT01 sp014360825
s__CAG-177 sp017550895
s__JAHEOI01 sp018610125
s__GCA-2688105 sp030640255
s__Streptomyces sp029428675
s__CSSED10-109M sp003560455
s__BPGL01 sp026003015
s__UBA1213 sp902763365
s__Fulvivirga sediminis
s__Crocosphaera sp030065735
s__Collinsella sp014871545
s__Rudaea sp031291055
s__Tabrizicola_A oligotrophica
s__ARS1013 sp002690375
s__Agaricicola taiwanensis
s__JAITSG01 sp031288035
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947456055
s__Flavicella marina
s__JASLLV01 sp030746935
s__UBA6107 sp013824385
s__AC-50 sp005885565
s__Streptomyces sp023701525
s__Villigracilis sp022729775
s__LW23 sp003054695
s__Parapedobacter soli
s__Halomonas gemina
s__Deinococcus sp030524065
s__JAJRTN01 sp024278275
s__Mycobacterium rutilum
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017615065
s__VAYN01 sp016649905
s__Undibacterium seohonense
s__Ramlibacter sp029866045
s__CADEFT01 sp016789755
s__Quinella sp937877655
s__JAUYJF01 sp030688685
s__Photobacterium sp023151555
s__JAHDEI01 sp020628915
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp947253285
s__RGIG2774 sp017480115
s__Actinomyces haliotis
s__Streptomyces dangxiongensis
s__Janthinobacterium sp025356595
s__Limnohabitans sp003063545
s__SXXZ01 sp009695405
s__62-47 sp017305595
s__JAFAZH01 sp030447825
s__Polaromonas sp012927485
s__Soehngenia sp014360205
s__Trichocoleus desertorum_A
s__JAJPIA01 sp021324255
s__DYFX01 sp020724945
s__Fervidobacterium_A thailandense
s__Erythrobacter sp947494705
s__TMED113 sp002715445
s__Desulfolinea sp016744335
s__Nitrosomonas sp002435335
s__Thiobacillus sp018820745
s__JACQQR01 sp016206875
s__Poriferihabitans sp009839585
s__JACRHH01 sp016212095
s__Afipia sp021502575
s__WQYN01 sp031256885
s__Hymenobacter lucidus
s__Tepidimonas aquatica
s__LMDS01 sp947474415
s__Ferrovibrio sp025869515
s__S139-57 sp015485125
s__VGMD01 sp945870925
s__JAUWHW01 sp030626915
s__Centipeda dianae
s__UWMA-0277 sp949511925
s__Bryobacter sp016870995
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031269345
s__UBA3792 sp030530185
s__AG-422-B15 sp902611715
s__Thalassobius sp022347685
s__Limivicinus sp017447685
s__Buttiauxella sp006376615
s__WFVA01 sp027030435
s__JAJTDS01 sp945898025
s__JJ008 sp024643645
s__UBA6821 sp903933015
s__ELB16-189 sp025356795
s__Bacillus zhangzhouensis_A
s__Aegiribacteria sp030592645
s__HGM10766 sp947625365
s__NP936 sp022562495
s__Faecalimonas sp020024645
s__Aquabacterium excrementipullorum
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp010468615
s__Labedella populi
s__LMEP-10873 sp005110395
s__Coprosoma sp902783265
s__Tindallia magadiensis
s__Cellvibrio sp004173475
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024402095
s__Lamprobacter sp007693535
s__Aquisalinus sp021776475
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510705
s__Devosia sp029201545
s__Saccharomonospora halophila
s__PHAA01 sp028709585
s__SIRX01 sp004563715
s__Rubellimicrobium sp009904055
s__Ruegeria sp017743995
s__UBA1038 sp937874275
s__Sphingomonas_P jatrophae
s__Eubacterium_R sp029219885
s__Palsa-739 sp005883365
s__Brevundimonas sp947305955
s__JAHDCW01 sp937936355
s__SYHX01 sp005799025
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905234795
s__Flavobacterium xinjiangense
s__SLLK01 sp007134115
s__Nanopelagicus sp000383815
s__QOAL01 sp026986785
s__Flavobacterium foetidum
s__Treponema_D sp937900125
s__Lepagella sp015061085
s__Polaribacter butkevichii
s__UMGS1264 sp944384815
s__Pseudonocardia xinjiangensis
s__Clostridium_AT caldaquaticum
s__Dongshaea marina
s__JAHHTG01 sp944325935
s__JAHFBD01 sp023250175
s__Brevundimonas sp963205025
s__Demequina sp024643505
s__UBA952 sp947461635
s__JAEYXD01 sp937902995
s__41-12-T18 sp013215805
s__Alistipes sp023443765
s__UBA9973 sp030857065
s__Desemzia sp016892605
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947453585
s__WARW01 sp023443725
s__DRQN01 sp024276955
s__JACMLD01 sp014379785
s__UBA6115 sp028701335
s__SHZF01 sp009692425
s__Sinorhizobium sp030124325
s__Choladousia sp021771715
s__RYN-433 sp028291615
s__CAJQHT01 sp905478245
s__Eubacterium_R sp946628455
s__Thermostichus sp015295985
s__Allocoprobacillus sp944326805
s__Avelusimicrobium sp947305555
s__Lentibacter sp947497495
s__JABMQJ01 sp013203315
s__JANXSS01 sp014376645
s__SZUA-1377 sp027023305
s__Clostridium sp021372645
s__JALYXI01 sp025462965
s__Trebonia kvetii
s__HyVt-613 sp024280135
s__Paenibacillus_G tianmuensis
s__JAQBZS01 sp027622115
s__SXTU01 sp943330855
s__Pelagibacter sp902624185
s__JAJXWB01 sp020442275
s__Prevotella sp020026195
s__Rhizomicrobium sp028871345
s__Anaerococcus sp947253225
s__JAGDMK01 sp020846365
s__UMGS1663 sp947245665
s__Gemmobacter sp937983495
s__Aquabacterium sp022566735
s__CALXCR01 sp944386855
s__Amylibacter sp021775355
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017429765
s__Mycobacterium sp002863225
s__CANRLS01 sp947625235
s__Chryseobacterium daeguense
s__CAKOLN01 sp934096405
s__UMGS124 sp934662525
s__UBA12474 sp007116155
s__Arcanobacter lacustris
s__REEB01 sp007695295
s__Micromonospora costi
s__Spongiisocius sp011523635
s__STE-72 sp028694925
s__MS499-59 sp031261425
s__RF16 sp002315745
s__CAIQPV01 sp903873725
s__RH-AL1 sp937873345
s__Roseivirga sp002427745
s__Flagellimonas sp028284725
s__UBA6024 sp023393265
s__JAJRZL01 sp024275255
s__UMGS1865 sp902795355
s__PALSA-1440 sp003152225
s__Paracoccus marinaquae
s__Rhizomicrobium sp015654705
s__Parafrankia sp001636565
s__BS524 sp018334055
s__Stercorousia sp944323145
s__Nitrincola sp021208565
s__Vreelandella rituensis
s__JAIXQO01 sp027485695
s__Microbacterium sp015350795
s__CANNRM01 sp947508155
s__CABSKZ01 sp902478395
s__Cerasicoccus sp027257155
s__JAEWAH01 sp023411395
s__JAFGGP01 sp016930485
s__UBA4479 sp030727885
s__CAG-196 sp944323165
s__Actinoplanes durhamensis
s__2-01-FULL-43-22 sp016185505
s__M0027 sp021713415
s__UBA2196 sp002328025
s__ELB16-189 sp013141055
s__Chordicoccus sp902803505
s__Alloprevotella sp937877685
s__UMGS1590 sp019420345
s__JAGRNP01 sp030632925
s__MGBC139354 sp947626035
s__JACRCG01 sp016219145
s__Malaciobacter sp004116495
s__Arthrobacter_F hankyongi
s__UBA9294 sp030615945
s__JACDDX01 sp946887295
s__Malikia sp028687635
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp021202305
s__JAFGCB01 sp016932855
s__CAKZPI01 sp937139155
s__Onthovivens sp949299195
s__Nanosynbacter sp937936045
s__UBA8529 sp013141385
s__Alistipes sp017558115
s__WLWZ01 sp943787225
s__JAJYJP01 sp021788105
s__UBA1140 sp026985655
s__Microbispora hainanensis
s__Ruminococcus sp023667265
s__Spirosoma sp026391055
s__JAGXGJ01 sp028715725
s__JAOUFM01 sp029858205
s__RECQ01 sp007693965
s__Rubrobacter_F sp019247245
s__Methylocystis sp016869595
s__SIG423 sp015069195
s__UBA1067 sp017628165
s__Filomicrobium sp001516065
s__SBBT01 sp005239595
s__Isoptericola sp020297055
s__Mycobacterium pyrenivorans
s__UBA1712 sp002317245
s__JGM124 sp018257795
s__CALMJB01 sp937864205
s__Faecousia sp020025615
s__Pseudanabaena frigida
s__JAJFTP01 sp021372895
s__Paremcibacter sp002401545
s__Planktophila sp945869505
s__Flavobacterium magnum
s__Anaerobacillus alkalilacustris
s__TMED54 sp902590245
s__JAEEJA01 sp024696825
s__UBA2144 sp018814875
s__Streptomyces nymphaeiformis
s__Umezawaea_A beigongshangensis
s__RUG11272 sp946410395
s__CAIMEH01 sp903839975
s__JAIRMY01 sp031282435
s__UBA5701 sp021775955
s__Faecousia sp017561205
s__Spiroplasma_A apis
s__UBA737 sp946006915
s__Rhizobium sp900466605
s__UBA2834 sp947307225
s__Pelagibacter sp902617825
s__Brevundimonas sp001425945
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp002025945
s__JANWIB01 sp025450155
s__Pseudonocardia sp030852965
s__Microbacterium sp029094505
s__Stenotrophomonas sp030913365
s__JADCJN01 sp020247005
s__JAIRMT01 sp031258505
s__JAKJGY01 sp022704145
s__JAAYUI01 sp012517765
s__JALSJK01 sp026989395
s__RUG440 sp902786015
s__Mycobacterium sp001667315
s__Alteromonas sp018860805
s__Serratia_G microhaemolytica
s__GCA-2747695 sp030590985
s__Paenibacillus_B sp015558675
s__Gallipaludibacter sp937886455
s__Rhizomicrobium sp023259375
s__Marmoricola sp943913695
s__JAKAML01 sp021812845
s__JADZDV01 sp020850915
s__NZ13-RE01 sp938034905
s__CALJAA01 sp937958675
s__JADGRH01 sp017881075
s__Methyloterricola oryzae
s__RGIG6307 sp021199495
s__GCA-012562765 sp012571605
s__JAUIBK01 sp030428205
s__JACDBZ01 sp030146365
s__Dermabacter sp030538475
s__WC36 sp020683205
s__RAAP-2 sp021807655
s__CAIKBL01 sp009692265
s__JAPLWD01 sp028712605
s__Peptoniphilus_B sp947254665
s__JAQVHS01 sp028696075
s__Actinacidiphila alni
s__Pelagibacter sp902612605
s__Nocardioides sp004919085
s__Arthrobacter sp005796225
s__JAAFIY01 sp013297985
s__UBA12018 sp003447595
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902590355
s__Rhodoferax_B koreense
s__CAIXZC01 sp903923815
s__WHSL01 sp009380095
s__UM-FILTER-47-13 sp002789675
s__Abyssalbus sp937901915
s__JANYHK01 sp025359105
s__JADKJB01 sp963169675
s__Luteimonas_D sp008312895
s__JAFGKK01 sp016932475
s__Fluviicola sp946480085
s__JAUILA01 sp030432655
s__JAAEPJ01 sp024222485
s__UBA8416 sp020048935
s__Agreia sp900177765
s__C7867-006 sp003173855
s__VGTB01 sp016874835
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946415475
s__Cyanobium_A sp903928835
s__Streptomyces canus_C
s__SHYY01 sp009692555
s__S143-5 sp015489145
s__Paenibacillus lemnae
s__Marinisoma sp902526795
s__MM2 sp946481235
s__Quinella sp905235685
s__Asticcacaulis currens
s__Lentibacillus_C sp900258515
s__Saccharopolyspora elongata
s__JAGONZ01 sp017992755
s__Pseudomonas_E sp946886875
s__Bordetella_C sp002261425
s__B12-G4 sp003641745
s__UBA4293 sp024401115
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp913050015
s__Kangiella sediminilitoris
s__Streptococcus mitis_BG
s__CALIAG01 sp938041325
s__Marinobacter sp029207565
s__GCA-2748055 sp030592605
s__AG-337-I02 sp902621725
s__M55B170 sp018399295
s__JAKEGK01 sp022627515
s__TMED23 sp905614355
s__VFZN01 sp016871195
s__JALHOQ01 sp025354795
s__Aciditerrimonas ferrireducens
s__Abyssisolibacter fermentans
s__B39-G9 sp023145555
s__Pelagibacter sp902567765
s__Paenibacillus sp019352175
s__UBA5859 sp002432655
s__CAMLJR01 sp028293825
s__UBA4132 sp026398895
s__BOG-1112 sp003136475
s__UBA7960 sp019429365
s__UBA710 sp947040455
s__HGM12713 sp017463065
s__MFBS3-17 sp019459455
s__CALJIC01 sp937974195
s__JACOXU01 sp016182185
s__Chryseobacterium tructae
s__Burkholderia pyrrocinia_B
s__JALNZK01 sp023229365
s__Casp-actino8 sp016871395
s__DUNF01 sp012838635
s__JANQSA01 sp028284665
s__Micavibrio_B aeruginosavorus_A
s__JAMDDL01 sp023380915
s__DFVG01 sp028561755
s__HIMB59 sp902595525
s__QHZM01 sp003224665
s__SW-4-49-11 sp018609785
s__JAUWGC01 sp030618905
s__CAG-177 sp937919155
s__Polystyrenella sp020426395
s__JAFLBD01 sp017303935
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila_D
s__Shewanella sp013248905
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903906615
s__Marmoricola ginsengisoli
s__RGIG1918 sp017505585
s__SZUA-46 sp003231955
s__Alistipes sp017631055
s__SXXZ01 sp026397755
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp021847125
s__Terrabacter sp000955875
s__Ferranicluibacter sp900111275
s__CALBGR01 sp029288365
s__Brachybacterium huguangmaarense
s__MWH-TA3 sp024641015
s__JAMCWQ01 sp023480825
s__UBA2210 sp016935875
s__Thermodesulfovibrio aggregans_A
s__Protoclostridium sp947589145
s__Massilibacteroides vaginae
s__CALGNO01 sp937958625
s__UBA4722 sp013287235
s__JAGRNP01 sp016744275
s__RHKK01 sp023229665
s__Paracoccus aminophilus
s__Paenibacillus_E ferrarius
s__Onthomonas sp905236265
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017545585
s__Roseiarcus sp019237205
s__UBA737 sp017465085
s__MED-G14 sp002702385
s__Mycobacterium spongiae
s__Neptuniibacter victor
s__Corynebacterium sp030527885
s__28-YEA-48 sp947453155
s__Xylophilus rhododendri
s__Alkalibacillus haloalkaliphilus_A
s__Verruco-01 sp016928295
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017652105
s__Aeromicrobium sp025965175
s__Dysosmobacter sp017482345
s__Paenibacillus_AE alkalitolerans
s__CAINEZ01 sp013334735
s__G020348885 sp020348885
s__SZUA-8 sp003232175
s__Paraburkholderia piptadeniae
s__Luteimonas_B sp028293685
s__Methylobacter_A sp903831545
s__JAADHK01 sp013151835
s__UMGS1696 sp017454465
s__Quinella sp946536825
s__JAHIVB01 sp018816905
s__Pseudonocardia sp018531445
s__JALYNC01 sp030773415
s__Anaerolinea thermolimosa
s__HKST-UBA178 sp020445405
s__Saccharofermentans sp024685135
s__Lutimonas sp024644725
s__Brachybacterium endophyticum
s__Streptomyces sp001748085
s__Solidesulfovibrio magneticus
s__Qipengyuania sp029688735
s__JAIRRO01 sp031290515
s__Promicromonospora soli
s__IMCC26134_A sp027488595
s__UBA2475 sp937868675
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009777445
s__Nitricoxidireducens sp028713915
s__Actinomarina sp902576605
s__Collinsella sp902479075
s__Nocardioides sp023415395
s__UBA2270 sp020721165
s__GWA2-66-18 sp023700845
s__Paludibaculum sp029973955
s__JAISGC01 sp031283565
s__Acinetobacter sp002135335
s__Sulfurimonas sp021161305
s__Enterousia sp949296475
s__Nicoliella sp019303535
s__Elarobacter vanleeuwenhoeki
s__2-02-FULL-66-22 sp026387775
s__Collinsella sp959599615
s__JADGPY01 sp002050465
s__HGM13006 sp017469795
s__Spirosoma pollinicola
s__Anaerotalea alkaliphila
s__B120-G9 sp003641415
s__UBA7862 sp947366895
s__JAUXFE01 sp030620215
s__Aureimonas pseudogalii
s__UBA4655 sp002405515
s__Peptoniphilus_E sp030532275
s__Nostoc_B sp014697425
s__UBA10281 sp017466825
s__Humibacter sp015655415
s__VMFQ01 sp007376125
s__UBA4372 sp028723455
s__Flavonifractor sp022785125
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000634195
s__Piscinibacter aquaticus
s__Ch61 sp026416095
s__Telluria sp946480015
s__Fimisoma sp949295785
s__QHXM01 sp003222945
s__CACEUX01 sp913020665
s__JAHEJB01 sp022564455
s__Desulfotignum balticum
s__UBA9002 sp002455255
s__JAJUGE01 sp029268305
s__UBA3282 sp947630025
s__Gemmata palustris
s__JAHIVM01 sp018816665
s__JAUIEQ01 sp030429785
s__STD1-204 sp028717005
s__JAAYXG01 sp938008435
s__1-14-0-10-36-32 sp002778465
s__GRL18 sp013139395
s__SZUA-36 sp013042835
s__Novosphingobium hassiacum
s__Pararhodobacter sp017303295
s__Ramlibacter sp029237735
s__UBA1752 sp015065165
s__Brachybacterium sp027322375
s__Carboxydothermus islandicus
s__CAKKQO01 sp919902105
s__Pelagibacter sp902586225
s__Streptococcus bovimastitidis
s__UBA11663 sp028141885
s__Mesonia sp947499595
s__JAJRTE01 sp024278455
s__BM707 sp002868925
s__Fimenecus sp021769885
s__Rhizomicrobium sp002307315
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp027438535
s__AG-363-N20 sp003280105
s__Tardiphaga sp023449855
s__WO2-35-19 sp002771075
s__BOG-224 sp903925975
s__Sphingomonas sp013374095
s__Mesobacillus subterraneus
s__Quinella sp946403735
s__JAKRSE01 sp022402505
s__Petrimonas sp030539475
s__Chitinophaga agrisoli
s__JAJYCH01 sp021778575
s__CATOSP01 sp951812625
s__CAMCQY01 sp947440895
s__VSJD01 sp016182435
s__UBA2270 sp002327225
s__Lepagella sp947174225
s__CAG-269 sp944393755
s__Flavimobilis sp947495165
s__JADJOM01 sp029884275
s__Ottowia sp023228705
s__Vibrio sp013113835
s__UBA6215 sp022709465
s__Sulfurospirillum sp028693565
s__Pelagibacter sp902523515
s__Marinagarivorans cellulosilyticus
s__Glycomyces sambucus
s__UBA4459 sp020444415
s__JADJOY01 sp016713535
s__Bact-19 sp017617125
s__UBA9145 sp022763285
s__UBA3077 sp937901055
s__Jiella pacifica
s__JAKOXV01 sp029780855
s__M2005 sp027036755
s__Phosphitispora sp016841725
s__JABMQV01 sp030597505
s__Clostridium_AM muellerianum
s__Marivariicella sp002723295
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016788285
s__JAMJFU01 sp023544525
s__Pauljensenia sp028437565
s__JADLGS01 sp020849205
s__Ancylomarina_A longa
s__Fokinia solitaria
s__Lederbergia niameyensis
s__CAG-115 sp947175045
s__CAIQWF01 sp020048335
s__JADFOB01 sp029260055
s__Streptomyces sp022614595
s__Variovorax sp900090195
s__Psychrobium sp937139475
s__NIOZ-UU35 sp016865865
s__Collinsella sp902492755
s__Ga0077523 sp025350245
s__Luteimonas_D sp012510865
s__JACNJF01 sp937894085
s__SMVS01 sp004357435
s__Desulfotomaculum sp946411205
s__Pelagibacter sp902632935
s__DYLW01 sp020721865
s__DAOVVL01 sp029883045
s__SLHW01 sp007132685
s__Lacipirellula sp003576855
s__Sulfuriflexus mobilis
s__Gp1-AA145 sp003224815
s__JACAEB01 sp013389075
s__RGIG7114 sp017445985
s__Rhizomicrobium sp023427355
s__CAJOIG01 sp947626905
s__Streptococcus cuniculipharyngis
s__W3P20-009 sp937892255
s__CAG-196 sp902796585
s__UBA1406 sp002305675
s__Glycomyces sp016918015
s__Undibacterium sp025548535
s__JAJZNM01 sp027365475
s__Roseinatronobacter sp029581395
s__JAILDL01 sp024689465
s__Draconibacterium sp021354595
s__DAOWDM01 sp030639035
s__HMF7647 sp009834875
s__JALHSW01 sp022865365
s__Hymenobacter perfusus
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp002479765
s__GWF2-50-93 sp025360875
s__Chitinophaga sp900110995
s__UBA3789 sp017432645
s__OLB11 sp016787065
s__JAPLIR01 sp026389015
s__JAISTZ01 sp031290005
s__Spiroplasma_A culicicola
s__Aestuariivirga sp020252405
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp934276695
s__Holophaga sp021287085
s__Indiicoccus explosivorum
s__CAJMSU01 sp017510225
s__TMED109 sp029247025
s__JAILZS01 sp021817625
s__Pelagibacter sp902522225
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp005888435
s__VEQN01 sp018062305
s__BNXT01 sp025999775
s__Kitasatospora sp027627435
s__JAKSPP01 sp024404735
s__Streptomyces sp002382885
s__Rossellomorea sp017303375
s__Bosea sp024231975
s__JAJACQ01 sp945897715
s__JAHFFS01 sp023247815
s__Sphingomonas sp913777625
s__JAAFHZ01 sp020059425
s__Drouetiella hepatica
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018130165
s__JAUCGD01 sp030377945
s__JAAYQE01 sp012519455
s__Thermotoga sp002865985
s__JAAEYY01 sp018223105
s__Pontiella sp003252225
s__Shimia sp018223085
s__Sporosarcina sp023168145
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233295
s__Chitinophaga sp902168175
s__Halodesulfovibrio marinisediminis
s__Bacillus_A sp027694045
s__Pelagibacter sp902538525
s__Paenibacillus_AB flagellatus
s__JAADGR01 sp011682565
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp947253405
s__Pelagibacter sp902539035
s__Falsiroseomonas sp947478535
s__JALGZO01 sp025774865
s__Halomonas organivorans
s__Anaerococcus sp902500265
s__PNKZ01 sp013822735
s__Angelobacter sp025357215
s__JAHFDA01 sp023249225
s__LD21 sp025358455
s__JACCES01 sp012512545
s__SBAW01 sp005239955
s__CAJOIG01 sp947632365
s__Palsa-1447 sp003151515
s__Neorhizobium sp023390055
s__Mycobacterium sp009729075
s__JARXAH01 sp029865945
s__CAUJHL01 sp963204705
s__Rhodoferax_C sp021738345
s__Enterousia sp023665245
s__Jeotgalibacillus sp029667115
s__Pelagibacter sp902599335
s__Amaricoccus sp017993425
s__Aegiribacteria sp027067855
s__JAJTHG01 sp021298835
s__OMSK01 sp947631525
s__GCA-2726245 sp002726245
s__Timonella sp002376595
s__Clostridium sp015670405
s__JACAVV01 sp024648695
s__Rhizorhapis sp021742065
s__Sneathiella sp016765515
s__Chondromyces apiculatus
s__JAHDDO01 sp020631235
s__CAG-448 sp017453005
s__SZUA-575 sp003249645
s__Treponema_D sp938039145
s__Cellulosilyticum ruminicola
s__Buchnera aphidicola_V
s__Collinsella sp902494535
s__JAHJTW01 sp018829565
s__Pedobacter sp014377775
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009781425
s__B14-G1 sp024274915
s__JAITAH01 sp031270075
s__Treponema_D sp017938365
s__Pararheinheimera sp946482615
s__GCA-2723085 sp029243855
s__Methylomonas sp028748685
s__Dichotomicrobium thermohalophilum
s__Marinobacter bryozoorum
s__Acidoferrum sp003223295
s__Halomonas beimenensis
s__Nocardioides glacieisoli
s__Pararhizobium sp900473685
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938045335
s__VGIW01 sp016867715
s__Peterkaempfera sp020991365
s__STF1-71 sp028699155
s__Salinibacter sp913056185
s__Mumia flava
s__Enterocola sp937911935
s__Alteromonas ponticola
s__Treponema_D sp017962415
s__Gygaella sp018400015
s__GCA-2683135 sp013213915
s__Brevundimonas sp017302105
s__VXOZ01 sp012270555
s__Alkalibacillus almallahensis
s__Methyloceanibacter sp022865725
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023073315
s__2-01-FULL-39-10-A sp001782515
s__CAAFZY01 sp021617435
s__Streptomyces sp008042075
s__VGMD01 sp937996705
s__Streptococcus sp905221265
s__JAUYLZ01 sp030698385
s__Granulicatella sp934193545
s__CAG-196 sp017482685
s__GCA-002708715 sp002694025
s__UBA7398 sp014190155
s__Streptomyces carpinensis
s__RUG626 sp947630755
s__JACQFI01 sp026184295
s__Meridianimarinicoccus sp002119405
s__JAHYJV01 sp019428855
s__UBA4951 sp949289845
s__JAIRMT01 sp031266875
s__Poriferisphaera sp016350165
s__Caccovicinus sp949740725
s__E44-bin32 sp029210945
s__Pseudomonas_E atagonensis
s__CAJOIG01 sp021202795
s__Sideroxyarcus sp002421915
s__Arthrobacter sp007679325
s__Gallionella sp028710565
s__Pelethomonas sp014799925
s__COTS27 sp013426755
s__Thiocapsa bogorovii
s__JAEWER01 sp023389255
s__2-02-FULL-49-11 sp001791465
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947496865
s__Cytobacillus sp026011715
s__GCA-002841655 sp938003925
s__JAGNHN01 sp022710185
s__Streptomyces sp026236535
s__RUG756 sp017524725
s__Puia dinghuensis
s__GCA-016699855 sp016699855
s__Pelagibacter sp902608385
s__Halorhodospira sp003552625
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017544265
s__Methylohalomonas lacus
s__SYAC01 sp009691785
s__Amphritea sp937127095
s__Prevotella sp001552765
s__Prevotella sp017449495
s__CALKUS01 sp937996755
s__UBA2475 sp016787705
s__JAJUJL01 sp029265355
s__HIMB30 sp902558075
s__BRH-c25 sp028697435
s__UBA1724 sp002315885
s__Lancefieldella sp015259035
s__Thermoclostridium sp012519655
s__Caldimicrobium sp002441555
s__Polaribacter_A sp029245785
s__Cryobacterium sp025465015
s__Microbulbifer sp007183175
s__JAPUKJ01 sp027295705
s__RGIG2707 sp017438085
s__JAGLDW01 sp023145395
s__Hylemonella gracilis_D
s__2-02-FULL-66-14 sp002451175
s__Aphodocola sp946500425
s__UMGS1601 sp902489475
s__Clostridium_AF grantii
s__T78 sp002432795
s__Nitrospira_D sp024330925
s__JAPWJZ01 sp029266795
s__UBA3015 sp010024525
s__JAITXS01 sp031290205
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp005888925
s__Terriglobus_A sp019510535
s__Cytobacillus eiseniae
s__WLRQ01 sp025351185
s__QEUY01 sp003577365
s__Acetonema longum
s__JAUVZL01 sp030613445
s__Streptomyces sp022414595
s__Gluconobacter aidae
s__Collinsella sp019414055
s__CALJBY01 sp938024025
s__DAHWHV01 sp027335545
s__Planococcus plakortidis
s__Nocardioides sp030452025
s__RGIG7384 sp958445555
s__Pseudoduganella armeniaca
s__UBA2897 sp022773425
s__Prosthecobacter dejongeii
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334965
s__Zag111 sp017544545
s__JAIRPD01 sp031257195
s__UMGS1864 sp946497775
s__BOG-931 sp030037065
s__Rhizomicrobium sp016125165
s__DSOT01 sp001771985
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018064625
s__UBA3282 sp947243845
s__RGIG8124 sp947305865
s__RUG13091 sp017619815
s__Streptomyces sp001083795
s__Limenecus sp018362895
s__Congregibacter sp000158155
s__Jannaschia donghaensis
s__JAFGFO01 sp016931085
s__Firm-07 sp015063625
s__C7867-002 sp023487965
s__Campylobacter_B sp938045535
s__Ilumatobacter sp023417265
s__JALEMS01 sp022768185
s__CAJOIG01 sp947624065
s__Epilithonimonas sp913776245
s__14-2 sp944376745
s__Scalindua sp030748215
s__VXOZ01 sp026710945
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902600475
s__Gracilibacillus sp022919575
s__Marinicella sp030426065
s__UBA8231 sp937919035
s__F23-D06 sp902797625
s__Hamadaea tsunoensis
s__GCA-001735895 sp024229615
s__CAILUF01 sp903837365
s__Herbivorax sp012841175
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017415715
s__Algihabitans albus
s__RUG099 sp017433945
s__Gynurincola endophyticus
s__JAUYFS01 sp030689665
s__Mongoliibacter sp007692705
s__Oceanobacillus rekensis
s__UBA5429 sp017860455
s__Luteimonas_D deserti
s__JACQPG01 sp016207665
s__UBA3537 sp002690085
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282535
s__GRL18 sp023864145
s__Aquimarina litoralis
s__RUG11139 sp024400565
s__UBA3789 sp902780395
s__Collinsella sp937943045
s__Propionicimonas sp020438595
s__Alkalispirochaeta sp007695175
s__Flavobacterium potami
s__Cohaesibacter marisflavi
s__Caproiciproducens sp012516295
s__Sodaliphilus sp946406035
s__28-YEA-48 sp029979185
s__CAG-492 sp946637865
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp937975725
s__JAGREO01 sp020446285
s__Streptococcus sp903645285
s__Pelagibacter sp002169255
s__21-14-0-10-47-8 sp002773975
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902626435
s__Bradyrhizobium erythrophlei_C
s__UBA2100 sp017134395
s__Robiginitomaculum sp938003555
s__JAJFTV01 sp021372725
s__Scatovivens sp017530505
s__UBA5026 sp947588975
s__WRBN01 sp009784515
s__Bu05 sp014896295
s__GCA-2732755 sp003712165
s__DRMV01 sp013154225
s__Symmachiella sp028285345
s__JACPQZ01 sp016190205
s__WGBX01 sp027033875
s__QUBU01 sp020851975
s__UBA11549 sp017480385
s__Hyalangium versicolor
s__Caballeronia sordidicola_C
s__Limimorpha sp947303395
s__JANQFC01 sp028278035
s__RPRC01 sp028683595
s__JALOTE01 sp025458045
s__UBA11574 sp029857875
s__Sneathiella sp913062525
s__JADJAH01 sp019694675
s__Frederiksenia sp011455275
s__Floricoccus tropicus
s__CAMAQI01 sp945860255
s__Pseudooceanicola onchidii
s__Enterousia sp947304085
s__QXHL01 sp027336365
s__RUG14156 sp934700385
s__RGIG8773 sp022511485
s__GCA-2748055 sp004525825
s__JACRNF01 sp016219355
s__PMG-095 sp023431345
s__UBA7937 sp002366595
s__UBA7359 sp021773245
s__Syntrophus gentianae
s__Casp-actino5 sp023257035
s__Mucilaginibacter auburnensis
s__Marinobacter similis
s__NVTR01 sp030625325
s__Rhodobacter maris
s__JAQIDA01 sp027858275
s__Lancefieldella sp015258835
s__WRDS01 sp009779675
s__JAUNAB01 sp030527795
s__T1SED10-99 sp003553225
s__Variovorax paradoxus_J
s__Gallimonas sp947625385
s__Coproplasma sp947177975
s__JAJZAF01 sp027314885
s__Fimousia sp030531165
s__CAIRWO01 sp903882345
s__WRFZ01 sp031257875
s__RUG11130 sp022800625
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282335
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031278115
s__AG-337-I02 sp902612825
s__Paracoccus beibuensis
s__SIAN01 sp016872815
s__UBA6055 sp022824465
s__Clostridium sp947072515
s__Silvibacterium sp030037215
s__Bradyrhizobium sp024199925
s__JAKPJZ01 sp029553955
s__DUBZ01 sp028278345
s__Cryobacterium sp019599185
s__Nakamurella deserti
s__UBA3006 sp009927375
s__JANTFQ01 sp024763405
s__Ruminococcus_C sp030523195
s__RUG11783 sp017405465
s__JAEWAH01 sp023413135
s__RF16 sp017557345
s__UBA1711 sp017448185
s__DTHB01 sp030018495
s__SXYR01 sp903959965
s__Kitasatospora humi
s__JAHDEI01 sp937958705
s__Hansschlegelia quercus
s__CAMHGU01 sp946184715
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031288455
s__Pseudomonas_E sp946885955
s__Dyella_B flagellata
s__CACXEY01 sp017540905
s__JACPUW01 sp016124515
s__JAEUMD01 sp020442185
s__Brumimicrobium glaciale
s__UBA7862 sp937891595
s__RKRQ01 sp026710625
s__Tatlockia sp013812775
s__JADLFV01 sp020849625
s__VRUJ01 sp019456165
s__Mucilaginibacter_A arboris
s__GCA-2863065 sp002863065
s__DOZZ01 sp003517725
s__JAEWOS01 sp023460855
s__VBAT01 sp015654695
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031262585
s__UMGS1668 sp937906945
s__Nitrospira_D kreftii
s__RGIG3480 sp017445365
s__DAIDKD01 sp027451065
s__Thiothrix sp029972225
s__NIES-981 sp025454305
s__Litorivicinus sp937139465
s__UBA3077 sp026982255
s__UBA1141 sp002311385
s__Defluviitoga sp029780115
s__GCA-002731945 sp002731945
s__Wujia sp017480195
s__PWYM01 sp020832005
s__Faecousia sp947165085
s__Pseudomonas nitroreducens_C
s__Deinococcus sp000745175
s__Geminocystis herdmanii
s__Treponema_D sp029098225
s__JAPUDQ01 sp027493025
s__SpSt-227 sp023392125
s__Psychrobacter glacincola_C
s__Blautia_A sp030524545
s__JAITMY01 sp031257655
s__Sporosarcina koreensis_C
s__OM05-12 sp019417975
s__C7867-002 sp017991475
s__Methylocystis sp000304315
s__OFTM74 sp029260435
s__Nocardiopsis sp001279585
s__Symbiothrix sp025996835
s__JAJUJY01 sp029265085
s__JAJFLO01 sp951812855
s__GCA-002718395 sp029246995
s__UBA11704 sp023267535
s__LMDS01 sp025359585
s__UBA1711 sp947303735
s__Spirillospora albida
s__RGIG10340 sp017958585
s__Methylopila sp002897035
s__Turneriella sp016788945
s__RGIG5579 sp946645685
s__LD21 sp025358645
s__JAGVEJ01 sp020058225
s__CALVMC01 sp949296455
s__Duganella sp019219065
s__Pedobacter sp004295885
s__JAIRKM01 sp031288475
s__UBA931 sp009786025
s__UBA1573 sp016794305
s__Neobacillus niacini_D
s__DUVQ01 sp029975745
s__Limnohabitans sp947454585
s__Pandoraea anhela
s__G020352215 sp020352215
s__Faecousia sp017452605
s__Arthrobacter_D sp002384315
s__CALCNS01 sp937897315
s__JAAYVH01 sp012517255
s__Collimonas sp002564105
s__RUG14156 sp944324445
s__Bradyrhizobium sp028868675
s__CAG-488 sp017935265
s__Deinococcus frigens
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947253655
s__Polaromonas sp026786065
s__ZC4RG36 sp937864975
s__PUNJ01 sp003551705
s__JAISTZ01 sp031290725
s__SBBV01 sp005240015
s__UBA6911 sp016933615
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp002341345
s__JANWYM01 sp025055355
s__RGIG4057 sp945836355
s__Firm-16 sp017519205
s__JAICXJ01 sp025929365
s__Sandaracinobacteroides sayramense
s__Nocardioides speluncae
s__JANXSD01 sp025352785
s__Prevotella sp016291085
s__Soudan-30 sp016278725
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031265955
s__PGXY01 sp002839375
s__Desulfonatronospira sp007127015
s__SLTJ01 sp004347685
s__UBA4372 sp017619585
s__Halopseudomonas saliphila
s__Clostridium sp018372555
s__UBA4466 sp913059205
s__Bulleidia sp945877405
s__RBG-13-66-14 sp001774505
s__UBA8904 sp017860985
s__UBA2834 sp009783305
s__RUG11867 sp902795215
s__SSS58A sp017885175
s__Bin87 sp022823105
s__Acetobacterium sp002841405
s__Fen-1258 sp026390775
s__GCA-020344555 sp020344555
s__MB11C04 sp018645475
s__CAJLXD01 sp949295025
s__JAGNZR01 sp947072665
s__Occallatibacter savannae
s__Desulforapulum sp024225635
s__SLMC01 sp007134465
s__Arenibaculum pallidiluteum
s__VGXM01 sp016873295
s__DAOVKF01 sp030631915
s__Ruminococcus_C sp958448395
s__RUG440 sp902793195
s__JAKIYB01 sp022708765
s__SKW16 sp026418715
s__Variovorax sp030316885
s__JAGNNG01 sp017990795
s__Companilactobacillus kedongensis
s__Devosia sp025452255
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013288685
s__JALHUC01 sp029210965
s__SYFI01 sp947451735
s__Aquimarina sp020628975
s__Halobacillus mangrovi
s__Janthinobacterium sp003482555
s__JAFLCL01 sp017303575
s__Vulcanococcus sp027488975
s__Pauljensenia sp029983625
s__Sulfuritalea sp026399475
s__Bradyrhizobium sp003020125
s__Hoeflea alexandrii_A
s__Kaistia sp016629525
s__JAAYNB01 sp012521085
s__Chryseomicrobium excrementi
s__Mycoplasmopsis felifaucium
s__Streptomyces purpurogeneiscleroticus
s__EC70 sp013911195
s__SIG587 sp017463345
s__Gulosibacter sp900163695
s__Shewanella basaltis
s__UBA6857 sp947624755
s__JADFMN01 sp946479035
s__JAHXGN01 sp019923625
s__UBA3789 sp945228905
s__Limivicinus sp017518225
s__JAUVYQ01 sp030614945
s__HGM11412 sp017398825
s__JALYGJ01 sp030777155
s__Devosia sp028290625
s__JAGXRT01 sp030683815
s__JAKAHT01 sp027310365
s__Methylophilus sp029781535
s__Rhizobium sp900472605
s__JACQQX01 sp016197155
s__Odoribacter sp944321165
s__VGOZ01 sp016875715
s__JACKBT01 sp020634415
s__JAIBBV01 sp019694465
s__Paracholeplasma vituli
s__Limimorpha sp017616675
s__JAAZJW01 sp023230535
s__Alteromonas_E sp030362855
s__RGIG8773 sp014799785
s__UBA4592 sp028825115
s__HRBIN34 sp002923395
s__Veillonella_A sp937981445
s__Sabulitectum sp030592635
s__UBA9312 sp021161185
s__JAAZOE01 sp028700875
s__Coriobacterium glomerans
s__Quadrisphaera setariae
s__Collinsella sp959028445
s__Merdimorpha sp959608625
s__Longicatena sp020025055
s__AAA536-G10 sp902514865
s__Tenacibaculum gallaicum
s__CAKOMG01 sp947627195
s__Hydrogenedens sp020216745
s__JAGWAJ01 sp026708265
s__CAG-115 sp947624555
s__Govania unica
s__Rhodoferax_C sp029865675
s__JAKPEO01 sp029551925
s__RGIG2000 sp017416885
s__JAAXPZ01 sp012329065
s__Pelagibacter sp902571425
s__JACQVF01 sp016209885
s__JARLIA01 sp031291955
s__NICIL-2 sp026003475
s__Gloeobacter lilacinus
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017405345
s__JAFDFO01 sp020347085
s__Chlorobium_A sp022360415
s__JANQIE01 sp028282295
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398095
s__Paenalkalicoccus suaedae
s__Paenibacillus_K selenitireducens
s__UBA2780 sp003646305
s__JAPLLM01 sp026387555
s__Corynebacterium vitaeruminis_A
s__UBA3766 sp015057025
s__RGIG3612 sp017458965
s__SXXZ01 sp016871615
s__Pseudoteredinibacter sp025800435
s__JAJRVB01 sp024277515
s__UBA5232 sp017958745
s__SYAK01 sp005788935
s__Shewanella sp022398315
s__Chitinophaga sp003182155
s__UBA994 sp002292025
s__JAJFLR01 sp021772565
s__RUG11194 sp018064845
s__Onthomonas sp021201515
s__UBA10347 sp905182135
s__Pelagibacter sp902595885
s__Vreelandella nigrificans
s__Inquilinus limosus_D
s__JAKLFG01 sp022711315
s__SG8-41 sp016868035
s__Blastococcus aurantiacus
s__TMPK1 sp018332375
s__Shimia sp001292625
s__RUG440 sp902803315
s__Zwartia sp023653055
s__JANQFH01 sp028277945
s__Herminiimonas sp003852535
s__Reyranella aerosaccus
s__Halomonas sp003560175
s__CADBRF01 sp902796975
s__UBA1081 sp937876205
s__JAQUQN01 sp028716065
s__Hoeflea_A sp024742485
s__UBA1711 sp024685285
s__Collinsella sp902464495
s__QQUE01 sp008501765
s__Flectobacillus sp013298025
s__Poriferihabitans sp022822625
s__VXLM01 sp026713145
s__RUG572 sp934643865
s__Paraburkholderia acidicola
s__Acidoferrum sp003224075
s__DYSO01 sp023231065
s__Azonexus sp016790845
s__FEN-1322 sp003140915
s__Rickettsia sp020404465
s__JAIPFM01 sp021736645
s__Brevibacterium aurantiacum_A
s__JADFRQ01 sp022561215
s__JAITLA01 sp031283865
s__JAADIO01 sp013151235
s__JAKLQJ01 sp022013385
s__Mesomycoplasma conjunctivae
s__CAG-115 sp014799395
s__JAFGDP01 sp016926315
s__Lysobacter_B oculi
s__SIG693 sp017463865
s__JAUVBO01 sp030591195
s__SH-MAG3 sp018224305
s__Telluria sp030412015
s__UBA1259 sp017399945
s__CAIOHW01 sp945860415
s__Treponema sp905372265
s__Caproiciproducens sp002359465
s__WRLB01 sp031261605
s__Nanopelagicus limnes
s__Psychroflexus sp017311165
s__Mannheimia granulomatis_A
s__Oribacterium sp916439225
s__Turicibacter sp002493395
s__UBA1573 sp016794145
s__Faeciplasma sp947631535
s__Ghiorseimicrobium undicola
s__RUG592 sp902773165
s__Sphingomonas sp023445495
s__JAKACX01 sp021821055
s__Corynebacterium sp946221035
s__CANRGO01 sp947630125
s__Akkermansia sp017628435
s__Bradyrhizobium tropiciagri
s__CAG-269 sp948468505
s__JACRBR01 sp021731085
s__Metamycoplasma neophronis
s__Pedobacter frigidisoli
s__Crocosphaera sp030064895
s__Helicobacter_D sp944325475
s__Xylanimonas cellulosilytica
s__CAG-115 sp017461565
s__Corynebacterium sp012837295
s__UBA1140 sp013153055
s__CALVVN01 sp944350345
s__JAIRWN01 sp031263535
s__UBA7584 sp905235475
s__WRHF01 sp009783415
s__Brachybacterium merdigallinarum
s__Spirosoma radiotolerans
s__JAKSBE01 sp022361275
s__Collinsella sp902495355
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031255095
s__JAHFAO01 sp023250515
s__MB11C04 sp002167265
s__Amycolatopsis vastitatis
s__Actinoplanes couchii
s__HIMB100 sp000238815
s__Streptomyces sp018982965
s__JACPZJ01 sp016195585
s__JAUNRT01 sp030535475
s__Kurthia sp018065935
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp913061345
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019747075
s__UBA1711 sp905234695
s__CAG-273 sp947626765
s__JAGOKF01 sp017994695
s__Enteromonas pullicola
s__Wolbachia sp029784595
s__Lachnoclostridium sp015057635
s__Zwartia sp903924715
s__Romboutsia sp018336475
s__UBA7067 sp947632045
s__PALSA-660 sp903831865
s__Alistipes sp017507075
s__JAADID01 sp030596395
s__CAIOTO01 sp947488275
s__UBA3207 sp946414655
s__CALUPD01 sp949296645
s__WOZL01 sp011620305
s__CAILAF01 sp903832075
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp017404065
s__Pelagibacter sp913052435
s__SIG636 sp947628695
s__Fimenecus sp937895645
s__PBB1 sp002255905
s__UBA995 sp003517845
s__UBA1312 sp002307135
s__JAISLQ01 sp031290885
s__PNNG01 sp030682795
s__Lysobacter_C sp021390425
s__Dulcicalothrix sp019359675
s__Arthrobacter oxydans_B
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AZ
s__JACRFY01 sp016212565
s__JAAYUG01 sp012517825
s__Palsa-875 sp025450495
s__JANQMY01 sp028289425
s__PeH17 sp902794055
s__UBA5972 sp020425085
s__UBA6115 sp012728435
s__Arthrobacter_B gandavensis
s__SKVR01 sp007693555
s__Corynebacterium sp946222985
s__SG8-38 sp937998345
s__UBA4372 sp017961145
s__Zafaria cholistanensis
s__Nitrosospira multiformis_A
s__SZUA-6 sp013151965
s__GCA-2708415 sp937931645
s__OLB9 sp029573365
s__Caproicibacter sp023417635
s__Sulfitobacter sp947492925
s__UBA3015 sp010031845
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_C
s__Gilliamella sp029433345
s__YE71 sp947167535
s__UBA11524 sp017481825
s__Pelagibacter sp902545635
s__Nesterenkonia ebinurensis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028993635
s__Pseudomonas_E wenzhouensis
s__SLID01 sp007135805
s__WLJO01 sp947465505
s__WHTR01 sp009377635
s__Planktophila sp903922745
s__JAEZQR01 sp023413015
s__JAHZLQ01 sp022599775
s__CAJVXI01 sp913009635
s__Blautia_A sp017463155
s__M0029 sp006227875
s__Pedobacter sp019752795
s__UBA8904 sp028701435
s__CALDSD01 sp937911325
s__Ottowia sp008017535
s__JACPZX01 sp016195325
s__Planktophila sp937860175
s__CATOSK01 sp951812535
s__CALXAN01 sp944386305
s__Undibacterium flavidum
s__CAG-273 sp947629045
s__GW-Firmicutes-8 sp002840165
s__Actinokineospora iranica
s__Sphingomonas jeddahensis
s__WGA-3G sp003635255
s__JADLBR01 sp029560585
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_G
s__Anaerobacillus sp007120055
s__Paramuribaculum sp017621225
s__Sphingomonas sp021513175
s__Craterilacuibacter caeni
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902526435
s__WQXQ01 sp009784775
s__JAAYBG01 sp028691715
s__UBA5893 sp949294585
s__Rudaea sp018240505
s__Sphingomonas psychrotolerans
s__Lentiprolixibacter sp021295155
s__Methylomarinum sp913056195
s__Fibrobacter sp024398935
s__Spiribacter sp913056385
s__Maricaulis sp002694345
s__Thiogranum sp030618475
s__UBA3207 sp937876465
s__JAIRPC01 sp031266795
s__Streptomyces sp000718775
s__Vibrio qingdaonensis
s__GCA-002840305 sp023229115
s__UBA4466 sp024280295
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946183625
s__SABY01 sp021740425
s__Denitrobaculum tricleocarpae
s__Sulfurovum indicum
s__WRKP01 sp031261125
s__Prevotella sp902760315
s__Verticiella sp937891425
s__JAPUIN01 sp027297005
s__Rhodobaculum breve
s__Sutterella sp905215795
s__Fen-1258 sp012026935
s__Evtepia sp017521345
s__Sulfurimonas sp021157665
s__Yoonia vestfoldensis_A
s__JAFMIX01 sp017853785
s__Villigracilis sp016789345
s__Nitratiruptor sp016593235
s__Polaribacter sp013373105
s__JACJYC01 sp937873655
s__Lepagella sp023665425
s__Jiella mangrovi
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AJ
s__Prevotella sp946405695
s__RUG11864 sp017539125
s__CAKOLN01 sp934101625
s__Lentimonas sp018663485
s__JAIRLF01 sp031270335
s__AC-21 sp005885125
s__Epibacterium sp011806385
s__Succinivibrio sp902772715
s__AG-337-I02 sp902614375
s__JAADEQ01 sp027066355
s__VHCO01 sp016871715
s__JANQFW01 sp028282645
s__Faecivicinus sp015056395
s__UBA3207 sp024413875
s__DDPF01 sp945862275
s__UBA1479 sp028282185
s__JACQVR01 sp016209705
s__Gilvimarinus agarilyticus
s__BM524 sp029933565
s__UPXZ01 sp012837935
s__Lentibacillus siamensis
s__Aurantibacter sp938073895
s__UBA9145 sp951812965
s__Mangrovimonas_A sp030908385
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031260705
s__Evansella sp021208645
s__JAGMAN01 sp030605915
s__UBA3855 sp937901485
s__JANYBV01 sp025360345
s__JAIRNJ01 sp031258115
s__Arthrobacter sp009928425
s__Obscuribacter sp019745415
s__JAJYOP01 sp023227945
s__Lacinutrix sp000934685
s__Rhodococcus opacus_C
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007135935
s__Deinococcus sp002953415
s__GCA-2730555 sp014239685
s__JAKEEP01 sp946886375
s__Bosea sp024655635
s__Undibacterium sp025352365
s__UBA6489 sp947311335
s__Paucimonas sedimenti
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003212625
s__UBA8783 sp026418055
s__UBA953 sp009924965
s__Mobilitalea sp012839085
s__Nocardia sp015354405
s__Roseovarius bejariae
s__JABIPA01 sp018698675
s__Sulfurospirillum sp028705785
s__Eubacterium_T sp902784035
s__Glycomyces amatae
s__G020354645 sp020354645
s__Tannerella sp031267485
s__Mycoplasma_L sp949290735
s__UBA4465 sp913045135
s__JACRDC01 sp020216805
s__Clostridium_AR yunnanense
s__Stenotrophomonas mori
s__JAGPUQ01 sp020847115
s__Vreelandella lutescens
s__Psychrobacter coccoides
s__Bacillus pumilus_M
s__JAEUIA01 sp016795245
s__Sphingomonas sp028289855
s__Ilumatobacter sp022843125
s__Streptococcus suis_T
s__ELB16-189 sp024643595
s__JAHEEL01 sp024640745
s__UBA6857 sp017397845
s__Methylomonas sp030490285
s__Pauljensenia sp903645355
s__Carnimonas nigrificans
s__Mucilaginibacter roseus
s__CAG-269 sp944386365
s__JANXTF01 sp025352565
s__QHVH01 sp003222245
s__JACQXY01 sp016208485
s__Streptomyces rhizosphaerihabitans
s__UBA3077 sp021648225
s__DRLX01 sp024763055
s__JAEZLD01 sp023415335
s__Salinibacter sp003023105
s__Fluviicola sp029266855
s__UBA4951 sp949291655
s__Thioploca sp012032555
s__JAGLYP01 sp023140595
s__Aliterella sp013698215
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902625945
s__UBA952 sp947488235
s__CF-13 sp005881235
s__UBA2834 sp946185175
s__HIMB30 sp913061245
s__JAGUZN01 sp020060775
s__CAG-791 sp905235465
s__Enterousia sp017629245
s__Electronema aureum
s__UBA2199 sp016934745
s__J065 sp003695625
s__JAJYUU01 sp030040815
s__GWA2-66-18 sp903874575
s__JACQDI01 sp016201195
s__Limenecus sp944326535
s__Agromyces aurantiacus
s__JAGVVH01 sp031285725
s__RUG806 sp947168785
s__TMED14 sp913049755
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002165135
s__Algicoccus sp937888805
s__Maritimibacter sp011389895
s__Blochmannia vafer
s__JADFWU01 sp015234045
s__Flavobacterium sp030378165
s__JAAZLT01 sp012799205
s__Pararheinheimera sp025245835
s__WTFV01 sp011523845
s__Methyloceanibacter stevinii
s__Amycolatopsis_C sp009379975
s__SXOA01 sp025459145
s__Arenicella sp022447525
s__JAADDL01 sp027065125
s__RUG14515 sp946409515
s__Butyricicoccus sp020025755
s__SW132 sp007129085
s__Clostridium sp017435645
s__Stigmatella ashevillena
s__RGIG1927 sp017468215
s__Caccovivens sp947591785
s__UBA1774 sp017617795
s__CAG-793 sp948919095
s__RGUW01 sp016882555
s__Brachythrix sp017998555
s__JACVQG01 sp015661045
s__Pseudanabaena sp014696355
s__JAADHD01 sp021648365
s__Azonexus sp002440665
s__Bin18 sp022824615
s__JABMMZ01 sp945871905
s__Prevotella sp021203915
s__Lentilitoribacter sp905479965
s__RF16 sp016282955
s__SZUA-185 sp003228685
s__Vitreimonas sp000974665
s__Muribaculum sp014801235
s__Bacillus_BL sp016841765
s__Lujinxingia litoralis
s__Prauserella sp001942305
s__Halobacteriovorax sp004006665
s__Lacrimispora sp023460575
s__Faecousia sp947625965
s__JAIRKS01 sp031267995
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016787995
s__JAQVQN01 sp028701555
s__Streptococcus sp943736975
s__JABCZZ01 sp013288985
s__Desulfosporosinus fructosivorans
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003138975
s__Flavobacterium daejeonense
s__Pelagibacter sp902560855
s__WRNG01 sp009779655
s__Psychrobacter sp016106655
s__Daejeonella soli
s__JAGHAC01 sp021158195
s__Aristaeella sp017429695
s__JAHCRD01 sp020148085
s__GCA-2746885 sp016699955
s__JAIOTL01 sp021106775
s__Bog-756 sp017883135
s__Aquabacterium_A sp030654555
s__JAEYUG01 sp023432805
s__JAGPHI01 sp018055565
s__CAIKBL01 sp016191285
s__Streptomyces philanthi
s__BACL27 sp014190295
s__Ralstonia sp028871175
s__Pseudaminobacter soli
s__Jeotgalibacillus sp004358665
s__JAALKW01 sp030147855
s__Tenacibaculum_A todarodis
s__GCA-2794515 sp937942935
s__CALKVW01 sp938004785
s__Streptomyces sp002114215
s__JACKEV01 sp020632795
s__PLanc-01 sp016927855
s__UBA6078 sp030655735
s__Campylobacter_B portucalensis
s__CAKMYR01 sp929200175
s__XYD2-FULL-50-16 sp001783695
s__MLS-D sp018433345
s__Leptospira_A ellinghausenii
s__UBA6984 sp905235155
s__Hallerella sp017959225
s__Giesbergeria sp023150295
s__JAJDHH01 sp030266105
s__Lentihominibacter sp946546075
s__CAMZKQ01 sp947311265
s__RUG521 sp017459795
s__Waterburya sp000332195
s__Erythrobacter donghaensis
s__Cellulomonas_A sp024757985
s__Caccenecus sp944358145
s__Collinsella sp934630375
s__CALXFK01 sp944387575
s__JAJFJD01 sp021774335
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp016235775
s__Tagaea sp023653245
s__Vibrio albus
s__CSSED11-302 sp003561815
s__UBA6448 sp934096985
s__JARLHX01 sp031292015
s__Cyanobium sp945877115
s__Agitococcus lubricus
s__Deinococcus taeanensis
s__UMGS1498 sp028694645
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212005
s__Bdellovibrio sp006874645
s__CAG-269 sp944386375
s__Methylobacter luteus
s__JANQHG01 sp028277115
s__T3Sed10-183 sp003567255
s__Actinoplanes consettensis
s__Eubacterium_B sp938049335
s__Chloracidobacterium validum
s__Allorhizobium undicola
s__JAISTY01 sp031272375
s__UMGS1754 sp947167695
s__Nitrospina gracilis_A
s__JAQWNM01 sp029268615
s__UBA4372 sp017548165
s__Marinobacter sp028369065
s__GCA-2730975 sp937893275
s__UBA1081 sp017549665
s__Propionispira raffinosivorans
s__SZUA-582 sp003251015
s__Succinivibrio sp017959135
s__JABWCI01 sp013368515
s__SHAN690 sp913057205
s__Arenimonas sp025356635
s__SFLA01 sp017537345
s__Halomicronema_B hongdechloris
s__Brevundimonas sp030856285
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902589155
s__Desulfobacula sp013151635
s__Sorangium cellulosum_F
s__JAAXHH01 sp022821935
s__JAJYRX01 sp027324645
s__M0103 sp017984635
s__Lutimonas sp021648195
s__Ramlibacter sp028868995
s__JACDCP01 sp013817465
s__UBA2868 sp024691425
s__UBA1081 sp947631945
s__Dysosmobacter sp017380995
s__SORT01 sp022563775
s__WHTI01 sp009377815
s__UBA11370 sp003486645
s__Mycobacterium heraklionense_C
s__Aequorivita capsosiphonis
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023460955
s__Terriglobus_A sp013361705
s__Micromonospora chaiyaphumensis
s__JACDBZ01 sp024636135
s__Alteromonas aestuariivivens
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio hydrargyri
s__Akkermansia sp947585525
s__CAJQKF01 sp905478855
s__Duganella radicis
s__JANXXY01 sp030706405
s__Limivicinus sp030531505
s__JAFGHD01 sp016927695
s__Limivicinus sp902775355
s__Streptomyces caniferus
s__CAIMNN01 sp903842845
s__UBA6382 sp002315195
s__Avelusimicrobium sp030540535
s__UBA927 sp018062625
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944325235
s__UBA6249 sp028712255
s__JADKAF01 sp016719295
s__SIG565 sp015066295
s__RGVT01 sp026401035
s__QOAL01 sp027028245
s__Variovorax paradoxus_M
s__Rummeliibacillus pycnus
s__JAJZGD01 sp022730455
s__Janthinobacterium sp009208565
s__JABMQR01 sp016784705
s__Bilifractor sp000702845
s__Actinokineospora pegani
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946538525
s__JAQTWB01 sp028689495
s__Shewanella sp022321485
s__2-12-FULL-41-13 sp001821615
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli_D
s__Marinicella pacifica
s__Pontibacter chinhatensis
s__Rhodoluna sp017984715
s__UBA1364 sp943350175
s__Faecousia sp017473225
s__UBA2658 sp012729875
s__Vibrio penaeicida_A
s__JAJYJF01 sp021796375
s__JAQBYK01 sp027622635
s__CALWSX01 sp944384285
s__CALDUY01 sp937923405
s__G020351855 sp030608825
s__VYFG01 sp024644945
s__Coraliomargarita_B sp003566795
s__Luteolibacter sp025363295
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius_K
s__Leadbettera sp009781915
s__Faecousia sp017624645
s__Aminipila luticellarii
s__Flavobacterium sp021608265
s__AG-409-P03 sp003215295
s__Mesorhizobium_A sp024699925
s__JAAYUD01 sp012517855
s__Nocardiopsis_A potens
s__Faecisoma sp948801035
s__Amycolatopsis_C sp009377385
s__Onthocola_B sp947624145
s__DUMF01 sp012840015
s__CANMSW01 sp947500275
s__JAILCQ01 sp024679955
s__Elarobacter sp019233415
s__Vampirovibrio sp021323475
s__JACPFJ01 sp015688915
s__Kaistella senegalense
s__S143-145 sp026985835
s__RGIG6639 sp017527495
s__Hymenobacter sp030581075
s__Roseibium sp013373445
s__Marmoricola solisilvae
s__Geopsychrobacter electrodiphilus
s__Onthomonas sp021205375
s__Kitasatospora paracochleata
s__JACRCL01 sp030646655
s__Paeniglutamicibacter antarcticus
s__UM-FILTER-53-9 sp002791805
s__Flavobacterium selenitireducens
s__Prevotella sp024692385
s__RAAP-2 sp003151555
s__CSBR16-119 sp943356745
s__UBA1006 sp030433255
s__UBA8639 sp020355985
s__JAJFMO01 sp020697475
s__Paenibacillus sp927798175
s__CALBDW01 sp937927435
s__JAPYRI01 sp029941135
s__DAOWAQ01 sp030634505
s__Lamprobacter glycolicus
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902538695
s__JADHTD01 sp016776525
s__JADFUQ01 sp030593185
s__SKW25 sp026416975
s__UBA1081 sp017465825
s__JAAOIF01 sp002007405
s__CADEED01 sp023433465
s__JAQGHB01 sp028289045
s__UBA1847 sp030065985
s__JADFVG01 sp030626475
s__TMED80 sp002713885
s__Fodinibius salipaludis
s__Jhaorihella thermophila
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp916720285
s__Vicinibacter sp016710585
s__JAQZBT01 sp029237755
s__WRKW01 sp009785765
s__CAG-791 sp017469935
s__Scybalousia sp947624515
s__UBA4096 sp947441615
s__UMGS1502 sp934617425
s__Spongiactinospora gelatinilytica
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023634765
s__Brevibacterium sp004745075
s__UBA1711 sp017645585
s__Clostridium_AR zeae
s__JAKVBQ01 sp029246705
s__Wenzhouxiangella limi
s__Palsa-1315 sp025361385
s__SLQR01 sp007116205
s__Sphingomonas sp946477935
s__JAJRXR01 sp029260515
s__1XD8-76 sp945949875
s__Ruminococcus_E sp029007475
s__SZUA-370 sp020048755
s__JANJUB01 sp020850325
s__Paludibacter sp017860345
s__CACZYB01 sp014803575
s__UBA8958 sp018056545
s__Frateuria_A sp013362045
s__Botrimarina sp007745835
s__VYFG01 sp030432755
s__M30B66 sp020438185
s__Ancylobacter amanitiformis
s__Bacillus sp014764715
s__UBA1038 sp012513735
s__Lepagella sp017935045
s__Alistipes sp017934845
s__Euzebya pacifica
s__Lactobacillus sp946482465
s__RGIG446 sp017621195
s__Sodaliphilus sp902792895
s__JACPKO01 sp016186985
s__Devosia sp030177755
s__Onthovivens sp946539555
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009799925
s__JAOUHN01 sp029865125
s__UBA1740 sp017463765
s__J065 sp024276295
s__Enterobacter nimipressuralis_A
s__UBA11358 sp003151855
s__UBA2259 sp002419125
s__JAGQIB01 sp020431545
s__JACQFK01 sp016200125
s__MAG-120802 sp016870975
s__JAJDNS01 sp022340545
s__Aestuariimicrobium sp017355265
s__UBA3465 sp020440915
s__VFJR01 sp009885945
s__JAKLDQ01 sp022703425
s__RFSG01 sp009924095
s__Lawsonibacter sp947629775
s__RGEC01 sp947496375
s__Dyella halodurans
s__JACRGR01 sp016212275
s__Algoriphagus kandeliae
s__Desulfosporosinus hippei
s__Pelagibacter_A sp014653545
s__Bacillus_CB alveayuensis
s__VXNE01 sp958296405
s__Akkermansia sp937893015
s__Enemella sp030538175
s__JAENIZ01 sp016198885
s__DAOWGJ01 sp030637505
s__Luteolibacter sp945869855
s__Philodulcilactobacillus myokoensis
s__Nitrospira_D lenta
s__Ruthia sp021730105
s__Gallionella sp022340615
s__JAKPVM01 sp026417275
s__Thiorhodovibrio winogradskyi
s__OLB19 sp019750255
s__UBA738 sp017411265
s__Vreelandella sp001882345
s__SZUA-368 sp003246505
s__Roseobacter sp024639605
s__Agrococcus sp026625845
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus_B
s__Thiomicrorhabdus immobilis
s__Paraneptunicella sp026788005
s__Microbulbifer variabilis_A
s__CAITNO01 sp903893795
s__CAG-115 sp947600065
s__UBA1140 sp027065385
s__Zeimonas sp023954045
s__Allosphingosinicella terrae
s__JACQJI01 sp016198045
s__Collinsella sp902491415
s__RUG410 sp030523245
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000634415
s__UBA1240 sp946406925
s__Collinsella sp938023705
s__RGIG1711 sp024413635
s__RGIG5579 sp017959745
s__RUG11867 sp944350395
s__Sulfurimonas hongkongensis
s__CAKSHP01 sp937892135
s__UBA1062 sp023230665
s__SZUA-474 sp003251775
s__Brachyspira suanatina
s__C7867-001 sp028286525
s__LMDS01 sp030776545
s__UBA4660 sp002405435
s__Blautia_A sp030524175
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_AD
s__CAJOIG01 sp021205095
s__PCC-6303 sp000317435
s__UBA4334 sp016280445
s__JAUWTM01 sp030614715
s__RGIG4079 sp017409345
s__UBA2330 sp018266875
s__Streptomyces sp019303495
s__UBA5704 sp003223675
s__Bradyrhizobium lablabi_C
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp020847445
s__Methylobacillus caricis
s__RUG11788 sp947629655
s__Scatosoma sp017473605
s__B6-G9 sp021647205
s__Parafilimonas sp013286425
s__JAUZPI01 sp030706015
s__UBA4416 sp016194985
s__Sinorhizobium arboris
s__UBA2882 sp022510725
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017519305
s__JABDKJ01 sp013002285
s__JALTDM01 sp027074135
s__JAQBQH01 sp028287105
s__Lentibacillus litoralis
s__Rothia sp030530765
s__Desulfobulbus sp012729435
s__Hominimerdicola alba_D
s__Modicisalibacter sp900961225
s__Limivicinus sp947626315
s__Algicoccus marinus
s__Pontibaca salina
s__DAIDHZ01 sp027451825
s__Gallionella altingense
s__Butyricicoccus sp031293105
s__JABEVK01 sp013043995
s__PUNB01 sp003552565
s__Brevundimonas sp002387245
s__JAADED01 sp027023475
s__UBA1444 sp018434355
s__Sporosarcina sp009651005
s__Lautropia sp023389175
s__UBA5614 sp002424605
s__UBA4246 sp017430225
s__Ruminococcus sp024684275
s__UBA9715 sp017459925
s__DTU089 sp017461235
s__Ferruginibacter sp025361325
s__Cyclobacterium roseum
s__CAOJZZ01 sp948466315
s__JAHISJ01 sp018818205
s__CAIYEO01 sp903925195
s__Flavobacterium sp030152225
s__SHAN690 sp018401875
s__CALMFQ01 sp030917985
s__Uliginosibacterium_A gangwonense_A
s__Amarobacillus sp020847985
s__JAJFFJ01 sp021776685
s__Rhodococcus sp005938745
s__Cryptobacteroides sp021443515
s__Magnetospirillum sp023426365
s__Pseudonocardia sp025869365
s__M55B167 sp018399555
s__Hyphomonas sp913057945
s__JALVVK01 sp027023445
s__Humibacter sp012985205
s__AC2028 sp002317155
s__PLanc-01 sp012517265
s__Desulfobulbus sp030538155
s__QIAJ01 sp025361625
s__Lacibacter sp019747705
s__JAUWNT01 sp030671465
s__CAHJWO01 sp937873255
s__Bin94 sp022823145
s__Roseibacterium sp025515305
s__Leptospira_B neocaledonica
s__RGIG2000 sp017466455
s__CACNYO01 sp902528485
s__JANXAQ01 sp025062105
s__JACKGP01 sp020631935
s__Brevibacterium sp025144725
s__JAAUTT01 sp020048915
s__CALGIY01 sp937914965
s__DTU053 sp012520115
s__Bradyrhizobium rifense
s__CAJJDF01 sp950054195
s__Arcobacter_B roscoffensis
s__Nocardioides perillae
s__UBA1845 sp021604825
s__JACRGW01 sp919902995
s__Sulfitobacter undariae
s__Legionella_C sp016864235
s__Pelagibacter sp902582315
s__JAIPJT01 sp021733985
s__CALMGJ01 sp937863565
s__Pelagibacter sp902592275
s__UBA924 sp019454415
s__JAGHBG01 sp021161105
s__Arthrobacter equi
s__SZUA-318 sp003248075
s__CALAKE01 sp030609765
s__Thiomonas sp028706735
s__AAA536-G10 sp902537945
s__Delta-02 sp028698615
s__JAQULF01 sp028718745
s__UBA1140 sp027081065
s__Natranaerovirga hydrolytica
s__Nonomuraea sp008086045
s__GCA-2732805 sp030429175
s__Pelagibacter sp902539195
s__Streptomyces sp026340465
s__Shinella sp003432075
s__UBA1038 sp002305755
s__FEN-979 sp003142515
s__CAIKLP01 sp030830805
s__Butyrivibrio sp000420825
s__GCA-002691585 sp902603055
s__Pelagibacter sp902586485
s__Sellimonas sp937880845
s__JACOXW01 sp016182205
s__JANYDK01 sp025363655
s__JAJDZL01 sp022824665
s__RUG14515 sp017940265
s__CALBOC01 sp937896705
s__MED-G116 sp902623185
s__UBA1562 sp028706895
s__UBA3855 sp015066865
s__Propionivibrio sp903886975
s__Tardiphaga sp028290355
s__RUG13038 sp947303895
s__JACOVV01 sp016177145
s__PZPK01 sp913020495
s__Amycolatopsis sacchari
s__Gp6-AA45 sp025358945
s__Barnesiella_A sp017481745
s__UBA10103 sp030698935
s__CAMQZB01 sp947039455
s__Paludifilum halophilum
s__UBA11490 sp017453125
s__Caproiciproducens sp002378845
s__UBA3663 sp030526445
s__Corynebacterium oculi
s__UBA8130 sp031256095
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp022867625
s__Streptococcus sp001808705
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905233275
s__C7867-006 sp016202965
s__JAITNM01 sp031290475
s__UBA1227 sp030536195
s__JACPOT01 sp016191385
s__Legionella sp002352055
s__Polaromonas sp030654695
s__WRMH01 sp031281255
s__UBA3439 sp902559985
s__QIAJ01 sp003138955
s__SZUA-259 sp003235465
s__CAKSQF01 sp934486825
s__JAIRLR01 sp031259195
s__SIG452 sp015068645
s__J010 sp003697065
s__Nonomuraea candida
s__CALKZN01 sp938002995
s__SLQH01 sp007131555
s__Palsa-948 sp016213405
s__Gelidibacter salicanalis_A
s__CFX2 sp013821665
s__WQWB01 sp009785555
s__CAITRH01 sp903894755
s__Yimella indica
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp014852005
s__Bifidobacterium pullorum_C
s__Roseibium sp030733265
s__JAFLUQ01 sp947629005
s__BMS3Bbin11 sp013150915
s__Yoonia sp017390475
s__Izhakiella capsodis
s__RGIG2707 sp017417045
s__Eubacterium_R sp934525195
s__UBA3792 sp902768795
s__JAJDAG01 sp029262005
s__Rhodanobacter sp937906285
s__JAADEQ01 sp027022775
s__JAFGFV01 sp016930895
s__Avispirillum sp947643245
s__ETH-SRB1 sp004193555
s__JABMRW01 sp030606505
s__Halodesulfovibrio spirochaetisodalis
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902630915
s__Celeribacter marinus_A
s__QAKW01 sp017436525
s__M0112 sp006227085
s__Flavitalea sp023427575
s__Pelagibacter sp902565325
s__CALHPI01 sp025999335
s__JAPKYS01 sp026394195
s__Nafulsella sp017948555
s__RGIG4140 sp947624545
s__DAOVZK01 sp030635145
s__Andreesenia angusta
s__JAHQVI01 sp019634405
s__Flemingibacterium sp902766575
s__Chitinophaga filiformis_A
s__Nitrospira_A sp021323395
s__SZAS-79 sp016713125
s__Aphodocola sp934122275
s__CAMDBL01 sp945889015
s__Devosia sp000735585
s__JAHJUF01 sp019308705
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016282145
s__Fuerstiella sp024742875
s__Onthomonas sp949283375
s__Fructilactobacillus sp021698855
s__Streptomyces ochraceiscleroticus
s__Rhodococcus sp022554085
s__Amaricoccus macauensis
s__Ferruginibacter sp030831725
s__Aestuariibacter salexigens
s__1-14-2-50-31-20 sp021647785
s__Streptomyces oscitans
s__Mycoplasmopsis_B agassizii_A
s__CAIUWA01 sp945859965
s__JAAYDH01 sp020633795
s__Archangium_A sp937875615
s__Phenylobacterium sp019264505
s__UMGS1613 sp030531425
s__UBA2386 sp947455805
s__JAITXK01 sp031284765
s__ATX-6F1 sp024346315
s__UBA1067 sp017432385
s__Muricauda_A sp021534965
s__Enterousia sp017615655
s__Endozoicomonas atrinae
s__Caccenecus sp023663235
s__Micavibrio aeruginosavorus_C
s__Pelagibacter sp902635865
s__Blattabacterium sp003226855
s__JAHEKZ01 sp024644345
s__Amylibacter sp959347425
s__Gallionella sp016177795
s__Nanosyncoccus sp016286785
s__Moraxella sp030525705
s__Yoonia sp022096995
s__UBA1547 sp014379635
s__Asticcacaulis endophyticus
s__JAFDKF01 sp030613145
s__Actinomarina sp902609285
s__Halocynthiibacter namhaensis
s__WRAD01 sp009784555
s__CSP1-5 sp001443495
s__Providencia alcalifaciens_C
s__Balneola vulgaris
s__G713 sp021107605
s__Listeria costaricensis
s__RF16 sp016295035
s__GCA-2699445 sp029939085
s__JABAQM01 sp019187105
s__Gallionella sp001801105
s__DSOT01 sp001772005
s__Lentimicrobium sp016709025
s__Erythrobacter sp947503155
s__Lentihominibacter sp949287115
s__Winogradskyella sp020166335
s__Phycicoccus duodecadis
s__CAG-269 sp947627605
s__JAUXGL01 sp030622135
s__Brevinema sp947038195
s__Traorella sp944327115
s__JACQLU01 sp016203935
s__Roseibium sp008107755
s__JAGQUL01 sp025964435
s__Urbifossiella sp003136315
s__Faecousia sp017437095
s__Sulfitobacter sp029252045
s__JANQSR01 sp028279205
s__Ruminococcus_C sp949291345
s__Akkermansia sp017517805
s__CAKKPG01 sp919901555
s__GCA-2692065 sp002692065
s__Saccharopolyspora sp029952525
s__Fibrobacter sp024398875
s__Planotetraspora kaengkrachanensis
s__Halioglobus sp013214285
s__GCA-002728855 sp002702405
s__JAADFK01 sp027061805
s__Polaromonas sp000282655
s__Sulfuriferula_A sp013140765
s__Enterovirga sp937872715
s__Gp1-AA145 sp025462735
s__Bulleidia sp937893225
s__Ruthenibacterium sp020025235
s__Arthrobacter_D sp947495145
s__UBA8366 sp002711555
s__Treponema_D sp022510845
s__Dwaynesavagella sp937890765
s__Nocardioides flavus
s__Acetatifactor sp934394515
s__WRFZ01 sp031260045
s__CAKZLM01 sp937126915
s__CACIUL01 sp029940475
s__Desulfuromusa sp002049545
s__AAA536-G10 sp000421325
s__Pandoraea captiosa
s__JAEWQO01 sp023460315
s__RUG410 sp017477035
s__Bulleidia sp017536845
s__CANAAV01 sp947384055
s__SIG644 sp017631215
s__JACQOR01 sp016202435
s__CAG-1000 sp946403755
s__S143-66 sp015494735
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017450585
s__JASBYJ01 sp029984035
s__Angelobacter sp003223515
s__Sphingomonas_G solaris
s__Solimonas variicoloris
s__Eubacterium_R sp017514345
s__Accumulibacter sp016789495
s__Collinsella sp902475375
s__Teretinema sp003245785
s__JAAZBW01 sp012513625
s__UBA6448 sp947631885
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp016867635
s__CAG-269 sp947364715
s__Azotobacter salinestris
s__UBA4720 sp017881465
s__CAG-267 sp949282205
s__Maridesulfovibrio sp030145055
s__VRUF01 sp019456245
s__UBA8403 sp011524725
s__Ilyomonas limi
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009777835
s__Haloferula sp030430455
s__GCA-2705445 sp902595225
s__UBA6688 sp002454845
s__HIMB114 sp902524955
s__UBA2653 sp010030245
s__JALSQW01 sp026985095
s__UBA2521 sp016779685
s__CAJCIW01 sp018240065
s__JAHJUE01 sp018829205
s__Tagaea sp016124335
s__VXYL01 sp021295875
s__Cybelea palsarum
s__QIAJ01 sp020073015
s__Amylibacter sp905181935
s__TMED144 sp002170005
s__JAIBAT01 sp019695055
s__Ruminococcus sp017519415
s__RGIG2000 sp017625275
s__Formosa sp009796865
s__Desulfuromusa sp030639985
s__QPIN01 sp026988155
s__ZYF759 sp012911015
s__Botrimarina hoheduenensis
s__SZUA-582 sp003249255
s__Wujia sp017525525
s__UBA1259 sp017505625
s__WQXQ01 sp031283105
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila_G
s__Flavobacterium sp031277535
s__Chryseobacterium indologenes_G
s__GCA-2746365 sp030637945
s__UBA2862 sp017540445
s__Sulfurimonas sp024762705
s__BB30 sp030491005
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902772755
s__EC70 sp004211885
s__Corynebacterium sp022712195
s__GCA-2699445 sp002699445
s__Oceaniferula sp023301645
s__CAJOOD01 sp905236085
s__Geovibrio thiophilus
s__JALRDG01 sp023257055
s__CAKPEJ01 sp934149325
s__Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus_B
s__RGIG9985 sp017645365
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp945879015
s__Microbacterium murale_A
s__VBAS01 sp023251235
s__Aquibium sp030398385
s__GCA-2708415 sp937923625
s__Chromohalobacter nigrandesensis
s__RUG11783 sp017828855
s__JAJKJG01 sp021154065
s__Stagnihabitans sp016124195
s__Effusibacillus_A dendaii
s__JAAYPV01 sp012519635
s__Homoserinibacter larvae
s__UBA3015 sp945873585
s__UBA1177 sp905233945
s__Spongiactinospora sp029382225
s__JANWZO01 sp025054615
s__GCA-2728255 sp902562525
s__Pseudokineococcus marinus
s__UBA1731 sp024405335
s__Sphingobium sp913773715
s__JAHEDT01 sp024640545
s__Limenecus sp944326515
s__SICP01 sp009691415
s__CAMYCF01 sp947254375
s__Granulicella_C rosea
s__Aureimonas_A sp014380965
s__Enteromonas sp902802365
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882285
s__Kmv39 sp014859065
s__Nitrosomonas sp021774265
s__UBA11865 sp024638855
s__WFWF01 sp027037055
s__UBA1908 sp002337525
s__Defluviilinea sp013388855
s__Sulfitobacter sp006064855
s__Pantoea deserta
s__Paludibacter sp017989795
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_G
s__Aureliella sp020852965
s__JAITOA01 sp031281635
s__Undibacterium rivi
s__UBA2199 sp002335385
s__Microvirga flavescens
s__Lysinibacillus fusiformis_F
s__Mucilaginibacter sp009770985
s__Mangrovicoccus algicola
s__JAIRMY01 sp031265535
s__Pelagibacter sp902624515
s__UBA5951 sp902573725
s__JAMCWS01 sp023480605
s__Mycobacterium sp001665255
s__JAMDCN01 sp023489025
s__C7867-002 sp903900935
s__CAIJXO01 sp903824735
s__PRDV01 sp003174035
s__Paraburkholderia sp000173575
s__Sulfurimonas sp027056525
s__Treponema_D sp017449285
s__Parahaliea mediterranea
s__CAIUMH01 sp947456245
s__Methyloglobulus sp013141505
s__RF16 sp017444065
s__UBA10103 sp016217925
s__UBA12465 sp009885285
s__CANQAG01 sp947588815
s__Mycobacterium sp026723865
s__JAHFEQ01 sp023248395
s__DAIDIO01 sp027459325
s__Scybalousia sp944350365
s__Planktomarina sp943788425
s__JAGUZK01 sp020060845
s__CAG-465 sp947624625
s__CAMYLR01 sp030641505
s__Acerihabitans sp015654745
s__Flexivirga oryzae
s__Fusibacter_A sp002452745
s__SICQ01 sp943354465
s__Marinobacter antarcticus_A
s__C7867-001 sp018062165
s__Geothermobacter_A hydrogeniphilus
s__PLYP01 sp003153395
s__Bacillus_BD benzoevorans
s__Sediminibacterium sp026391435
s__JAGGSQ01 sp021159015
s__SIG200 sp947627915
s__Hominimerdicola sp021770655
s__JACDDX01 sp025929805
s__JAAUQA01 sp012032855
s__Aliiroseovarius sp947497285
s__Polynucleobacter bastaniensis
s__UBA11740 sp003487805
s__Streptomyces bambusae
s__CAKVJS01 sp934754755
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017383945
s__28-57-27 sp020061705
s__JAJPGZ01 sp021325495
s__Sulfidibacter corallicola
s__Rubripirellula sp029977825
s__JALNXF01 sp023230505
s__Kuenenia sp001828295
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031289055
s__Pelagibacter sp902577875
s__JAHELV01 sp019347695
s__LMDS01 sp025351675
s__Geomonas sp023652955
s__Ramlibacter sp023436025
s__JAADII01 sp013151415
s__JAKEEN01 sp022616575
s__JAHZIX01 sp027069135
s__Paeniglutamicibacter psychrophenolicus
s__Palsa-1233 sp937961295
s__GCA-002718515 sp014238785
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902573905
s__Pseudomonas_E graminis
s__Palsa-504 sp030042885
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AY
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp014799665
s__F1-60-MAGs140 sp016872215
s__QWOP01 sp947453375
s__Paracoccus amoyensis
s__UMGS731 sp017451975
s__UBA1127 sp026713825
s__RAAP-2 sp003133005
s__Gallimonas sp947629225
s__Fonticella tunisiensis
s__Vitreimonas sp937967425
s__CAG-269 sp017458285
s__Rubneribacter sp002159915
s__UBA10324 sp014190575
s__UBA1018 sp014378465
s__SZAS-103 sp025355485
s__Rhodococcus sp001426085
s__Porphyromonas sp023396255
s__Treponema_D sp945833725
s__JAFGFR01 sp016930955
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp903847495
s__JADLDI01 sp020846745
s__EB88 sp003858395
s__CAG-710 sp029218465
s__Pseudohongiella sp913058135
s__Psychrobacter sp020024075
s__RGIG4930 sp017477005
s__JACVRW01 sp013813135
s__MEYI01 sp016234725
s__Aureliella sp019636385
s__JAFGBC01 sp016933355
s__SIAQ01 sp009692065
s__RUG14199 sp017445115
s__Aliidiomarina sp020832105
s__Leifsonia cynodontis
s__UBA5266 sp012518765
s__Chimaeribacter sp005491205
s__Ruminococcus sp017475555
s__Winogradskyella sp013213975
s__JACPCL1 sp016210375
s__Flagellimonas eckloniae
s__JAATFO01 sp015655145
s__CALGNO01 sp937995735
s__SZUA-224 sp003229375
s__JAIPGT01 sp021734125
s__Alteromonas sp950073835
s__JACAFF01 sp013388455
s__UBA1217 sp016283175
s__PHOS-HE28 sp937872175
s__Collinsella sp900542715
s__UBA6534 sp016784305
s__CAJXKN01 sp913055585
s__JAIRPN01 sp031265365
s__Stenotrophomonas sp030711595
s__Faecousia sp017481325
s__Aquabacterium_A sp029865965
s__Ferruginibacter sp025352525
s__JAAYZB01 sp937958685
s__Pelagibacter sp902529715
s__Sciscionella sp000737195
s__Methylomonas sp000365425
s__CAIMNF01 sp018969905
s__Shewanella sp947491715
s__CALWPV01 sp947570515
s__Nanosynbacter sp022828375
s__Ruegeria halocynthiae_B
s__CAG-448 sp015063905
s__Cloacimonas sp002425825
s__Pseudanabaena sp014696385
s__Hahella sp028280065
s__Streptomyces sp002910825
s__FEN-979 sp017882335
s__Fen-668 sp017882655
s__CAG-793 sp944392515
s__RUG410 sp902796625
s__Pseudonocardia sp001698125
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014851565
s__JABSRF01 sp013215275
s__JANQJS01 sp028281535
s__RGIG2000 sp017453255
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp016936395
s__Collinsella sp958447445
s__Fimenecus sp944384985
s__VGLT01 sp016866635
s__SHZI01 sp023383735
s__B39-G9 sp003648455
s__Beijerinckia indica
s__JANXAZ01 sp023512415
s__S139-92 sp015484935
s__JAIEOS01 sp019750295
s__Bacteroides sp949300425
s__JAEUMD01 sp020442165
s__Acetobacter estunensis_A
s__UBA2283 sp016188545
s__Pelagibacter sp902588965
s__CAJFPI01 sp944386995
s__Hyalangium gracile
s__Acidoferrum sp003225315
s__Pelagibacter sp902557995
s__Pelagibacter sp902544985
s__RGIG3732 sp905235795
s__Clostridium sp023445445
s__Ch130 sp030627585
s__JAGYKE01 sp018401465
s__JAAXUA01 sp013335665
s__Bradyrhizobium sp017881085
s__Undibacterium sp016200895
s__Legionella sp945952115
s__JALSPZ01 sp027061855
s__UBA636 sp017515475
s__Hylemonella sp002454975
s__AG41 sp003220975
s__UBA5072 sp016938095
s__JABFSN01 sp013140575
s__Nocardia barduliensis
s__RF16 sp946406195
s__NK4A144 sp947170415
s__Acetatifactor sp024699575
s__JACMLX01 sp020851035
s__Thioclava sp016937195
s__RUG14179 sp017537265
s__JAISSU01 sp031272985
s__Thermoanaerobacter kivui
s__T3Sed10-11 sp003560935
s__JAMCZU01 sp023485405
s__Aureibaculum luteum
s__JAJEFO01 sp022820365
s__Opimibacter sp024642665
s__Scalindua sp018648405
s__Anaerocolumna sp023398615
s__S012-90 sp027080545
s__JABDMH01 sp016711125
s__Methylonatrum kenyense
s__JAGVEU01 sp020057985
s__DZBG01 sp022729855
s__Gemmiger_A sp944388245
s__SFMI01 sp902781945
s__Porphyromonas sp927910985
s__Scatovivens sp902492015
s__PHAA01 sp012522705
s__WRKG01 sp009782245
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018449695
s__DYTE01 sp020726135
s__Luteitalea sp023427865
s__Nitrobacter sp018240625
s__AG-337-I02 sp902602695
s__JAAYFT01 sp012519355
s__Sideroxyarcus emersonii
s__Desulfobacca_B sp028695935
s__Dysosmobacter sp944385405
s__JAAYTH01 sp012523785
s__UBA710 sp949293065
s__OLB19 sp934699595
s__JAISGJ01 sp031263105
s__STF2-47 sp028705565
s__Sulfurimonas sp027064045
s__Paracraurococcus sp030657435
s__RGIG7150 sp031276035
s__UBA11490 sp017399265
s__Psychrobacter sp030407815
s__Oceanicaulis satelles
s__Telluria sp030853745
s__Bacillus_BV sp029193815
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216725
s__PFJX01 sp030690985
s__NK4A144 sp902797705
s__Mycobacterium sp019751635
s__WRHT01 sp031275645
s__Pedobacter_B xinjiangensis
s__CACIJG01 sp902574225
s__Streptococcus mitis_DA
s__Neisseria iguanae
s__DT-14 sp022447685
s__Paraburkholderia rhizosphaerae
s__B33-G16 sp013375335
s__Eubacterium_R sp958422185
s__JAJDCH01 sp029260905
s__JACVRW01 sp014534235
s__SKHV01 sp027859005
s__UBA9659 sp002708765
s__CALGLP01 sp937930175
s__JAHFGN01 sp023247415
s__Qipengyuania flava_A
s__PNOJ01 sp013824755
s__Pontibacillus litoralis
s__Paraglaciecola sp937123705
s__Actinoplanes solisilvae
s__Rufibacter latericius
s__ISDg sp017427775
s__JAIRTD01 sp031255115
s__GCA-2753255 sp028282505
s__LMDS01 sp025360945
s__JACQCV01 sp016201425
s__JAUVYV01 sp030602885
s__Thiorhodovibrio sp000228725
s__UBA4372 sp905235285
s__QNDV01 sp003646045
s__Bin5 sp951813625
s__Microbacterium sp015654575
s__JADJWR01 sp016716275
s__UBA2284 sp030012175
s__Rhizobium_D alarense
s__JALZUU01 sp938008185
s__JAISKX01 sp031287095
s__UBA4810 sp016928765
s__Denitratisoma sp007833355
s__Bradyrhizobium sp900109945
s__Halioglobus sp028823475
s__JADJXM01 sp016700195
s__UBA9845 sp905235485
s__Niveispirillum lacus
s__Brevundimonas sp023434265
s__2-01-FULL-59-12 sp001800075
s__Epulopiscium_B sp001983555
s__Egerieousia sp022648545
s__Avelusimicrobium sp949291365
s__S141-66 sp026989045
s__Erythrobacter sp002706445
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp020853575
s__JACPRZ01 sp016193485
s__Mycobacterium tusciae
s__Acidisoma sp019351895
s__RUG099 sp018064645
s__JANELJ01 sp027009375
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp016282095
s__WLWS01 sp024278135
s__Pelagibacter sp902604565
s__Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum_B
s__JAKFXL01 sp021731365
s__UMGS687 sp945921365
s__JAJYUU01 sp030040415
s__GCA-2702655 sp020427145
s__Faeciplasma sp947627875
s__Corynebacterium ulceribovis
s__JABDJL01 sp013002505
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902535255
s__Sulfurovum sp027062365
s__AAA044-D11 sp937876245
s__JABEUT01 sp013289395
s__JALLOG01 sp027717645
s__GCA-1730015 sp937998875
s__SZUA-36 sp003233115
s__Ghiorsea sp026982535
s__SURF-3 sp021162325
s__Pseudolabrys taiwanensis
s__CAMQVF01 sp947040945
s__JACPMK01 sp016186115
s__Phreatobacter sp020161695
s__UBA8473 sp003599365
s__UBA6898 sp002451165
s__CAG-196 sp902803165
s__Thermocrinis sp020833645
s__Acetatifactor sp017473665
s__Pelagibacter sp902516435
s__JAHILZ01 sp030693205
s__Palsa-875 sp955652545
s__CAMQTD01 sp947036995
s__JACVRU01 sp014534295
s__Lacinutrix algicola
s__CAMPKL01 sp946887065
s__AG-463-P14 sp003209275
s__SIG510 sp015067485
s__RUG591 sp947630205
s__Prevotella falsenii
s__Streptococcus oralis_BN
s__Flavobacterium seoulense
s__JAHFSZ01 sp023265515
s__Tenuifilum sp001603415
s__UBA7317 sp028346125
s__Herbidospora galbida
s__TMED48 sp902557735
s__STD2-77 sp028690055
s__UBA866 sp002295325
s__Psychrobacter aestuarii
s__GCA-002728675 sp002714125
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017464765
s__RZYY01 sp009930115
s__Spiribacter curvatus
s__VHCZ01 sp016871535
s__Arsenophonus lipoptenae
s__Pelagibacter sp028095445
s__Bacillus_A sp000383235
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_AE
s__SYFT01 sp016716905
s__SABI01 sp009929055
s__CAIYUC01 sp026391355
s__Tranquillimonas rosea
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947625485
s__Hydrogenophaga sp013823655
s__Gemmata sp016872595
s__Melittangium primigenium
s__JAHFBI01 sp023250095
s__RGIG4694 sp945947715
s__Puia sp018267545
s__JAGVLX01 sp020054065
s__Desulfuromusa sp016744555
s__RUG14300 sp017444385
s__JAQULD01 sp028719045
s__JACKPQ01 sp030433395
s__Microbacterium aoyamense
s__Thiomonas intermedia_B
s__Pseudomonas_E sp943846705
s__UBA1545 sp028714815
s__Tannerella sp031271245
s__Desulfuromusa sp027064785
s__SW10 sp937916505
s__CAIXLI01 sp028708035
s__Liquorilactobacillus capillatus
s__CALREW01 sp943356415
s__JACYMB01 sp015272205
s__JAJFFE01 sp021776775
s__Rhodothermus profundi
s__Marispirochaeta aestuarii
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp031271685
s__CAG-269 sp947168035
s__Roseburia sp934358955
s__Demequina sp024707205
s__UMGS1338 sp017516345
s__SYAC01 sp016872835
s__Trinickia mobilis
s__Hornefia sp938045615
s__Limivicinus sp934589325
s__JAEXNA01 sp023447635
s__IMCC26134_A sp945874545
s__Anaeroplasma sp020024985
s__JAFGJD01 sp016929235
s__Liquorilactobacillus cacaonum
s__UBA6857 sp937901145
s__CAZU01 sp949295475
s__Algoriphagus lacus
s__JADFCW01 sp017161705
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp023419875
s__GCA-2746365 sp030595325
s__Marinisoma sp913045065
s__Helicobacter cetorum_C
s__JAADDL01 sp013153915
s__Denitrobaculum sp947331435
s__JAKQHK01 sp029573015
s__GCA-2402195 sp905479865
s__VFKB01 sp009885755
s__Ruegeria atlantica_E
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016712535
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030651625
s__JALVZP01 sp027064285
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028343315
s__JAGOPY01 sp019429045
s__Propionicimonas sp031268065
s__Aestuariivirga sp020252385
s__Vescimonas sp017549325
s__UBA3282 sp023663465
s__UBA7703 sp023458615
s__Herbiconiux ginsengi
s__QALR01 sp015064845
s__Luteolibacter sp002307065
s__JAKLGA01 sp022710975
s__Eubacterium_I sp934317205
s__RUG11198 sp902766815
s__Palsa-187 sp020073445
s__Wujia sp015057445
s__VBCG01 sp016861105
s__WLMZ01 sp945861025
s__WRFZ01 sp009778655
s__SW10 sp023261045
s__JAIRLF01 sp031264645
s__JAEWYL01 sp023395675
s__Limiplasma sp017516765
s__Wolbachia sp030441635
s__WRMH01 sp009776445
s__Pelagerythrobacter rhizovicinus
s__Pelagibacter sp902588635
s__Reyranella sp026126105
s__JAPKYZ01 sp026394055
s__JAOABC01 sp026418455
s__Tepidamorphus sp023435545
s__Pararhodobacter zhoushanensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas translucida
s__Gemmiger sp944388175
s__RUG13868 sp944332205
s__JANXFM01 sp024959975
s__Pseudorhodoferax aquiterrae
s__UBA1535 sp002323775
s__JAAYJM01 sp012522895
s__JAHFSY01 sp023269615
s__WTXA01 sp024635925
s__Oricola sp022763245
s__UBA11490 sp017553065
s__CAG-882 sp934343915
s__JAAYJT01 sp012522795
s__MS8 sp019192445
s__J085 sp003695085
s__CAG-103 sp902803575
s__Butyrivibrio sp024697225
s__Yoonia sp030731595
s__JABAAW01 sp014238625
s__Gordonia humi
s__Sphingopyxis panaciterrae
s__Luteolibacter sp008932935
s__JADKBO01 sp029567325
s__GCA-2686945 sp937910685
s__Streptomyces sp001279695
s__66-474 sp021325195
s__Azospirillum sp017356015
s__JALZVI01 sp023301015
s__OLB11 sp945878115
s__Pelagibacter sp902520475
s__BS750m-G39 sp016783245
s__Paenibacillus_E oryzisoli
s__JAHDGZ01 sp020631605
s__Exilispira sp020722965
s__Streptomyces xanthii
s__UBA2170 sp002772815
s__Hepatoplasma crinochetorum_A
s__Tepidimonas thermarum
s__SHWA01 sp009693995
s__CALEMW01 sp937910695
s__Kaistia terrae
s__Streptomyces caeruleatus
s__Pontiella sp030621805
s__Flavobacterium sp002862755
s__SZUA-36 sp024277815
s__Anabaena lutea
s__CAG-196 sp944325535
s__S5133MH16 sp030613575
s__Hydrogenivirga sp015490105
s__CAG-269 sp944386415
s__UBA5189 sp016191425
s__Macrococcus_B sp025628935
s__HGM05398 sp024405895
s__CAG-269 sp017511265
s__JALGVR01 sp025774605
s__Haemophilus_E paracuniculus
s__Snodgrassella sp024103515
s__Roseovarius sp003298505
s__SXON01 sp005776735
s__Prado167 sp025459285
s__AG-337-I02 sp902596365
s__JABMMZ01 sp025354385
s__WRKY01 sp031290105
s__JAUWAW01 sp030601865
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp028293725
s__JAFGSB01 sp029561455
s__Methylomirabilis oxyfera_D
s__Pelagibacter sp902602295
s__Croceimicrobium sp018401735
s__Amycolatopsis sp030405835
s__Bifidobacterium aerophilum
s__RGIG3155 sp017440145
s__Gordonia asplenii
s__Pseudomonas sp030462585
s__JAFEAY01 sp018266175
s__JAAUQQ01 sp012032745
s__Terrisporobacter sp017888745
s__SIG483 sp017539885
s__Pseudochelatococcus contaminans
s__GCA-2746795 sp002746795
s__JAJYUU01 sp030041275
s__CATOSD01 sp951812395
s__DYHD01 sp020724365
s__RCC1774 sp003231495
s__SM1-B181 sp018434225
s__JAPLKN01 sp026388075
s__Chitinophaga sp937874145
s__JACDHS01 sp013820875
s__UBA8316 sp002716845
s__SIG565 sp017436255
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp945862215
s__OMSK01 sp015059545
s__1-14-0-10-46-36 sp002772995
s__UMGS755 sp017407515
s__Pulveribacter suum
s__Agrococcus jenensis
s__UBA10281 sp015055505
s__UBA4720 sp002404375
s__Ga0077553 sp945860645
s__JAISID01 sp031262205
s__Anaerococcus sp943908415
s__JAKVCP01 sp022448925
s__Nitrospina watsonii
s__G958296095 sp958296095
s__Eubacterium_G sp902793045
s__UBA1740 sp017500625
s__RUG14156 sp944323195
s__Tenacibaculum sp018456245
s__Lawsonibacter sp944383205
s__Nanosyncoccus sp937924995
s__UBA6107 sp002347485
s__Poriferisodalis sp022827265
s__CFX2 sp022843385
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp902780695
s__JAIOSF01 sp028375605
s__Haloferula muciniphila_A
s__CAG-196 sp017480425
s__B51-G9 sp030596365
s__DAOVQR01 sp030628575
s__Slackia sp934661005
s__Aldehydirespirator sp022824605
s__Palsa-1315 sp030682135
s__JAFDYH01 sp016787105
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028718525
s__AG-337-I02 sp902512325
s__Planococcus maitriensis
s__Paenibacillus tianjinensis
s__CAITIQ01 sp016794345
s__Flavobacterium sp028712645
s__Undibacterium fentianense
s__Streptomyces palmae
s__Onthousia sp029007415
s__01-FULL-45-10b sp016177155
s__SG8-41 sp027310225
s__Propionivibrio sp020047725
s__Aureispira sp022448945
s__WQYD01 sp009781445
s__Rhodohalobacter mucosus
s__RUG12826 sp902783025
s__Ruminococcus sp017517145
s__Goleter apudmare
s__JAHFQJ01 sp023266335
s__Streptomyces sp000154905
s__Flavobacterium sp002001005
s__Paenibacillus peoriae
s__UBA1568 sp023261685
s__JAUNSR01 sp947074245
s__Bifidobacterium sp937874315
s__Nakamurella sp017882715
s__Rhodoferax_C sp005793295
s__Anaerotignum sp030625865
s__Modicisalibacter ilicicola
s__Paracoccus caeni
s__Gleimia sp024814355
s__Propionicimonas sp031119515
s__JAJRST01 sp024278645
s__Dokdonella sp016721015
s__Chitinophaga sp900114995
s__Achromobacter_A sp023427945
s__JAFDKF01 sp030629475
s__JAEZEZ01 sp019695035
s__SZUA-584 sp023441905
s__RGIG3513 sp017408485
s__Terracoccus sp001758225
s__Mesorhizobium sp003997935
s__OLB9 sp014379665
s__Flavobacterium psychroterrae
s__Ventricola sp017469025
s__CALGOY01 sp937960725
s__GCA-001735895 sp022340305
s__JAFGGQ01 sp016930435
s__Streptomyces sp001417735
s__Bin34 sp012271135
s__Opitutus sp023410155
s__PIVW01 sp024224665
s__Thermophilibacter sp949287905
s__Mycobacterium sp022708865
s__CAMLHP01 sp946479805
s__Bdellovibrio sp947449255
s__SYBY01 sp016462625
s__UBA1712 sp946535225
s__JADDRA01 sp030447125
s__JAEUSF01 sp016788665
s__UBA1573 sp016794285
s__Mucilaginibacter sp946479965
s__Anaerococcus sp902465755
s__RUG410 sp017444525
s__Dethiosulfatarculus sandiegensis
s__SCTD01 sp025965735
s__Dinoroseobacter sp030425185
s__Bifidobacterium sp012932445
s__Glaciecola sp002340325
s__JANTGF01 sp029932855
s__AWTP1-30 sp003963225
s__Rothia santali
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae_C
s__HIGHO2-12-38-15 sp016218405
s__GCA-2704625 sp902588585
s__JACKIV01 sp020638285
s__Brevundimonas sp001796045
s__Polaribacter sp947501385
s__Polaribacter irgensii
s__UBA974 sp018700255
s__B33-G16 sp013375385
s__Blautia_A sp937900135
s__Microbacterium kitamiense
s__B33-G16 sp019310745
s__JADJCA01 sp016703425
s__Nardonella sp004296475
s__Yaniella sp002358975
s__UBA7957 sp020444765
s__Bog-1198 sp027459765
s__Chitinophaga cymbidii
s__CAG-465 sp947627255
s__JALUXI01 sp027019045
s__JADZCS01 sp020851435
s__Thermodesulfobacterium thermophilum
s__S017-3 sp027031505
s__Bacteroides sp002293435
s__Marivita hallyeonensis
s__JAGOSP01 sp030916545
s__Dyadobacter psychrotolerans
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031275795
s__SURF-3 sp011390465
s__Zag111 sp937894665
s__UBA919 sp016699775
s__CAIXRL01 sp016215625
s__XYD2-FULL-41-16 sp016873155
s__Thermomicrobium sp025060175
s__JAEUMZ01 sp016790765
s__JAENIS01 sp016844285
s__Treponema_D sp024699205
s__RUG842 sp902773445
s__Erythrobacter sp938009055
s__JAKOVF01 sp016235425
s__Nocardiopsis quinghaiensis
s__Psychrobacter sp021012795
s__Bacillus_D piezotolerans
s__UBA10002 sp030649775
s__SIG452 sp017936745
s__Companilactobacillus keshanensis
s__Flavobacterium frigoris
s__Ruminiclostridium sp029266335
s__SIG598 sp015065695
s__JAPUFC01 sp027492275
s__Streptococcus gallolyticus_B
s__JABFRC01 sp028712225
s__Pseudoflavonifractor_A sp019418525
s__CAIJXB01 sp019745395
s__Novosphingobium sp025356575
s__Gramella portivictoriae
s__AG-337-I02 sp902562275
s__Nocardiopsis nanhaiensis_A
s__Aeromicrobium sp024655735
s__Propioniciclava sp030450535
s__Paucimonas sp018241865
s__UBA6059 sp002435755
s__GCA-002727735 sp913042175
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902550485
s__HGM10766 sp946498375
s__Methyloprofundus sp030627265
s__JAIRKV01 sp031276235
s__Occallatibacter sp030041305
s__RF16 sp024689005
s__Cloacibacterium rupense
s__Holophaga sp002298155
s__Curtobacterium luteum_A
s__UBA9959 sp937870775
s__Porphyromonas_A sp029983505
s__Alistipes sp017555905
s__JAGQQZ01 sp020425915
s__VBGR01 sp955652705
s__Oceanitalea stevensii
s__Larsenimonas salina
s__JANQEB01 sp028278305
s__JADYZU01 sp019454835
s__Henriciella sp913056435
s__JAABRB01 sp027493935
s__RUG369 sp017549085
s__Marinobacter sp014762755
s__DUOL01 sp012838875
s__GAS474 sp900105685
s__CADBNZ01 sp017476405
s__JAJYRX01 sp029267415
s__Silvania hatchlandensis
s__Conservatibacter flavescens
s__Phycorickettsia trachydisci_A
s__Orbus hercynius
s__Actinomyces sp001278845
s__UBA6814 sp023453335
s__AG-414-E02 sp902519445
s__Acidiphilium sp021828605
s__WRMG01 sp009777435
s__JASUTE01 sp030445745
s__SKWV01 sp013697735
s__SCTT01 sp016218495
s__Oligoflexus sp004193325
s__Pseudothioglobus sp913057955
s__39-52-133 sp025408405
s__Lancefieldella sp015259045
s__Arthrobacter globiformis_A
s__JAHEEO01 sp024640665
s__Fibrobacter sp024398815
s__JAJVIH01 sp022072125
s__UBA3054 sp017616555
s__Oribacterium parvum_A
s__JAPLMW01 sp026386845
s__GCA-2705995 sp002705995
s__Pedobacter frigiditerrae
s__Pantoea sp913775175
s__Luminiphilus sp003331685
s__Rhabdochlamydia sp003176115
s__Firm-04 sp017460835
s__Ferruginibacter sp019638485
s__RUG14156 sp944327245
s__Nonomuraea rhizosphaerae
s__OLB5 sp013140565
s__Methylobacterium populi_B
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp021648185
s__Lentihominibacter sp017404365
s__WQXH01 sp031274985
s__Hellea sp020629875
s__SZUA-150 sp003228915
s__MnTg04 sp027297845
s__JAEHDI01 sp016880505
s__UBA9732 sp934277975
s__MED-G116 sp913042065
s__UBA7672 sp002483135
s__Pseudomonas_E taeanensis
s__Nevskia soli_A
s__Micromonospora rosaria
s__Paracoccus sp937859005
s__JAGQUL01 sp025964455
s__GCA-2691245 sp902530985
s__Pararheinheimera sp946482325
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp017883305
s__JAAESX01 sp937915955
s__O2-12-FULL-43-9 sp001798265
s__Tb-RUG-53 sp016287975
s__RUG563 sp017517465
s__CANRGD01 sp947624045
s__Rhodanobacter sp002001045
s__JANWXQ01 sp025056305
s__JAQUUH01 sp028693955
s__14-2 sp946549035
s__S144-51 sp027035575
s__JAPLNA01 sp026693065
s__Rhodoferax_A sp002002705
s__JJ008 sp016872155
s__Streptomyces hilarionis
s__JANSXZ01 sp024742705
s__JAKSRN01 sp030527645
s__B62-G9 sp003645695
s__Erwinia sp007981265
s__Nocardia suismassiliense
s__Coprousia sp944319885
s__Caccovivens sp949292985
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp947478745
s__Actinomycetospora corticicola
s__JALHPC01 sp022842685
s__WGAI01 sp027037615
s__Shewanella metallivivens
s__Prosthecobacter sp025869455
s__UBA2284 sp006226985
s__Nocardioides dokdonensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902615975
s__CAIVAT01 sp026391845
s__UBA4923 sp029570375
s__Igneacidithiobacillus sp030996345
s__Arthrobacter_D sp000520535
s__Bowmanella pacifica
s__UBA2993 sp002716045
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AA
s__R3-B46 sp018435605
s__Novosphingobium sp020446505
s__GWC2-37-13 sp025057905
s__Curtobacterium sp018613895
s__SW4 sp937891785
s__WAJ17 sp030285365
s__Polynucleobacter sp947468785
s__Actinopolyspora mortivallis_A
s__Allosphingosinicella sp023417515
s__Anaerotardibacter sp030537255
s__Streptomyces sp018327685
s__Rhizobium sp009498525
s__JAUSIF01 sp020853885
s__Comamonas sp011752915
s__Erythrobacter sp947492365
s__Sphingobacterium sp017942165
s__Algicoccus daihaiensis
s__SZUA-36 sp029859505
s__Pristimantibacillus radicis
s__RUG11130 sp024404435
s__Arenicella sp937974565
s__Pseudomonas_E psychrophila_A
s__Nanosynbacter sp905373795
s__Robertkochia marina_A
s__Humihabitans oryzae
s__UBA9300 sp011050615
s__CAIYBN01 sp903850505
s__UBA5216 sp016868015
s__Acidovorax sp001422735
s__Clostridium_AK pascui
s__SCMT01 sp013141175
s__Faecousia sp945946745
s__CADDYV01 sp902810695
s__Hanamia sp030853195
s__Subtercola vilae
s__Polynucleobacter victoriensis
s__Butyrivibrio sp017413105
s__UBA6024 sp016788685
s__Pseudofrancisella aestuarii
s__UBA9630 sp027351145
s__CAG-345 sp003497225
s__GCA-2401635 sp030950865
s__UBA9973 sp021413905
s__BRH-c32 sp023230485
s__BOG-931 sp030044555
s__Fen-1039 sp003152995
s__RZYY01 sp014860585
s__Ancylomarina sp016744515
s__Collinsella sp902463875
s__JAAUUE01 sp012031635
s__RGIG5554 sp017507855
s__Anaerotignum sp958420075
s__2-01-FULL-39-19 sp001789725
s__Oribacterium sp934229835
s__BS503 sp018725455
s__Spirosoma sp028288385
s__GCA-2683315 sp002683315
s__20CM-2-55-15 sp003222815
s__Halovulum sp947495795
s__Palsa-948 sp023251675
s__UBA1367 sp902777325
s__JABSOG01 sp938085045
s__Z2-YC6860 sp017304505
s__JAHELU01 sp947259095
s__HTCC2207 sp943788445
s__SKW22 sp026417615
s__BRH-c25 sp017994115
s__Ructibacterium gallinarum
s__RUG13038 sp017404385
s__JAABRB01 sp022340285
s__Methylomirabilis limnetica
s__Pelosinus sp000725345
s__JAKPPS01 sp029547225
s__Hylemonella sp003500955
s__JANWIN01 sp025449905
s__SLHB01 sp007136375
s__JANQGT01 sp028277205
s__MPNO01 sp028820945
s__Anaerotardibacter sp030540085
s__Sphingobium fluviale
s__RGIG2000 sp946061315
s__JAHRHE01 sp020027965
s__Luteibacter sp009912395
s__Palsa-851 sp003131685
s__JADLGL01 sp020849325
s__UBA7868 sp934754445
s__Flavimobilis hominis
s__Erythrobacter sp937899785
s__Qipengyuania sp000181515
s__FEN-1191 sp025359205
s__Pelagibacter sp902607115
s__UBA10281 sp937915565
s__JAJTGZ01 sp030680655
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_W
s__CAG-1000 sp934086315
s__Marmoricola sp025980475
s__JACRAO01 sp016213345
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031261715
s__Mariprofundus sp013387455
s__JAFMJV01 sp017853275
s__RUG334 sp905236865
s__Maribacter_A sp002749285
s__Neobacillus bataviensis
s__Halomonas denitrificans
s__Nocardia higoensis
s__Vibrio mytili
s__Reyranella sp013290035
s__Pelagibacter sp902600245
s__Streptomyces sp026342115
s__Stenotrophomonas_A sp023386795
s__CAJQNM01 sp905479665
s__RGIG1987 sp020024715
s__JAUHXR01 sp030426845
s__Mobilitalea sp015057615
s__Erythrobacter sp938015255
s__Hoeflea sp026619415
s__SW10 sp937928425
s__UBA6107 sp002840715
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_E
s__CALZFJ01 sp946055125
s__RGIG7213 sp017556845
s__BACL21 sp900299425
s__Sphingobium sp000281715
s__AG11 sp028287285
s__Desulfobacter sp022361535
s__Lentimicrobium sp937864935
s__RUG099 sp902801255
s__UBA1762 sp002314755
s__Pelethomonas sp944385715
s__Muribaculum sp019420545
s__JAADHH01 sp013151955
s__BACL14 sp028351715
s__JARDZI01 sp029240935
s__Bacillus_BM salacetis
s__JAOZSB01 sp029939895
s__JAHEXX01 sp023251895
s__RGIG10196 sp024695185
s__GCA-2748055 sp024763595
s__Gottfriedia sp002574545
s__JAVHLY01 sp031081585
s__Nitrospira_D sp024330945
s__Elainella sp012033495
s__Devosia_A sp023393475
s__Paraconexibacter sp025964155
s__Acetatifactor sp947175015
s__DSXH01 sp020724325
s__JALHPA01 sp022842745
s__Tyzzerella sp944384195
s__Gluconobacter vitians
s__UBA9216 sp003454605
s__UBA1219 sp937915785
s__Francisella sp008711465
s__JAGOCV01 sp017998575
s__Flavobacterium kingsejongi
s__Oxalobacter sp016291665
s__RUG721 sp004010535
s__PKWO01 sp019232795
s__CAG-269 sp947367845
s__OFTM371 sp029260165
s__WRFZ01 sp031267615
s__SLGQ01 sp007136595
s__Stercorousia sp947626225
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017549145
s__GCA-002729875 sp021773815
s__Enterousia sp946185785
s__Sulfurimonas crateris_A
s__JAPHQX01 sp029881275
s__Deinococcus aquatilis
s__CALCJD01 sp937960895
s__JAJRYJ01 sp024275795
s__JAHFFM01 sp023247935
s__Janthinobacterium sp020858115
s__JACQGX01 sp016199265
s__UBA636 sp030526485
s__SIG471 sp017547995
s__Eubacterium_Q sp024696635
s__CALGNO01 sp937990185
s__Dysosmobacter sp945948185
s__JAQVLK01 sp028704165
s__IMCC26134_A sp030605125
s__Apilactobacillus sp946481335
s__JAUYIX01 sp030688115
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_CD
s__Leucobacter triazinivorans
s__Alitiscatomonas sp905215775
s__Actinacidiphila sp020400825
s__UBA4096 sp947442115
s__Hanamia sp023251285
s__JAAEKA01 sp029558955
s__JAHEJA01 sp024639125
s__LZORAL124-64-63 sp016744705
s__CAIOAK01 sp027349605
s__Rhodoferax_C sp007279715
s__Endonucleobacter sp028728195
s__JABDRL01 sp016926535
s__OLB19 sp020632135
s__UBA1006 sp022763365
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031283445
s__2-01-FULL-63-20 sp004297215
s__NORP154 sp022572355
s__Amycolatopsis viridis
s__Foliamicus sp951828235
s__GCA-2737665 sp946478675
s__LL51 sp031276935
s__Vibrio sp029016485
s__Cypionkella sp945957495
s__JAFGQA01 sp030593565
s__UBA6382 sp017940605
s__Enterococcus_B huntleyi
s__Mycobacterium sarraceniae
s__Shimia_B sp937995865
s__Brevibacillus sp029240815
s__UBA1756 sp024400785
s__Marivariicella sp029243245
s__Pseudomonas_P matsuisoli
s__Streptomyces boncukensis
s__CAG-269 sp944388725
s__JACMQM01 sp014376985
s__Aedoeadaptatus sp028724185
s__Oliverpabstia sp018374355
s__JAHFQF01 sp023266435
s__Merdousia sp949298545
s__Oceaniferula sp029252325
s__CAIQIC01 sp026398385
s__AR37 sp016179165
s__Lacticaseibacillus absianus
s__Blastococcus capsensis
s__RUG343 sp947168485
s__UBA4473 sp002389285
s__UBA6065 sp030648825
s__BOG-932 sp028291345
s__Tepidamorphus sp905479765
s__Butyrivibrio sp000424145
s__HXMU1420-13 sp017643365
s__Rhodopila sp003506895
s__Geobacter pickeringii
s__JAHCRF01 sp020148025
s__Limenecus sp944323115
s__TMED165 sp002171035
s__Pseudomonas_E sp020515695
s__JALYOK01 sp030856925
s__SICN01 sp009691405
s__CALBZE01 sp937889645
s__Nocardioides thalensis
s__Rheinheimera lutimaris
s__UBA6985 sp024693165
s__CAMOHV01 sp946615275
s__Collinsella sp905214465
s__Saccharomonospora glauca
s__Flavobacterium terrigena
s__VGTJ01 sp016874775
s__JACRGO01 sp016212295
s__AV40 sp003219495
s__CAG-510 sp947174985
s__Advenella sp023422555
s__Collinsella sp018382125
s__JANQJF01 sp028281765
s__Psychroserpens sp947489585
s__CAG-273 sp947632035
s__Leptothoe sp019634055
s__GCA-2716345 sp902533655
s__Aequorivita sublithincola
s__UBA1740 sp017631325
s__WJLA01 sp014728765
s__Collimonas sp900107095
s__Mycetocola_A sp024171565
s__JAIEPX01 sp029777855
s__Pelagibacter sp905612385
s__JAIVHC01 sp028685815
s__GWA2-66-18 sp016204945
s__Thalassococcus_B arenae
s__Lutimonas sp029938265
s__Aceula meridiana
s__Amaricoccus sp003241785
s__JACOVF01 sp016177465
s__Streptomyces antibioticus
s__Maridesulfovibrio sp010470665
s__Streptomyces sp004795255
s__G020353115 sp030605195
s__RGIG6307 sp017516285
s__JJ008 sp029561255
s__Alpha-05 sp027864655
s__RGIG1955 sp017414435
s__Emcibacter nanhaiensis
s__Rhizorhabdus sp946482655
s__WRKB01 sp009778295
s__Nitrosospira sp003050965
s__Paraburkholderia lycopersici
s__CANHPJ01 sp947462515
s__JAJYTG01 sp021777635
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016285175
s__UBA3077 sp002366645
s__Parasynechococcus sp003211235
s__Pontibacillus chungwhensis
s__Methyloprofundus sp013138555
s__CF-46 sp030856145
s__Flavobacterium sp023390775
s__AWTP1-31 sp003962975
s__Rubrivivax sp027489455
s__Prauserella isguenensis
s__Maricaulis alexandrii
s__JAJYVT01 sp030043315
s__UBA2230 sp024230435
s__WRCH01 sp009784115
s__Thioclava electrotropha
s__WQTX01 sp031286165
s__AWVT01 sp945873115
s__CADDZG01 sp902812355
s__Flavobacterium tagetis
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020635655
s__JAUVKA01 sp030592205
s__Polaribacter sp030731625
s__JADFVY01 sp029881615
s__CALDSL01 sp937920255
s__Plantibacter sp030209375
s__Capillimicrobium sp025964175
s__Occallatibacter sp903911925
s__UBA2031 sp003543245
s__JADGNR01 sp020073615
s__Allorhizobium ipomoeae
s__CALAMD01 sp937925695
s__Coproplasma sp947627955
s__JAHISV01 sp018818065
s__JAIOSF01 sp027064245
s__Amylibacter lutimaris
s__Baumannia cicadellinicola_B
s__Roseburia_C sp947564465
s__JAHJAR01 sp018814045
s__Oxalobacter sp030269625
s__Pelagibacter sp900177485
s__Ideonella aquatica
s__UBA7862 sp934725745
s__UBA6092 sp016932955
s__UBA724 sp016780065
s__RUG563 sp902788445
s__UBA1221 sp017542305
s__Methylobacterium sp003201865
s__UBA4372 sp946415695
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004364435
s__JAGNTT01 sp016789035
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017551405
s__Lutibacter maritimus
s__Campylobacter sp002317305
s__RF16 sp946626605
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005889445
s__JABWCE01 sp013359235
s__UBA11704 sp028286645
s__Arthrobacter sp001750145
s__Coprovivens sp016296185
s__JADGQW01 sp017881505
s__GCA-2737665 sp016194975
s__Zoogloea sp937871125
s__UBA6544 sp002716125
s__UBA3637 sp947305835
s__JAIRLM01 sp031268315
s__Streptomyces sp004124325
s__Phenylobacterium sp027489335
s__Micavibrio_A sp963204825
s__Sporolactobacillus mangiferae
s__PWMZ01 sp028717605
s__Collinsella sp958428675
s__JAIRKV01 sp031289895
s__UMGS1820 sp902791425
s__Spyradosoma sp015061905
s__Daejeonella lutea
s__JAODBN01 sp025463965
s__Pseudomonas_E fulgida
s__QWHP01 sp021404985
s__Labilithrix sp937949945
s__UBA1532 sp937902595
s__Novosphingobium sp903858875
s__JACKID01 sp020425515
s__Oscillibacter valericigenes
s__RF16 sp905236355
s__CAG-269 sp947574235
s__Hymenobacter canadensis
s__A373 sp011176685
s__2-02-FULL-67-20 sp001805695
s__Aquilonibacter stordalenmirensis
s__UBA1924 sp029260295
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp029697505
s__MS024-2A sp030828745
s__UBA11320 sp016793885
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp019422905
s__JAFAXH01 sp019241085
s__Symbiothrix sp031261285
s__Rhodoferax sp903920405
s__Aureliella sp028281725
s__JACVCJ01 sp023432985
s__JADGHG01 sp019689585
s__JABFXX01 sp023428295
s__WQXZ01 sp031256575
s__Oceanisphaera sp018222825
s__DSYF01 sp017853715
s__PRS1 sp022560715
s__Streptococcus oralis_BL
s__Nocardioides acrostichi
s__Pelagibacter sp014653355
s__JAUNLX01 sp030532035
s__JAHFGL01 sp023247445
s__JAGONC01 sp028716265
s__Phenylobacterium sp945952175
s__Caulobacter segnis_A
s__RYN-50 sp025463925
s__JANWIG01 sp025449975
s__SAR86A sp902525635
s__JAQICB01 sp027858745
s__WRCC01 sp009782725
s__Deinococcus radiotolerans
s__MVRV01 sp002840565
s__Rhizobium rhizogenes_C
s__Methyloprofundus sp030636485
s__Rhizocola hellebori
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030681365
s__DUSC01 sp012842935
s__Vibrio ouci
s__Nostoc sp015206945
s__Reyranella sp030246845
s__Tokpelaia_A sp003331065
s__JAGVKD01 sp020050795
s__JAFITR01 sp017116025
s__UBA2192 sp002419215
s__JAJDUF01 sp022824545
s__UBA3006 sp029977615
s__Streptococcus sp905221245
s__Marinobacterium_A sp013373085
s__Fimenecus sp945988915
s__Cohnella candidum
s__CAIWVZ01 sp017853435
s__JACQUC01 sp016210495
s__Mesorhizobium_A australicum_A
s__Vibrio sp029958905
s__Maritimibacter sp003520545
s__Profundibacter sp002352425
s__Collinsella sp902494685
s__Kineothrix sp947246015
s__JABEUN01 sp021823045
s__Alkalibacterium sp000585255
s__RGIG665 sp017425245
s__UBA9410 sp014239855
s__CAMAQI01 sp945883905
s__DAOVTR01 sp030633015
s__CAG-269 sp003518755
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp000384935
s__Microbacterium sp025398275
s__Onthousia sp944363705
s__JAFUYI01 sp902795665
s__Aquirickettsiella sp005877695
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp902796445
s__Rhodoferax sp903927495
s__Vagococcus silagei
s__SIG200 sp947626115
s__Psychrobacillus insolitus
s__UBA2450 sp002342545
s__Enterococcus_D sp022711995
s__JAAZLS01 sp012799185
s__JAIRQX01 sp031256375
s__Polaribacter filamentus
s__JAJRWQ01 sp024276735
s__SB3-54 sp027247405
s__SHVT01 sp009694125
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902794125
s__CALCCV01 sp937900305
s__Streptomyces sulphureus
s__UBA4720 sp030948945
s__JAHFQG01 sp023266415
s__DSOT01 sp001770325
s__Petrocella sp024636985
s__Methylobacterium sp022829685
s__21-14-all-40-8 sp002770795
s__Hanamia sp030946565
s__CAJQNM01 sp019634275
s__DTJG01 sp026418655
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031259945
s__Sphingomonas guangdongensis
s__JAAZPG01 sp026393895
s__JAHZEH01 sp019421925
s__Pseudomonas_E fitomaticsae
s__Roseiarcus sp945957375
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946614205
s__Terribacillus sp002271665
s__Spirochaeta_F sp016936555
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514905
s__Marinicella sp947502595
s__Psychrobacter sp030454045
s__Collinsella sp900549745
s__Paenibacillus piscarius
s__Neobacillus niacini
s__Xanthomonas campestris_D
s__Xylanimonas sp031256435
s__JAFEBO01 sp019636555
s__HGM12713 sp017411785
s__UMGS1491 sp934728355
s__JAFUXM01 sp946183145
s__Collinsella sp902494345
s__S012-15 sp015488075
s__Mesorhizobium sp005063415
s__Rhodopila globiformis
s__UBA2033 sp017996175
s__JACRIH01 sp016235885
s__Aerococcus sp030528285
s__RUG13160 sp947302655
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp021442555
s__Pseudomonas_E sp943914515
s__Geomicrobium halophilum
s__Bacteroides sp021204715
s__JAFGNH01 sp030673085
s__Sphingomonas_G profundi
s__Rhodoluna sp937919125
s__FACHB-68 sp014695715
s__SM23-39 sp001303765
s__JALLOL01 sp027717925
s__WH-5701 sp030373145
s__Paenibacillus pabuli_B
s__TMED80 sp913043185
s__Aquirufa sp903837305
s__Avispirillum sp017395885
s__JAAZMI01 sp012798895
s__Pelagibacter sp902553695
s__Mediterraneibacter sp949294665
s__JACPOT01 sp016183435
s__Umboniibacter sp947497555
s__Paracholeplasma sp002423145
s__Desulfobacter sp028768525
s__Paraburkholderia sp026225065
s__Nocardioides sp017354415
s__Collinsella sp958427355
s__Sulfurimonas sp027063295
s__SpSt-205 sp025062295
s__CAJXVA01 sp024742475
s__UMGS1865 sp015064025
s__Marinomonas sp001625355
s__SPDF01 sp004525055
s__JAAYQM01 sp012519315
s__JAHDDA01 sp020628375
s__Patiriisocius sp000170815
s__Labilibaculum sp016760525
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324645
s__Agrobacterium nepotum
s__Acidovorax sp001714725
s__UBA3789 sp017405445
s__JAEYVS01 sp020437585
s__SXOA01 sp022614795
s__Dyadobacter sp021502725
s__ZODW24 sp003344885
s__RUG13868 sp902493795
s__Agathobaculum sp030524205
s__Bacteroides sp902491285
s__Ventrenecus sp947626425
s__JALOTT01 sp025457745
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AE
s__Hyphococcus sp028284345
s__Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio senegalensis
s__Rhodococcus sp012514505
s__CAIYRB01 sp016874735
s__Ga0077527 sp022843705
s__JAGXRH01 sp018335975
s__Flavobacterium sp937967675
s__PALSA-1004 sp016202615
s__Treponema_D sp018064905
s__B13-G15 sp003646705
s__HY158 sp021793935
s__SHVO01 sp947472795
s__Mycobacterium terramassiliense
s__UBA1784 sp017450705
s__DTZC01 sp012961565
s__Treponema_D sp937893155
s__Nitratireductor_D mangrovi
s__Streptococcus marmotae
s__JAKSRN01 sp024403585
s__Sneathiella sp002732675
s__JAIRKH01 sp031284105
s__SLQR01 sp007131405
s__RF16 sp946184695
s__SXQI01 sp025359965
s__CG1-02-41-26 sp028718965
s__JAITBJ01 sp031288095
s__Ruegeria_C sp030758345
s__Roseibium sp003075075
s__JAAUQL01 sp012033595
s__JAJXWB01 sp020638135
s__Chryseobacterium sp011752975
s__Microbacterium nanhaiense
s__Nanogingivalis sp938017895
s__WKFI01 sp014872875
s__Prevotella sp022511055
s__HXMU1428-3 sp028285025
s__NORP294 sp905182175
s__Tidjanibacter sp017648105
s__Pseudogemmobacter sp030052995
s__Avispirillum sp015065395
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_B
s__Kushneria pakistanensis
s__GCA-2731375 sp028824965
s__Collimonas fungivorans_B
s__UBA5078 sp002416505
s__Paenibacillus_Z plantiphilus
s__JAKAHD01 sp021791135
s__RACS-045 sp014799575
s__Desulfobacula sp011390435
s__JADPRS01 sp015686845
s__Casp-alpha2 sp013203955
s__UBA6821 sp009928265
s__Rhodoplanes roseus
s__Hylemonella sp019745555
s__UBA1231 sp002308275
s__JAMCZK01 sp023485685
s__Lepagella sp022510445
s__Campylobacter_A sp004803855
s__JADMIH01 sp030914045
s__SZUA-150 sp913009895
s__WRMQ01 sp031282735
s__Desulfonatronospira sp003551155
s__JABEUN01 sp013044475
s__Azonexus sp011391255
s__Thioclava sp009296265
s__JAGHBZ01 sp021160705
s__Ga0077530 sp023430845
s__WTJY01 sp030065875
s__JAJTIC01 sp021300175
s__Paracoccus sp030604785
s__Nanosynbacter sp938033875
s__Loktanella sp004145405
s__UBA6984 sp934728585
s__Ferruginibacter sp019638575
s__CAJQPC01 sp913060515
s__Acinetobacter sp030152675
s__Rhodopirellula islandica
s__Breznakia sp001695645
s__Gemmiger sp937907025
s__Reinekea marinisedimentorum
s__Guanabacterium sp005223145
s__Vogesella mureinivorans
s__Treponema_D sp947166355
s__UBA10649 sp030645615
s__Bauldia sp020442095
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp023416415
s__RUG12519 sp902798675
s__Cephaloticoccus sp020847775
s__JADZAI01 sp029778105
s__Arcticimaribacter sp030835845
s__JAFIFG01 sp020832135
s__Saccharimonas sp938046115
s__JAAEMP01 sp021648425
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp947631695
s__Actinosynnema sp001984175
s__Francisella uliginis
s__JAUIDW01 sp030428395
s__Scatovivens sp944391975
s__GCA-2711565 sp028280405
s__Flavobacterium sandaracinum
s__Nostoc sp013393905
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli
s__SpSt-150 sp025059775
s__Microbacterium radiodurans
s__Cupriavidus basilensis_E
s__Mycobacterium sp000373905
s__Dokdonella sp029959555
s__JAABTL01 sp011389865
s__UBA6107 sp002428455
s__Marisediminicola antarctica
s__UBA4372 sp017483665
s__Sphingomonas sp947474905
s__CALRET01 sp943356375
s__UBA1711 sp017524785
s__Rivularia sp000316665
s__Hominiventricola sp018376135
s__Fundidesulfovibrio terrae
s__Phil12 sp017480455
s__42-54-T18 sp002402125
s__Ancillula sp031280795
s__RUG14130 sp017648805
s__RECG01 sp018399615
s__JAKLDR01 sp937935355
s__JACRGW01 sp016212195
s__CAKUOV01 sp934645125
s__JABFXX01 sp013696695
s__Dongia mobilis
s__DTU059 sp012842645
s__Aeromicrobium endophyticum
s__Streptomyces sp002551355
s__Treponema_D sp024695625
s__JABHYP01 sp018656855
s__Sulfuricella sp000971475
s__Paenibacillus_Z mendelii
s__JABMQN01 sp018657655
s__Piscinibacter sp937952055
s__UBA2282 sp002345745
s__GCA-014931565 sp014931565
s__Onthoplasma sp934754375
s__Citrobacter_A sp013836145
s__VGBK01 sp025456165
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003331055
s__4484-190-2 sp022013615
s__CALVQX01 sp944358405
s__Sphingomonas aliaeris
s__Regnicoccus sp013203655
s__UMGS1491 sp946410005
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp022690685
s__UBA1275 sp018401935
s__Sphingobacterium cavernae
s__CAG-196 sp944323495
s__Pelethomonas sp949739085
s__NORP309 sp027067055
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003523465
s__JAAZZIT01 sp015066705
s__JAFGDP01 sp016932075
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp021530565
s__JABFXX01 sp013813765
s__4484-171 sp002049895
s__Brachyspira pilosicoli_B
s__WRMU01 sp009776965
s__Halomonas almeriensis
s__JAAZAN01 sp012514315
s__MVQL01 sp002067205
s__Collinsella sp900540975
s__Marinobacter lipolyticus
s__Lientehia sp948470255
s__CAG-245 sp934169535
s__Nanosyncoccus sp938043965
s__Agriterribacter sp020847395
s__CAIYYT01 sp026397575
s__Mobilitalea sp023436765
s__Firm-07 sp015064005
s__Coproplasma sp017624815
s__Tropicimonas marinistellae
s__Limnohabitans_A sp945877725
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_A
s__BS750m-G30 sp016783425
s__UBA10364 sp913060465
s__LD21 sp029547705
s__Brevundimonas sp002479495
s__AG-337-I02 sp902619055
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sacheonensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902604175
s__JAKLIX01 sp026391855
s__Sphingomonas glacialis_A
s__JAIOOX01 sp021414225
s__CAJXNP01 sp913057175
s__Salinicola halimionae
s__UBA10449 sp955652585
s__Erythrobacter xiamenensis
s__Merdivicinus sp944388305
s__Marinifaba aquimaris
s__Frisingicoccus sp958426095
s__JABINZ01 sp016776505
s__Flavobacterium sp012837155
s__CALXUD01 sp944391585
s__Nitricoxidireducens sp027310465
s__Amycolatopsis sp030264295
s__GCA-002708715 sp002691285
s__Adhaeretor mobilis
s__Reyranella sp023386865
s__Hanamia sp030706605
s__Geminicoccus flavidas
s__JALONX01 sp025454695
s__JAPLVJ01 sp026397155
s__CALMUP01 sp937873455
s__JAACFB01 sp030066735
s__Nodosilinea sp023264315
s__CACIJG01 sp902584635
s__Aquisalimonas asiatica
s__Actinoplanes sp012933445
s__JACKBM01 sp020634575
s__CAG-475 sp947383095
s__RUG13868 sp949293285
s__JAHFUI01 sp023265175
s__Croceibacterium sp025450635
s__CAIQQQ01 sp025352665
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp017882245
s__Eubacterium_B sp017437565
s__GCA-2746365 sp024278435
s__WFXD01 sp021773975
s__UBA952 sp003331365
s__BJ22 sp937941455
s__Scatosoma sp017623605
s__TMED23 sp913054205
s__Mycobacterium sp026393245
s__JACQPC01 sp016199215
s__Lactobacillus kalixensis
s__JAPKEZ01 sp029941685
s__Sodaliphilus sp017451225
s__Kordia sp006383075
s__Rubrobacter_F sp020200675
s__WRFU01 sp009778675
s__Flavobacterium daemonense
s__Epibacterium sp947492585
s__Halosaccharopolyspora lacisalsi
s__JAADHX01 sp013151655
s__VMGJ01 sp007376485
s__JAHDWY01 sp020849535
s__Planktophila sp947463335
s__UBA3789 sp902796215
s__Microbacterium sp023421635
s__JACQJN01 sp016205085
s__Pseudonocardia sulfidoxydans
s__CTSoil-043 sp017860675
s__Burkholderia sp003635165
s__Acidithiobacillus_B sp021794385
s__Corynebacterium kalidii
s__Treponema_D sp946407195
s__FEN-1297 sp021790055
s__Thiohalospira halophila
s__SKUL01 sp007695365
s__Emticicia sp027486845
s__J050 sp003696865
s__CHPMRC01 sp017495115
s__CAIXRL01 sp020849095
s__Flavobacterium tegetincola
s__Pelagibacter sp902622655
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp031253495
s__JAGLCY01 sp030592845
s__JAIRKX01 sp031267855
s__UBA737 sp017537365
s__Abditibacterium sp030448265
s__SZUA-36 sp937974465
s__CAIMTB01 sp019634625
s__Falsirhodobacter deserti
s__Leucobacter sp016522535
s__Flavobacterium microcysteis
s__Cybelea tyrphae
s__UBA1435 sp002329385
s__Pseudothioglobus sp905612405
s__UBA1305 sp023411575
s__B16-G9 sp027011095
s__Ruminococcus sp947303535
s__Faecousia sp017378975
s__JAKAIQ01 sp021825035
s__M0040 sp030640215
s__UBA952 sp905182495
s__Mucilaginibacter sp030775685
s__UBA11524 sp017471885
s__Delta-02 sp002067235
s__Lautropia sp023441105
s__Methylopumilus sp016868195
s__GCA-2704625 sp902591045
s__JADGPY01 sp017882205
s__JAFGXE01 sp016936785
s__GCA-002684695 sp902522415
s__Vreelandella sp017515565
s__WQXQ01 sp009788065
s__Hahella chejuensis
s__Flavihumibacter sp018993145
s__Thermosulfurimonas_A sp003978075
s__Thalassobacillus devorans_A
s__SKVS01 sp009991955
s__Spyradosoma sp017531845
s__Galactobacter caseinivorans
s__Neobacillus niacini_G
s__Eubacterium_F sp947591245
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_E
s__GCA-002701945 sp913041075
s__JANTGR01 sp024762875
s__GBS-2 sp001443025
s__Saccharofermentans sp017511005
s__Gallimonas sp947629725
s__ELB16-189 sp022841475
s__Magnetospirillum sp014380005
s__Caulobacter vancanneytii_A
s__SKPH01 sp003562605
s__Desulfosalsimonas sp018224315
s__UMGS1696 sp015064345
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp002299585
s__Peptoniphilus_A sp902465645
s__Saccharofermentans sp947303255
s__UBA1231 sp017409905
s__Ruminococcus sp017418765
s__JACKIG01 sp028281925
s__Collinsella sp019414385
s__Sphingomonas sp014842075
s__Brotaphodocola sp028693165
s__Nanosyncoccus sp937990205
s__UBA2241 sp016933475
s__Desulfatitalea sp003599575
s__Pseudooceanicola sp002210105
s__JAFUXM01 sp905234075
s__GCA-2748055 sp003648635
s__Thermomonas sp028868545
s__Tenderia sp947259785
s__UBA1162 sp002311135
s__VGWY01 sp020062205
s__RPRI01 sp018817425
s__RDYJ01 sp014696825
s__UBA7477 sp947632425
s__Streptomyces sp000720645
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp007694055
s__Aquidulcibacter spiralis
s__Nocardioides sp020715565
s__GCF-002259525 sp031254535
s__JAQURX01 sp028715415
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp026388765
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031267915
s__T1SED10-24 sp003554185
s__CAG-177 sp017552845
s__Methylomarinum sp006844705
s__Acidiferrobacter sp028064935
s__Pelagibacter sp902598485
s__Ruegeria sp019904295
s__Collinsella sp958369225
s__JAIPAN01 sp945875895
s__JAAWPK01 sp948466265
s__Pelagibacter sp902599575
s__HTCC2207 sp024644595
s__Riemerella columbipharyngis
s__Planktotalea arctica
s__Alistipes sp944322375
s__Agromyces rhizosphaerae
s__LMEP-6097 sp947459525
s__Thermoflavifilum sp019683625
s__Streptomyces flavochromogenes
s__UBA10103 sp001783355
s__SW132 sp009909035
s__JAQTSC01 sp028711505
s__Paroceanicella profunda
s__AaIE-18 sp019749895
s__JABDOU01 sp024638625
s__RUG099 sp017434685
s__Palleronia sp947489705
s__Rhodovarius crocodyli
s__JAKAEX01 sp021819805
s__Amylibacter sp019090795
s__Streptococcus sp902373455
s__Gemmatimonas sp025358925
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007117235
s__Bifidobacterium sp949292005
s__JACZRS01 sp022574595
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp018267875
s__Methylotenera_A sp017880905
s__Thermus_A filiformis
s__UBA6197 sp002422085
s__JAHJDO01 sp018812485
s__BLZN01 sp014132315
s__UBA2270 sp002347085
s__Nitrogeniibacter sp027214125
s__UBA952 sp016866375
s__Polymorphobacter_B sp903642255
s__UBA3282 sp021199255
s__Methylonatrum sp007117515
s__Enterococcus_A moelleringii
s__Rouxiella sp009208105
s__JAPUDS01 sp027492975
s__Paraconexibacter sp013695395
s__Roseovarius arcticus
s__JAEXTK01 sp023398155
s__JABMSA01 sp013202185
s__Providencia_A siddallii
s__Foliamicus sp007571315
s__JAUYCD01 sp030692375
s__JAAYUK01 sp012517735
s__JAAYCI01 sp012729855
s__PBB1 sp030654805
s__Devosia sp023433775
s__PALSA-555 sp003140175
s__Aliidiomarina sanyensis
s__GWB2-37-7 sp029256365
s__UBA5893 sp944384405
s__Dysosmobacter sp021771265
s__Polaribacter sp947497695
s__SXKJ01 sp026400935
s__UBA12567 sp022446945
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881965
s__RGIG1693 sp030527165
s__Microvirga terricola
s__Amniculibacterium sp018266955
s__13-2-20CM-68-14 sp030854475
s__Maritalea mediterranea
s__Phenylobacterium sp903892305
s__JACRFR01 sp016212635
s__GCA-2401635 sp026994965
s__JAIDVZ01 sp031266345
s__Lysobacter_A sp021284745
s__JACMQW01 sp018266355
s__JAAZLZ01 sp012522085
s__Campylobacter_A sp905371695
s__Sodaliphilus sp017962285
s__UBA10103 sp001004345
s__Microbulbifer sp003076275
s__JAQBTZ01 sp027624675
s__AC2028 sp016284315
s__Pelagibacter sp902559605
s__Mediterraneibacter merdipullorum
s__JALOTB01 sp025458165
s__Marinobacter sp022014155
s__JAKORR01 sp029777735
s__DSAD01 sp016934135
s__RGIG8002 sp017453725
s__Agriterribacter sp023957155
s__UBA8639 sp937139405
s__QHBW01 sp003244205
s__JAAZNO01 sp026645815
s__Acidocella sp031291755
s__Succinimonas sp902776415
s__JACCTI01 sp030947045
s__GCA-001735895 sp024232855
s__RGIG5644 sp017516065
s__CAIXLI01 sp031291435
s__JACOUT01 sp016177705
s__Roseicyclus sp018401055
s__Egerieousia sp015060225
s__UBA1367 sp902797175
s__JAKSSM01 sp024403065
s__Vibrio sp013114595
s__Litorimonas arctica
s__Hanamia sp018268075
s__Altimarinus sp010119095
s__CAG-698 sp016296945
s__JAPDNP01 sp025989215
s__UBA8515 sp026395965
s__Fen-183 sp016716715
s__UBA4457 sp913047675
s__Ventrenecus sp944350285
s__CADEED01 sp029266835
s__Bacteroides sp948847595
s__Streptacidiphilus carbonis
s__Fusobacterium_B sp019416865
s__JAACSU01 sp024635485
s__JAHJMX01 sp018821175
s__UBA1174 sp023393825
s__DTU089 sp017436285
s__COE1 sp947629525
s__CAMZLN01 sp947311465
s__M1-B18 sp018432235
s__M55B120 sp016932375
s__JAUSHB01 sp030648955
s__Lawsonibacter sp009911595
s__JAAUQL01 sp024643455
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp944325175
s__Clostridium_AD algoriphilum
s__JABXKX01 sp016937975
s__Parapedobacter pyrenivorans
s__Arthrobacter_D sp001422665
s__Dormibacter sp030948155
s__MED-G14 sp902526165
s__PALSA-1337 sp003151615
s__UBA1784 sp017504435
s__Croceitalea sp937969515
s__Stieleria sp014154935
s__JAGLBW01 sp023146545
s__Xiphinematobacter sp001318295
s__Telmatospirillum sp031290545
s__JAGQNO01 sp020428025
s__Thiolinea sp937931765
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000418555
s__Thermus albus
s__WRIV01 sp031283025
s__Caulobacter sp019636175
s__CAG-841 sp902791785
s__CACKTW01 sp902603215
s__RUG591 sp947629135
s__MAG-120802 sp016870795
s__PALSA-968 sp025451115
s__Neolewinella sp004375085
s__PWGR01 sp003551365
s__AG11 sp030852985
s__Burkholderia sp030151225
s__Rhizobium_E sp020441805
s__Methylosinus sp009811655
s__Pelagibacter sp902525565
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946183545
s__CAG-791 sp937877165
s__Streptomyces beihaiensis
s__RUG11788 sp947627525
s__Microbacter sp027450045
s__Thermomonas sp017302095
s__RGIG1993 sp017508605
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688095
s__Hydrogenophaga sp001428625
s__ZC4RG25 sp023384095
s__Pseudohoeflea sp019334345
s__Aquicultor sp030682615
s__UBA3855 sp902796255
s__JAAZIX01 sp012800515
s__Skermanella rosea
s__MGBC120314 sp945938055
s__GCA-020352575 sp020352575
s__Sulfurimonas sp029215975
s__Planktothrix sp001873365
s__Kushneria sinocarnis
s__JAPLNP01 sp026401055
s__Paraburkholderia sp029910215
s__12844 sp902783115
s__Microcoleus sp015207455
s__UBA1174 sp902791965
s__Tichowtungia sp025457785
s__Mariniflexile sp031128465
s__JACOMS01 sp020630275
s__JAHZKS01 sp022600235
s__VXOZ01 sp958295775
s__F1-120-MAGs170 sp009695275
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_H
s__Hydrogenophaga sp011391495
s__Alkalibaculum bacchi_A
s__4572-13 sp002084585
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp013287435
s__UBA5760 sp030640485
s__Halomonas sp029263665
s__WQYW01 sp009781045
s__Dwaynesavagella sp000283555
s__JANQER01 sp028278255
s__RGIG4708 sp017481205
s__JAUWSR01 sp030614685
s__Giesbergeria sp028686475
s__VMCP01 sp023653095
s__Ureibacillus sp017577605
s__Flavobacterium sp947461425
s__GCA-2746365 sp002746365
s__JAGMCL01 sp030606335
s__Microvirga pudoricolor
s__JAQGOH01 sp028293705
s__Shimia sp900537125
s__Psychrobacter cibarius_B
s__Flavobacterium alkalisoli
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp903867185
s__SXSI01 sp027622375
s__UBA6176 sp945873715
s__Streptomyces sp024213665
s__AE-B3B sp030672445
s__CALHZT01 sp938040995
s__Zwartia parapertussis_E
s__SZUA-21 sp027021095
s__Aldersonia kunmingensis
s__Colwellia sp013214175
s__JAEZNF01 sp023441845
s__Pseudooceanicola batsensis
s__Arthrobacter_B gallicola
s__Pelagibacter sp902569405
s__CAIKZZ01 sp025356815
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024691765
s__Citricoccus sp005877055
s__UBA10103 sp002773285
s__Nanosyncoccus sp937876715
s__Thalassobius sp029212905
s__WRGC01 sp031264755
s__JAMCWI01 sp023481335
s__Prevotella sp947165435
s__JJ008 sp016868455
s__UBA2767 sp028066055
s__JADGHK01 sp019686145
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018130385
s__WYBT01 sp937952135
s__Flavipsychrobacter stenotrophus
s__SHWC01 sp945892755
s__UBA9973 sp903894955
s__Shewanella avicenniae
s__JAAUTT01 sp023429135
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp905235825
s__Prosthecobacter sp016713035
s__VGXW01 sp016873195
s__Chryseosolibacter sp029309925
s__Planktophila lacus_D
s__DAIDHZ01 sp027459365
s__JASBUK01 sp030147925
s__WJMG01 sp014728075
s__AC-38 sp005883255
s__JADFKI01 sp022565015
s__SIG32 sp944323365
s__Streptococcus oralis_Z
s__RGIG8482 sp948470025
s__Faecousia sp021200975
s__JAAYTL01 sp012518035
s__Mycobacterium sp008329905
s__Martelella sp028401385
s__Paraburkholderia sp900996235
s__Pseudomonas_E sp022836805
s__Clostridium sp012520205
s__UBA4416 sp021740825
s__Thermodesulfobacterium sp938091335
s__JARXAD01 sp029866025
s__CAG-452 sp017397545
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018596315
s__JAHBVY01 sp020430865
s__Rhodoferax_B sp026400275
s__NBLH01 sp021647685
s__TMED211 sp028407765
s__VAXT01 sp005883245
s__Flocculibacter collagenilyticus
s__SXRF01 sp963205245
s__Planctopirus hydrillae
s__Azospirillum thermophilum
s__CAG-273 sp947625825
s__LD21 sp003162595
s__Ferruginibacter sp023390215
s__Pseudomonas_K aromaticivorans
s__Sulfurovum sp027068485
s__JAUYCY01 sp030692055
s__UBA3077 sp015485375
s__Achromatium palustre
s__Treponema_D sp024402595
s__GCA-2733885 sp029216045
s__Komagataeibacter melaceti
s__Alistipes sp015059955
s__Lentihominibacter sp937966095
s__Pseudomonas_E bohemica
s__M2408 sp947490145
s__JAAYYF01 sp963170125
s__Fen-1467 sp003157575
s__Sphingomonas sp019749955
s__JAGRMX01 sp020441025
s__Caccenecus sp947856335
s__Polaromonas sp016185115
s__Segetibacter sp025963675
s__Casp-actino8 sp005787035
s__UBA8156 sp003456125
s__JAUSJZ01 sp030647115
s__PLA5 sp029259895
s__Colwellia echini
s__Sphingorhabdus_B contaminans
s__Tenacibaculum pelagium
s__JAKVON01 sp022482785
s__CANDYO01 sp025210695
s__Multivorans sp026708285
s__F1-120-MAGs238 sp005776545
s__CAG-245 sp934167095
s__JAAYCX01 sp031271905
s__UBA6145 sp002423205
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans_G
s__SG8-41 sp016177355
s__Alloprevotella sp017628775
s__JAEULC01 sp023266845
s__Corynebacterium sp002339505
s__UMGS1865 sp017386965
s__Coproplasma sp022508265
s__Neobacillus sp001866655
s__JAMBLL01 sp023336765
s__Butyrivibrio sp017445665
s__HGM11501 sp934476235
s__UBA5158 sp002413665
s__Veillonella_A sp015058545
s__Sandaracinus sp903828805
s__JAUWSR01 sp030620655
s__CALXSC01 sp944391005
s__Lentihominibacter sp024403185
s__JACOXV01 sp016182225
s__66-474 sp018241145
s__DAOUUU01 sp030667985
s__Coprovivens sp946407055
s__Promineifilum sp017983515
s__UBA4285 sp902764045
s__Sphingobacterium sp030146225
s__JAALLB01 sp937944075
s__DUMB01 sp012840085
s__Bartonella rattaustraliani
s__Helicobacter_H anseris
s__Alloprevotella sp949297215
s__Lentihominibacter sp030526355
s__Stenotrophomonas sp023399815
s__Faecousia sp017622295
s__JAHDCT01 sp937930555
s__SICN01 sp023245935
s__Franzmannia pantelleriensis
s__Microvirga sp022346925
s__CAG-269 sp951800935
s__Amycolatopsis sp017309385
s__Leptofilum gracile
s__Faecisoma sp944332695
s__Zag111 sp934718135
s__Negativibacillus sp019423755
s__NIES-3974 sp002368395
s__WQYJ01 sp031272805
s__UBA11579 sp003250455
s__Pelethomonas sp021768185
s__Rheinheimera pleomorphica
s__JACNJF01 sp024763505
s__Pseudomarimonas sp026005075
s__Streptomyces sp026340675
s__UBA2334 sp002479815
s__Streptomyces sp022808175
s__Buchnera aphidicola_K
s__Celaenobacter sp021160355
s__BOLD01 sp016861345
s__Epibacterium sp006265095
s__Tersicoccus sp001968825
s__Chryseobacterium sp020911865
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017400135
s__JANBVL01 sp024238995
s__RYN-122 sp025965495
s__Pleomorphomonas sp023721815
s__CADCWF01 sp020847015
s__Silvanigrella paludirubra
s__JAJRXG01 sp028282725
s__CAKQDS01 sp934229535
s__JAIQET01 sp020073645
s__Rubrimentiphilum sp013036315
s__Nanosynbacter sp938041005
s__MB11C04 sp913020695
s__Collinsella sp902491895
s__Villigracilis sp020049345
s__JARGFS01 sp029211095
s__Actinocorallia populi
s__Eubacterium_R sp947624285
s__WRFZ01 sp031272085
s__Agrobacterium sp943908365
s__Rickettsiella_B viridis
s__Nanosynbacter sp905373315
s__JAUSOY01 sp030656615
s__Citrobacter tructae
s__RI-242 sp016125265
s__JAHJTG01 sp018829965
s__CANMYO01 sp947499715
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp021813195
s__JACMIU01 sp014380985
s__RUG521 sp017445225
s__Tepidiforma sp023382755
s__JADZEM01 sp020850535
s__Nocardia anaemiae
s__Dyella_B dinghuensis
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp017745195
s__M30B43 sp018402095
s__Vescimonas sp017408915
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944381125
s__JAGHCC01 sp029933005
s__Granulicella_B arctica
s__GCA-2711925 sp002711925
s__CAG-1000 sp017473105
s__GCA-2707145 sp002707145
s__JAISOF01 sp031278275
s__Chitinophaga sp008086345
s__Pararheinheimera sp937978655
s__Brasilonema sp019359415
s__Prevotella sp946644025
s__JAABTS01 sp011389735
s__Streptomyces smaragdinus
s__Silvanigrella cienkowskii
s__UBA1189 sp017556045
s__Flexifilum sp937988705
s__Marinobacter sp023016045
s__Flexicrinis affinis
s__Caccovivens sp947589615
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031258575
s__Ruminococcus sp017549005
s__RGIG8050 sp017618475
s__Oceanisphaera psychrotolerans
s__Pseudolysinimonas kribbensis
s__Jutongia sp958444395
s__Fulvivirga maritima
s__JAAEMC01 sp024225895
s__Scatosoma sp017468085
s__Dysosmobacter sp026169195
s__Cognatazoarcus sp020445665
s__SM1-73 sp022866585
s__B1 sp945898275
s__Lentihominibacter sp024689085
s__WRBJ01 sp009784355
s__MED-G20 sp002713405
s__UBA1740 sp017462445
s__LiPW-41 sp020059915
s__UMGS1663 sp947599825
s__UBA4644 sp017455565
s__JAADGF01 sp013152545
s__Shewanella aestuarii_A
s__WJJI01 sp014729795
s__RGIG995 sp017623475
s__UBA2475 sp016185125
s__Mycobacterium sp020438845
s__Parabacteroides sp021204335
s__Pseudonocardia sp019468565
s__Idiomarina sp001870515
s__MWH-TA3 sp024639935
s__DGNJ01 sp002388905
s__Acinetobacter sedimenti
s__Planktomarina sp020630015
s__CATQGZ01 sp027624995
s__Photobacterium alginatilyticum
s__Lentihominibacter sp030526925
s__SXZD01 sp005788065
s__JACQLT01 sp016203945
s__Sediminibacillus dalangtanensis
s__JAAYQN01 sp012519285
s__Corynebacterium aquilae
s__Flavobacterium urocaniciphilum
s__UBA737 sp934454845
s__WRGA01 sp031279795
s__Planktophila sp903901905
s__LD21 sp022865305
s__Pedobacter yulinensis
s__Salinimicrobium marinum
s__JAPFGA01 sp026241135
s__UBA5420 sp012520355
s__Bradyrhizobium japonicum_H
s__Nanosynbacter lyticus_A
s__Zwartia parapertussis_C
s__JAJKJG01 sp029266525
s__Polaribacter sp000687935
s__UBA1179 sp902802285
s__Edaphobacillus lindanitolerans
s__Achromobacter pestifer_A
s__JABDCQ01 sp013288075
s__AcAMD-2 sp026392555
s__PWUB01 sp003563755
s__Hominicoprocola sp947307255
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp021740995
s__Gallimonas sp946055105
s__RUG14156 sp017415185
s__Tabrizicola sp016792905
s__Sulfuriroseicoccus sp024636835
s__RUG695 sp017405595
s__Faecousia sp017508045
s__Imhoffiella purpurea
s__Sulfurivirga sp027036095
s__Limimorpha sp947304185
s__Silanimonas lenta
s__RGIG5755 sp017511535
s__RUG11890 sp902773675
s__BPKE01 sp026004975
s__GCA-2686955 sp002686955
s__JAQUPB01 sp029004185
s__Desulfocapsa sp022712895
s__Paenibacillus farraposensis
s__Aquibacillus saliphilus
s__RGIG2161 sp017408535
s__Acetatifactor sp947176785
s__JAIRXA01 sp031268525
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019200975
s__Niabella ginsenosidivorans
s__JADLBA01 sp020848015
s__HIMB100 sp002721775
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030376615
s__Collinsella sp019424965
s__Treponema_D sp017963165
s__TMED27 sp009995045
s__Leucobacter chromiiresistens_A
s__CALJXB01 sp030598385
s__Fen-1247 sp030854055
s__Fluviicola sp029866325
s__GCF-1484045 sp001484045
s__JAUYKD01 sp030700195
s__UBA940 sp002293505
s__UMGS1696 sp015065295
s__Prevotella sp946614175
s__Ancylobacter sp029266425
s__CAG-1000 sp022010095
s__QOAS01 sp026987085
s__JABWCQ01 sp016703065
s__CAIXSE01 sp026392265
s__J134 sp003694205
s__DAOWMW01 sp030592105
s__Ozemobacter sp937998695
s__JANQEJ01 sp028278425
s__SM23-61 sp013388675
s__UBA8612 sp017399065
s__JAAYFG01 sp012728335
s__PNON01 sp013824865
s__CANJJB01 sp947474635
s__Desulfoprunum sp030696435
s__Maribacter_A arenosus
s__Thiopseudomonas sp012728315
s__CAIKXD01 sp963169745
s__JACOVZ01 sp016177065
s__Microterricola pindariensis
s__MGBC133411 sp902495305
s__Elstera litoralis
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902629505
s__JAHEDJ01 sp029210695
s__Pristimantibacillus sp937895345
s__Hominicoprocola sp015068395
s__Kaistia defluvii
s__9FT-COMBO-48-23 sp001795315
s__JAHLLM01 sp020444175
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017459705
s__JAQVVM01 sp028698995
s__JANTFG01 sp024763555
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003156615
s__UBA3006 sp027592925
s__Roseburia sp029012225
s__Proteiniphilum sp003712195
s__Sterolibacterium denitrificans
s__JAUWXV01 sp030616165
s__Pedobacter ureilyticus
s__Pauljensenia sp030460725
s__Sphingopyxis sp001468465
s__LiPW-41 sp007375535
s__Curtobacterium sp003234855
s__UBA2286 sp002345925
s__JAPYTU01 sp029940715
s__JAAZJD01 sp012800525
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp016872795
s__Faecousia sp017501695
s__Limosilactobacillus sp946487795
s__Yoonia sp028822885
s__UBA6022 sp023257145
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905233145
s__Actinophytocola xinjiangensis
s__Microbacterium testaceum_H
s__2-12-FULL-52-36 sp016209685
s__CAG-273 sp905215615
s__Pelagibacter sp902561095
s__JACQVD01 sp016209945
s__Saccharofermentans sp017649745
s__Calidifontibacillus_A oryziterrae
s__Hellea balneolensis
s__Sulfurovum sp026984165
s__Kribbella sp004365875
s__LD21 sp002319915
s__Aestuariivirga sp030680855
s__Planococcus beigongshangi
s__Pelagibacter sp902598655
s__UBA2284 sp024709245
s__Tenacibaculum caenipelagi
s__Mangrovibacterium lignilyticum
s__CAG-269 sp944387525
s__Acinetobacter boissieri
s__Rhizomicrobium sp025361185
s__Pirellula_B sp025459355
s__JAITMY01 sp031268055
s__JALUUO01 sp027021335
s__Ligilactobacillus araffinosus
s__JACDGB01 sp013812245
s__JAUHYY01 sp030426295
s__JACRHZ01 sp016220175
s__Longimonas halophila
s__UBA953 sp016463705
s__Rubrivivax sp011391855
s__PNC22 sp016709445
s__M30B73 sp018401565
s__Mycobacterium sp902826815
s__JASEHZ01 sp030018585
s__M3007 sp022842255
s__CANKVQ01 sp947481115
s__C7867-002 sp028286835
s__RGIG1902 sp947648385
s__Cardiobacterium sp030527905
s__2-01-FULL-44-17 sp016181055
s__2-02-FULL-48-11-A sp001818435
s__Desulfobacula sp021107415
s__Methylobacter_C sp022788635
s__Neoroseomonas terrae
s__Aquabacterium sp028869095
s__Brevibacterium sandarakinum_A
s__Lutimonas sp020347545
s__Nesterenkonia halophila
s__QKMZ01 sp013997645
s__JADJAH01 sp937924675
s__Maribacter_C sp937944485
s__CAIWCR01 sp903911245
s__Rhodopirellula rubra
s__RGIG4131 sp017466865
s__Dinghuibacter sp903970475
s__JAALKR01 sp011087955
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280725
s__Comamonas_E serinivorans
s__Fimenecus sp937920235
s__Pseudolabrys sp026125895
s__Gp6-AA40 sp013140775
s__Bhargavaea cecembensis_A
s__Clostridium_B algifaecis
s__SIG293 sp016282745
s__Anammoxibacter_B sp021777105
s__Geothrix fuzhouensis
s__UBA4372 sp021204545
s__Telluria sp913778765
s__SYLX01 sp005808505
s__CAG-269 sp934168305
s__Mycobacterium sp029977845
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_D
s__JAAYXG01 sp023417315
s__Bullifex sp949285145
s__Salinibacter sp003022435
s__Actinoplanes sp004001265
s__Tabrizicola sp903917595
s__Bog-473 sp027306605
s__RZYO01 sp009930325
s__QNXT01 sp003973505
s__Gp7-AA10 sp003222375
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016719225
s__UBA10103 sp016789445
s__Arthrobacter sp031178585
s__Butyribacter sp017476305
s__Merdousia sp934613645
s__UBA6918 sp021847835
s__Actinacidiphila guanduensis
s__Gemmatimonas sp947457545
s__Rhizobium esperanzae_A
s__Cellulosilyticum sp023393125
s__Sodaliphilus sp021443235
s__PNKF01 sp021413975
s__UBA1568 sp023261695
s__RUG11551 sp017407125
s__Huintestinicola sp023667745
s__Ruminococcus_E sp022511005
s__RBG-13-61-14 sp001797815
s__Fonsibacter sp016882185
s__HGM12619 sp959604355
s__Enterousia sp902771095
s__Bradyrhizobium sp947648125
s__CAG-269 sp017613275
s__Celaenobacter sp014382685
s__JAAYZZ01 sp012514595
s__Scybalousia sp944359075
s__GCA-2712985 sp002938115
s__RI-153 sp016124945
s__GCA-2748055 sp030596245
s__UBA3792 sp017554455
s__Actinocatenispora comari
s__CAAFZY01 sp937920765
s__JAHEKB01 sp024638525
s__RUG11795 sp017941505
s__JAAEKA01 sp014879765
s__JALZMG01 sp030858325
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900580865
s__Halobacillus litoralis_D
s__Flavobacterium sp004293045
s__Sulfurospirillum sp001548035
s__JADLAK01 sp020848275
s__DYLR01 sp020721975
s__Maribacter sp030429835
s__Occallatibacter sp025350325
s__Onthomonas sp021202775
s__Pontimonas sp913063365
s__Pelagibacter sp902539445
s__Collinsella sp937896835
s__Pelagibacter sp905616465
s__Roseibium sp009650605
s__Anabaena sp000332135
s__Methylobacter_A sp030653985
s__Fuerstiella sp014238335
s__Dysosmobacter sp947245315
s__JAEWAH01 sp023458835
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_N
s__Collinsella sp902496335
s__Phosphoribacter sp016710385
s__Aquabacterium_A parapertussis_A
s__Denitrobacterium detoxificans_A
s__UBA4416 sp016708845
s__UBA2862 sp017537105
s__Lapillicoccus sp030947565
s__JACMRP01 sp018266295
s__Microbacterium sp031286555
s__JAAYUK01 sp009773415
s__UBA4372 sp017455585
s__JALNXB01 sp023230585
s__W260 sp913055655
s__Planktophila sp947488635
s__JACPPM01 sp016191015
s__Wolbachia sp031286185
s__JAHDHG01 sp020631435
s__Aquabacter sp013911975
s__Nanosyncoccus sp937958235
s__HGM04593 sp017547205
s__SM23-42 sp020353055
s__JAGVLK01 sp020049835
s__XYB2-FULL-45-11 sp001791715
s__Pelagibacter sp014653365
s__Coprenecus sp002317435
s__Eubacterium_G sp017406925
s__UBA3282 sp947564645
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp029542205
s__JAFGPF01 sp016926115
s__BOG-994 sp003136595
s__Limnohabitans sp018883305
s__UBA1367 sp017460265
s__RAAP-2 sp027451285
s__Streptomyces fagopyri
s__MED-G13 sp002702745
s__Tatumella saanichensis
s__Phaeobacter porticola
s__SUG1495 sp029219205
s__JASLCR01 sp030145955
s__JACRHK01 sp016217625
s__Cycloclasticus sp002101225
s__JACROR01 sp016214345
s__DTU019 sp002402575
s__UBA6810 sp014859685
s__Methylospira mobilis
s__Rhizobium tubonense
s__SM23-62 sp001303955
s__UBA6772 sp905182215
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_T
s__Rhizomicrobium sp937865685
s__Leptothermofonsia sichuanensis
s__JAGXFP01 sp024637225
s__Nanogingivalis sp937930585
s__Mycoplasmopsis lipofaciens
s__Polaromonas sp016868205
s__SSEF01 sp008012175
s__Spirosoma sp006965485
s__B3T1B10 sp027294455
s__UBA3792 sp947168855
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003211955
s__JABGPX01 sp018644745
s__Chiayiivirga flava
s__Streptomyces harenosi
s__JACQSC01 sp016206155
s__JACRNO01 sp016219025
s__Nereida sp021654165
s__WQYJ01 sp009782915
s__Nisaea sediminum
s__Roseibacillus sp030673895
s__JAAYHC01 sp012735535
s__Mycobacterium sp001667035
s__Limadaptatus sp949286725
s__Parachlamydia sp018342475
s__UBA4334 sp024401225
s__Pseudothioglobus sp000372785
s__Fibrobacter sp946405515
s__Palsa-851 sp003135895
s__UBA8612 sp017453685
s__Deinococcus sp030523985
s__JALZWD01 sp023300365
s__Solirhodobacter sp027351005
s__UBA2330 sp016716125
s__UBA1100 sp002718935
s__Mycobacterium sp020181595
s__Asaccharospora irregularis
s__JAVEEJ01 sp030840515
s__RUG12867 sp951801995
s__Rhodococcus_E cavernicola
s__JARFQW01 sp029287575
s__UBA636 sp024681275
s__PWMZ01 sp003559065
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp938041725
s__UBA1550 sp016201355
s__JALEGB01 sp022760355
s__DYSO01 sp020718225
s__Micromonospora sp004348675
s__Alteraurantiacibacter xanthus
s__Limivicinus sp017470325
s__CALHVR01 sp938037005
s__JAHQVV01 sp019634195
s__GWC2-42-7-A sp001831055
s__Caccovivens sp944372365
s__Hymenobacter actinosclerus
s__SZUA-22 sp013151565
s__Sulfurovum sp913055205
s__UBA1413 sp023428545
s__PNOJ01 sp030654305
s__Thalassotalea_A sp007197775
s__Dyella jiangningensis_C
s__Brotaphodocola sp030524245
s__Gluconobacter_C morbifer
s__JAIXQD01 sp027485855
s__Caccenecus sp947625315
s__JAITOE01 sp031290135
s__JAGGVZ01 sp021157735
s__JAHFDX01 sp023248745
s__JAISTP01 sp031289255
s__Rhodoluna sp903927775
s__Flavobacterium sp024642295
s__JADFKB01 sp022565155
s__Campylobacter_B sp937996225
s__DAIDJW01 sp027451185
s__JAHFJU01 sp023245725
s__UBA10364 sp028357285
s__Aquimarina sp018100805
s__JAIOAV01 sp019873665
s__JAOARQ01 sp025210345
s__Lepagella sp905214715
s__JAUYID01 sp030704665
s__66-474 sp004299705
s__CAG-590 sp017470935
s__JANXWW01 sp025359985
s__RUG626 sp017479425
s__Streptomyces sp001298555
s__Neoroseomonas eburnea
s__JAUICQ01 sp030430755
s__Sphingomonas sp001421415
s__2-12-FULL-43-12 sp016207245
s__Promicromonospora iranensis
s__UBA6345 sp017503005
s__UBA1275 sp938091655
s__Aristaeella sp017412715
s__CAJXWH01 sp913062915
s__SKVR01 sp007131245
s__JACQSX01 sp016199665
s__UBA6054 sp002429045
s__UBA5578 sp947588685
s__JACZQL01 sp022545745
s__Nitrospira_A sp013696305
s__Sulfurovum sp019972115
s__UBA11359 sp003455555
s__Cephaloticoccus sp019455245
s__JAGQWW01 sp937924495
s__Zhihengliuella salsuginis
s__GRL18 sp016097415
s__JACRDG01 sp016218715
s__JAITGM01 sp031287285
s__Flavobacterium sp943913405
s__JABHOV01 sp028817775
s__Phormidesmis priestleyi_A
s__Vreelandella malpeensis
s__JACMRA01 sp014376695
s__Cylindrospermum sp014697195
s__Neofamilia sp023418835
s__Turneriella sp963205035
s__Nostoc sp028623165
s__UBA4615 sp027489195
s__UBA6615 sp022449545
s__BNUT01 sp026002595
s__JADFGI01 sp029261595
s__Gluconacetobacter vanlangensis
s__CFX2 sp017303635
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881605
s__UBA7862 sp017403205
s__Lentihominibacter sp002310095
s__RGIG7931 sp017959625
s__JAJZRV01 sp028870615
s__JAJDBU01 sp029261155
s__JAPLLP01 sp026387405
s__Pseudomonas_E brassicacearum_D
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp002483105
s__UBA1924 sp009827215
s__PALSA-1353 sp003153655
s__Treponema_D sp024402535
s__Flavihumibacter sp016787265
s__Dyella_A ginsengisoli
s__UBA2868 sp017526745
s__Desulfovibrio sp944327095
s__Thermomonospora catenispora
s__Polaribacter sp002831685
s__JAJYGY01 sp021790555
s__Micromonospora veneta
s__UMGS1490 sp017629765
s__Prevotella sp958369755
s__JAILFQ01 sp024697505
s__Ancylobacter sp029760895
s__Faecousia sp949293985
s__UBA6114 sp002423435
s__CALWRD01 sp938042265
s__Erythrobacter sp023653175
s__28-57-27 sp020722165
s__M55B165 sp018399435
s__HTCC2207 sp029238255
s__UBA1201 sp017615545
s__JAKLFG01 sp937871295
s__JAEZXW01 sp023419515
s__UBA10329 sp021739625
s__JADLFW01 sp020849615
s__Prevotella sp946405145
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031281465
s__UBA1140 sp014763905
s__Pseudomonas_E sp008369325
s__Sphingobium sp017304105
s__Rhodoluna sp947448845
s__Agriterribacter sp937902875
s__Leucobacter chromiireducens_A
s__Paraburkholderia sp937917025
s__SZAS-18 sp018240025
s__CAG-177 sp937880805
s__JAUIJJ01 sp030431385
s__Actinacidiphila acididurans
s__UBA9214 sp003454335
s__JACOWJ01 sp016176845
s__Anaerovibrio sp028691285
s__CG03 sp002841685
s__Roseburia sp947384095
s__Glycomyces salinus
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans
s__CALMAK01 sp027312225
s__UBA11155 sp003511945
s__Polaribacter litorisediminis
s__JALQTD01 sp030427925
s__UBA4372 sp024680695
s__Luteolibacter sp027487355
s__GMQP-bins7 sp013812465
s__Treponema_D sp017470605
s__Comamonas composti
s__Lancefieldella sp902373375
s__TMED48 sp913044275
s__UBA7477 sp001940995
s__JAHJSA01 sp024637035
s__JACPRK01 sp016213845
s__JAHFOV01 sp023261505
s__Eubacterium_T sp029098205
s__Occallatibacter sp015655365
s__UBA8522 sp016934895
s__Roseburia_C sp017484135
s__CAG-269 sp944393455
s__Wenjunlia tyrosinilytica
s__Caccovivens sp937907645
s__Opi-474 sp028293565
s__Flavobacterium aquaticum
s__Enterousia sp902795435
s__Sporosarcina psychrophila_B
s__UBA11791 sp905612355
s__JALHLQ01 sp022844485
s__Lutibacter sp030692605
s__Bdellovibrio sp019104905
s__AG-12 sp021817025
s__SIG200 sp947629325
s__UBA8316 sp017857815
s__Melghiribacillus sp017656265
s__Sphingomicrobium sp026785645
s__Planococcus soli
s__Xianfuyuplasma coldseepsis
s__JACABE01 sp013377005
s__Leptothoe spongobia
s__Wenzhouxiangella sediminis
s__Palleronia sp947500825
s__Jannaschia formosa
s__UBA5189 sp013822395
s__Wagnerdoeblera sp030656535
s__JACMRP01 sp014376325
s__Arthrobacter sp030410515
s__GCA-2722315 sp020201235
s__UBA4656 sp021299185
s__Gillisia sp000403785
s__Synechococcus_C sp018623675
s__Scatosoma sp017504065
s__CAIUEQ01 sp025359805
s__JADLBZ01 sp020847415
s__Rubrivivax sp022843905
s__Butyrivibrio sp024699075
s__Duganella sp024123955
s__Streptomyces sp018614035
s__JAIRZX01 sp031264045
s__Pelagibacter sp902574345
s__Aestuariivirga sp937873445
s__UBA9634 sp003450815
s__Herbivorax sp012517995
s__JAPLYF01 sp026395675
s__RGIG1927 sp017547445
s__CAIXPF01 sp903921205
s__JAEINQ01 sp016342285
s__Pedomonas sp023427285
s__Novosphingobium aquimarinum
s__JAEZCD01 sp023430145
s__Aquirhabdus sp030150595
s__CALKUN01 sp937996675
s__Janibacter sp946222495
s__Thiomonas sp021815805
s__Hymenobacter arizonensis
s__Leucobacter solipictus
s__RSWP22 sp028276075
s__KBS-96 sp000381625
s__JAJRVH01 sp021545625
s__Liberibacter sp014048425
s__Villigracilis sp013388795
s__Deinococcus hopiensis
s__Arenicella sp937922925
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401695
s__Rubinisphaera sp003503535
s__Vogesella sp027484385
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017561265
s__JACQQY01 sp016206825
s__M3007 sp016711435
s__Deinobacterium chartae
s__RGIG6154 sp017523005
s__Subtercola sp025463765
s__JAUVJM01 sp030596585
s__Alteromonas lutimaris
s__Hydrogenophaga sp946482115
s__PNKF01 sp945869195
s__CAG-873 sp014800815
s__Bradyrhizobium sp003963435
s__Mucilaginibacter sp015223065
s__WRMH01 sp009781515
s__UBA2705 sp002354205
s__Acherontichlamydia sp018239725
s__JACVCA01 sp016742295
s__JACQUR01 sp016210245
s__JAAFJZ01 sp013298205
s__Aliidiomarina minuta
s__JAAZGC01 sp012841635
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp016787165
s__JARIHC01 sp029288485
s__UBA8904 sp022711575
s__LD21 sp026391515
s__Bacillus_AZ mediterraneensis
s__Hanamia hankyongi
s__Ancylobacter sonchi
s__Methylopumilus sp009693175
s__Fen-1039 sp003158495
s__GCA-2715645 sp902529805
s__Corynebacterium sp030530875
s__Blastococcus mobilis
s__JANQPS01 sp028285365
s__Fusibacter_C sp002441045
s__JABDDC01 sp013287815
s__Flavobacterium sp009926065
s__Gordonia sp003797825
s__Aliidiomarina sedimenti
s__SM23-73-3 sp023129805
s__Sulfurimonas sp028714975
s__UBA8612 sp003505905
s__CALBJS01 sp937892995
s__Sphingomonas sp014217605
s__Pseudalkalibacillus sp020524245
s__RUG099 sp017510505
s__Halomonas lysinitropha
s__AM-0621 sp900299185
s__Tenacibaculum sp947499065
s__Sphingomonas psychrolutea
s__JACPAU01 sp022614955
s__JABDJR01 sp013003415
s__Pseudomonas_E pohangensis
s__Ruminiclostridium papyrosolvens_A
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902777275
s__Fen-1039 sp003158875
s__JAJFIJ01 sp021775105
s__RGIG8775 sp017455945
s__JAQBQD01 sp028287185
s__JANWVO01 sp026002855
s__Ottowia sp030538605
s__UBA3633 sp030539055
s__UBA2463 sp945862305
s__JACRBV01 sp016213065
s__JAHDXH01 sp029881675
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017458655
s__Streptomyces sp003933965
s__UBA737 sp944380885
s__Micavibrio sp028290825
s__RUG13868 sp017477845
s__Virgibacillus_F phasianinus
s__Borrelia sp020882015
s__Holospora curviuscula
s__UBA1429 sp002329325
s__Ferruginibacter sp903871575
s__UMGS1663 sp934177725
s__Hyphococcus sp030426465
s__JALGTD01 sp030602615
s__Aristaeella sp017569285
s__Rhodoferax sp009693325
s__Fibrobacter sp947166265
s__JACPNS01 sp016462645
s__JAITRE01 sp031288555
s__Erysipelothrix sp030152625
s__JACOND01 sp026914095
s__Novosphingobium sp903923465
s__JAISGY01 sp031262105
s__Rudaea sp018240765
s__UBA2912 sp902796775
s__JAUVPA01 sp030598905
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp012514255
s__JANYBV01 sp025360605
s__Alpha-05 sp030604885
s__QKMZ01 sp020854255
s__JACJXW01 sp020636315
s__AC-56 sp005884305
s__Psittacicella hinzii
s__PALSA-1004 sp028292435
s__AAA536-G10 sp902517815
s__Pedobacter_B sp017355855
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024402025
s__Desulfuromusa sp016744675
s__JANWYS01 sp025054875
s__GCA-2715565 sp002715565
s__Limiplasma sp016930575
s__JAJFHM01 sp021775615
s__Lacinutrix sp029238095
s__RGVT01 sp009923125
s__JAPLJO01 sp026388515
s__UBA724 sp902619855
s__Acaryochloris sp028285745
s__WQVN01 sp009785795
s__MB1-2 sp030447315
s__Coxiella sp009883795
s__CAUJGQ01 sp963170165
s__JAHBVH01 sp021405325
s__RF16 sp937891975
s__Leadbetterella sp019638185
s__Breoghania sp003432385
s__AG-422-B15 sp902584215
s__JACQCK01 sp016201695
s__JAFIFT01 sp020831865
s__Pelagibacter sp902606115
s__Gracilinema sp020216655
s__Roseilinea sp025056895
s__Flavimaribacter sp017794825
s__JADHLJ01 sp028822575
s__Caballeronia kirkii_B
s__Xenorhabdus lircayensis
s__Zoogloea sp937967645
s__LFER01 sp913031285
s__GCA-2748425 sp002748425
s__Thioglobus_C sp910595805
s__Mesorhizobium sp004963255
s__UBA3291 sp031280545
s__Thermodesulforhabdus norvegica
s__Pseudomonas_E sp017744435
s__J088 sp003695505
s__Prevotella sp017474485
s__Prevotella sp937895845
s__Duganella levis
s__Pelagibacter sp902593285
s__JAIVHC01 sp020201305
s__JADLGL01 sp026126025
s__BOKV01 sp020441855
s__2-12-FULL-42-15 sp001797285
s__Pristimantibacillus paridis
s__Flagellimonas parva
s__Methylobacterium sp019745455
s__UBA6448 sp947598485
s__UBA6154 sp018402075
s__JAIRMO01 sp031282145
s__UBA4417 sp903864265
s__JAAYZI01 sp012514925
s__JALSTP01 sp026983675
s__Pseudochelatococcus lubricantis
s__B68-G9 sp012961755
s__CAMTHN01 sp947510165
s__Limnohabitans sp027488735
s__Prevotella sp946415245
s__JAOAQY01 sp025210965
s__Oribacterium sp024689585
s__Pelagibacter sp028221385
s__Roseovarius sp014359765
s__Caulobacter sp029866155
s__JAUIBG01 sp030428165
s__Rothia sp030529845
s__BOBG01 sp031284085
s__JAIRYU01 sp031279295
s__UBA8131 sp002293265
s__Ramlibacter humi
s__UM-FILTER-50-9 sp002791295
s__YIM-151500 sp025716945
s__Allorhizobium sp027484835
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902615165
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905234285
s__Collinsella sp905215825
s__JAUWFX01 sp030606765
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212375
s__Caccovivens sp949289785
s__Acinetobacter sp000805455
s__Sulfitobacter sp024636475
s__JACRIN01 sp016220085
s__PHAA01 sp002840245
s__Koribacter sp003151155
s__Flavobacterium sp016721735
s__CALWLY01 sp944381635
s__Bacterioplanoides sp022448365
s__UBA1712 sp016290615
s__DAOWHR01 sp030641315
s__Amycolatopsis iheyensis
s__Pelolinea sp002412595
s__SXYR01 sp029269725
s__UBA8950 sp002840685
s__JAFARZ01 sp019245115
s__Vreelandella sp001314875
s__NORP139 sp002401305
s__Pseudoduganella sp946482635
s__Pedococcus sp001428025
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017509895
s__Ancillula sp031268675
s__JALELV01 sp028689635
s__CAMYPB01 sp947285985
s__Pelagibacter sp902590915
s__JAIRMY01 sp031290855
s__JALGVA01 sp029820915
s__Hartigia pinicola
s__Kordia sp022447245
s__CADDYT01 sp902810755
s__CAG-793 sp947628015
s__JASLAT01 sp030146915
s__WRMW01 sp031290775
s__JAOTUR01 sp029863805
s__Acidisoma cellulosilyticum
s__Tunicatimonas pelagia
s__PWOA01 sp003564155
s__Pseudomonas_B sp014190935
s__RUG410 sp947167235
s__Streptomyces sp022347745
s__DYNZ01 sp020720805
s__Streptosporangium minutum
s__Thermus thermamylovorans
s__Flexithrix sp019634305
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017465505
s__JACQVV01 sp016209595
s__Nevskia sp028291645
s__UBA12202 sp023259875
s__Kroppenstedtia sp959600065
s__WLWR01 sp012103495
s__WRFX01 sp009787445
s__Sulfuricella sp019911785
s__SZUA-116 sp003229115
s__JACRDC01 sp016208115
s__RICK02 sp004210275
s__Caccenecus sp948470005
s__Sphingobium sp017304655
s__Gallimonas sp947629575
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947374485
s__Trichlorobacter sp002452325
s__JABDBA01 sp013288885
s__Desulfatitalea sp016218685
s__UBA2270 sp013426795
s__Epilithonimonas sp028736075
s__Phil1 sp023393045
s__MFUC01 sp017992305
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A dokdonensis
s__JAEUMD01 sp937950105
s__CADDZV01 sp902812875
s__AG41 sp003221085
s__UBA6115 sp029548395
s__JAHEKF01 sp024638465
s__WGA-3G sp026706025
s__Scatovivens sp016290095
s__UM-FILTER-42-14 sp009991965
s__JAJFKJ01 sp021773275
s__JAUVZE01 sp030602665
s__Anaeromyxobacter_A sp021784995
s__PHOS-HE28 sp024103275
s__RUG099 sp017432075
s__Oceanicoccus sp913019905
s__Tateyamaria omphalii_B
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_E
s__Gallimonas sp947627565
s__Aldehydirespirator sp028819505
s__Winogradskyella eckloniae
s__Stappia stellulata
s__UBA4372 sp017525235
s__Nitrococcus sp030452265
s__JAUSKZ01 sp030646805
s__UBA3900 sp029781115
s__S012-138 sp024279285
s__Nordella sp005884715
s__Microbacterium sp017355365
s__JACPPR01 sp016190895
s__Kinetoplastibacterium oncopeltii
s__S36-B12 sp027729865
s__Flexifilum sp020849765
s__RUG705 sp017409025
s__JAEWFW01 sp023388635
s__Streptococcus caballi
s__UBA2834 sp946530965
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029839275
s__Nanosyncoccus sp015257505
s__AG-337-I02 sp902560725
s__Paenibacillus_A bouchesdurhonensis
s__Aequorivita sp026646335
s__UBA1850 sp002338525
s__UBA6024 sp025355875
s__JALOMD01 sp030068605
s__RSA11 sp002919115
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288205
s__UBA4421 sp028279305
s__JAFGGG01 sp016930675
s__Desulfobacca sp937958145
s__Halioglobus sediminis
s__Paraburkholderia sp024206475
s__JACQEX01 sp016200345
s__Luteimonas_D sp001683895
s__Psychrobacter sp002863645
s__Corallococcus macrosporus_A
s__UBA6055 sp009841405
s__PALSA-747 sp025355305
s__UBA1067 sp016284515
s__JAGNXB01 sp017985675
s__UBA738 sp015068055
s__SCN-70-22 sp902826615
s__Nitrospira_D sp015903945
s__Alistipes sp017646785
s__RGIG1987 sp017394375
s__Sandaracinomonas limnophila
s__Collinsella sp958353395
s__Pengzhenrongella aerilata
s__Pedococcus sp025936615
s__UBA1179 sp905235565
s__Gallionella sp016218475
s__Litoreibacter sp947501685
s__PALSA-1004 sp025353085
s__QWPT01 sp030054275
s__Peptoniphilus sp027921445
s__Comamonas sp019236485
s__UBA1067 sp017629735
s__UBA2286 sp927439865
s__SIG42 sp015062605
s__Frateuria_B defendens
s__Ructibacterium sp017625185
s__WRKP01 sp031277105
s__ELB16-189 sp019694905
s__UBA9145 sp022566775
s__Alicycliphilus sp018242005
s__UBA636 sp017511325
s__Poseidonibacter antarcticus
s__WQYJ01 sp031254155
s__UBA6627 sp002455955
s__DYMC01 sp020721745
s__RZZM01 sp009929845
s__Akkermansia sp937916135
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp903885445
s__JAISUQ01 sp031272005
s__Oceanicoccus sagamiensis
s__Aquabacterium sp016185075
s__Aquimarina sp011524575
s__JARFQH01 sp029287875
s__Anaeroplasma sp905236105
s__Pseudomonas_E guryensis
s__CAG-269 sp947629085
s__Erwinia piriflorinigrans
s__JASLQE01 sp030744635
s__Peribacillus sp018613325
s__Waterburya sp003003995
s__Pseudaestuariivita sp020629995
s__Sulfurimonas sp011391635
s__Fimivicinus sp949283655
s__Phytoactinopolyspora mesophila
s__UBA1844 sp002338615
s__RF16 sp024400135
s__AG-409-O23 sp003215355
s__CAG-269 sp934167735
s__JAAYJG01 sp023426765
s__Pseudoteredinibacter sp025800365
s__Ancylobacter polymorphus
s__JAFGUQ01 sp016938455
s__Limisphaera sp025057755
s__Coprosoma sp944358675
s__JADZFF01 sp020850015
s__Tenacibaculum sp947501615
s__JAALKW01 sp029210085
s__JACRCK01 sp025454185
s__Desulfotignum phosphitoxidans
s__Leptodesmis sichuanensis
s__DTU059 sp012520855
s__RGIG8482 sp947632535
s__G020343875 sp020343875
s__GN02-873 sp018457335
s__Psychroflexus montanilacus
s__Curtobacterium sp001865015
s__Mucilaginibacter pankratovii
s__JACRMA01 sp020058315
s__Bdellovibrio sp030169785
s__Cryptobacteroides sp949294195
s__JACZVU01 sp019313245
s__Sulfurovum sp028696055
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp026982415
s__Mycobacterium sp025263485
s__Balnearium sp027051905
s__Pseudomonas_E karstica
s__Leptospira_B fluminis
s__RF16 sp017507715
s__GCA-2730555 sp026421215
s__Alistipes sp015059685
s__UBA1844 sp028280615
s__UBA2779 sp029210985
s__JACNIV01 sp030595905
s__QYPT01 sp026392695
s__Deinococcus aerius
s__Aeromicrobium sp023257515
s__DTLA01 sp014874485
s__Erythrobacter sp001296025
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp025963465
s__JAGRAW01 sp020434415
s__Marinobacter sp001752365
s__Bradyrhizobium murdochi
s__RGIG2000 sp015064855
s__Ventricola sp902767305
s__CAIVAT01 sp903903985
s__SLOW01 sp007132315
s__JAITRE01 sp031268405
s__JAOASB01 sp025210375
s__Aequorivita sp002733915
s__RGIG7332 sp017559855
s__Avoscillospira sp017938625
s__Bog-105 sp937859895
s__ER46 sp002304435
s__CETP13 sp001885315
s__NBLH01 sp029933755
s__CAMTHN01 sp947072265
s__CADEER01 sp030430165
s__JAJCYU01 sp029262755
s__UMGS1663 sp944388655
s__Secundilactobacillus mixtipabuli
s__JAFGCT01 sp016932505
s__CAJWAW01 sp913020255
s__Chryseotalea sp001464155
s__UBA1081 sp017531385
s__Mycobacterium moriokaense_B
s__Elioraea sp937995555
s__JAUJOK01 sp030447685
s__JAUNBG01 sp030527205
s__Lentzea nigeriaca
s__Arthrobacter pascens_B
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp022843825
s__AG-337-I02 sp902620285
s__UBA6107 sp937897615
s__Georgenia muralis
s__Rhodophyticola sp004751985
s__RGIG426 sp017959985
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp013204445
s__Mycobacterium ahvazicum
s__Gallimonas sp947627125
s__Lancefieldella sp015258715
s__CAIOIA01 sp903858295
s__CADDYS01 sp902810715
s__Chlamydophila serpentis
s__Nostoc flagelliforme_B
s__Polynucleobacter sp947472645
s__JADFNA01 sp022563625
s__RUG12372 sp947167825
s__JACQYF01 sp016208315
s__JALGWB01 sp025774405
s__Planotetraspora mira
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000426245
s__JACRFQ01 sp016217835
s__RGIG5327 sp017504325
s__OLB17 sp013140875
s__Caccovivens sp947589655
s__Pristimantibacillus sp001956095
s__Neorhizobium smilacinae
s__Hominiventricola sp020860645
s__Aquirufa sp947460975
s__JAITON01 sp031289935
s__Sulfuritalea sp023700805
s__Leadbettera sp031273405
s__Alicyclobacillus acidocaldarius_A
s__Ureibacillus galli
s__GCA-2746255 sp021296325
s__JABDCT01 sp013287985
s__Bog-950 sp026129525
s__Blautia_A sp017515945
s__CAMLLE01 sp946480555
s__Palsa-89 sp003132905
s__Hydrogenimonas urashimensis
s__Nitrospira_D sp016222925
s__Flavobacterium sp030146175
s__Hydrogenimonas sp027067015
s__TMED54 sp004213885
s__Limimorpha sp017439405
s__SP256 sp002713285
s__Alectryocaccobium sp949283905
s__JADLGW01 sp020849105
s__BRH-c54 sp946886085
s__Nevskia sp903970595
s__Methylocystis sp021731565
s__Salegentibacter tibetensis
s__Nitrosophilus_A sp913056105
s__JAFAEM01 sp023429365
s__Variovorax sp030316845
s__UBA8202 sp020722575
s__UBA5536 sp002426795
s__UBA636 sp017431825
s__Veillonella sp915069625
s__S139-169 sp027066795
s__Psychrobacter sp947489525
s__M30B51 sp018401435
s__GCA-2701885 sp002722055
s__RGIG9182 sp017934275
s__RDYZ01 sp937899645
s__UBA7446 sp938092005
s__JAIRLF01 sp031264875
s__DUOC01 sp012839065
s__Gracilinema caldarium_A
s__JAJZWH01 sp021829145
s__JAFGSU01 sp016934435
s__Roseovarius sp913057115
s__JAJRTP01 sp027054335
s__JANLHG01 sp024654575
s__Sporosarcina tadaridae
s__Sulfurimonas sp027063505
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947307355
s__CALMBF01 sp937871715
s__JAJRUR01 sp024277695
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp022511445
s__GCA-2730555 sp027623795
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017477465
s__Frankia sp023242965
s__JAKEHZ01 sp022614735
s__JAFGBB01 sp016933365
s__Brocadia sp015075005
s__Tabrizicola sp963205235
s__Edaphobacter lichenicola_D
s__Pedobacter mendelii
s__UBA6053 sp937127435
s__HGM10857 sp948629335
s__Defluviilinea sp025938055
s__Telluria sp918697865
s__Pelagibacter sp028099475
s__JAFAQI01 sp030840615
s__Syntrophobotulus glycolicus
s__CAIKZD01 sp023261605
s__Pseudolabrys sp005153485
s__UBA5202 sp016235665
s__Phaeodactylibacter sp913057245
s__OLB17 sp003223975
s__Metasolibacillus ndiopicus
s__Endobugula sp020628895
s__Streptomyces griseus_G
s__CAG-269 sp947631385
s__JAUCGE01 sp030377965
s__Pelagibacter sp902604525
s__QPIN01 sp913009265
s__Ammonifex degensii
s__Clostridium_AE oryzae
s__HUN007 sp030539275
s__Litoribrevibacter albus
s__SOKG01 sp030619685
s__MED-G14 sp902586095
s__RUG11857 sp017534705
s__SMWN01 sp022574295
s__Vibrio thalassae
s__Pseudomonas_E sp026810445
s__CV81 sp020446725
s__Williamsia sp002095395
s__Leptobacterium sp009901575
s__Malacoplasma sp029258015
s__UBA7805 sp030605285
s__UBA8687 sp002721515
s__RUG13583 sp017617355
s__Mycobacterium sp018500005
s__Verticiella sp029265335
s__JAACFF01 sp028277515
s__JAJEAD01 sp022824305
s__Roseinatronobacter sp003567315
s__Bu12 sp014896485
s__JAGQOH01 sp020427635
s__JAKAHE01 sp027328825
s__Brachyspira hampsonii_B
s__Rubrobacter_D sp030447045
s__Cryptobacteroides sp937890845
s__Streptomyces sp008042045
s__Micromonospora sp023896955
s__Polynucleobacter parvulilacunae
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947585745
s__Shimia sp900143615
s__VKGY01 sp008080685
s__Phenylobacterium sp028698405
s__Bifidobacterium jacchi
s__JADFWA01 sp015222855
s__Faecivicinus sp024404395
s__Manganitrophus sp004297235
s__Nanosyncoccus sp024699125
s__Chitinophaga sp937898475
s__UBA2813 sp902765655
s__UBA9464 sp017302195
s__Desulfopila flagellata
s__Aequorivita sp937125455
s__JAPLCW01 sp026392015
s__CACZYB01 sp014803545
s__UBA10103 sp016214605
s__Gp13-AA77 sp030038235
s__JAIRKW01 sp031263195
s__JAJPHJ01 sp021325335
s__Tractidigestivibacter sp900605015
s__JAGTVB01 sp018224385
s__JAGNXB01 sp030429045
s__JAFGRV01 sp016935735
s__Ornithinicoccus_A halotolerans
s__Caedibacter taeniospiralis
s__E26-bin7 sp029933115
s__VGZX01 sp016872415
s__Ruminococcus sp014799765
s__Albimonas pacifica
s__JAFSEX01 sp017435465
s__Maribacter sp029350975
s__Mucilaginibacter pallidiroseus
s__UBA3006 sp023263695
s__PNOM01 sp013824835
s__Vulcanococcus sp010029175
s__Luminiphilus sp029242325
s__Vescimonas sp020025275
s__REBR01 sp007692645
s__NaphS2 sp018644785
s__UBA1067 sp934675625
s__Onthocola_B sp947628585
s__C7867-006 sp026394815
s__JAQICX01 sp027858345
s__Odoribacter sp934725835
s__Neofamilia sp012728775
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023391875
s__Bacteroides sp947074275
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp017304275
s__JANFMV01 sp024385575
s__Sulfurimonas indica
s__JABDQW01 sp021768055
s__Pseudorhodoferax sp001422445
s__UBA6857 sp017472225
s__JANEMG01 sp024276805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030698175
s__Kineothrix sp947385425
s__RGIG1899 sp017536365
s__Mycoplasma_K sp013215715
s__JAEYSJ01 sp023434855
s__Bosea sp900185715
s__CAG-1000 sp946402735
s__Streptomyces montanisoli
s__UBA8202 sp029974835
s__UBA11524 sp015056155
s__Naka2016 sp026416955
s__28-YEA-48 sp947456505
s__UBA1740 sp017397205
s__Faecivicinus sp944353735
s__JAKLIP01 sp022709565
s__Bradyrhizobium sp026125985
s__JAKLIH01 sp022705625
s__Pelagibacter sp902635665
s__JAHHHE01 sp019359535
s__JAJFMG01 sp021772295
s__JACQUK01 sp016210325
s__Phenylobacterium sp030697305
s__JACQFZ01 sp016199745
s__Jeotgalibacillus terrae
s__Collinsella sp902489775
s__JAAFHZ01 sp013297675
s__JAAFHG01 sp025359725
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002878485
s__Sodaliphilus sp017443765
s__Parvibaculum sp020062605
s__JAIQEU01 sp020073665
s__Hominimerdicola sp000621805
s__UBA4417 sp030654075
s__UBA1847 sp009937605
s__Rikenella sp022511025
s__Thermosulfidibacter takaii
s__OFTM128 sp021776795
s__SCUN01 sp004297655
s__JAKSBE01 sp028282935
s__Duodenibacillus sp944390145
s__Methylovulum sp030653435
s__UBA9715 sp947565915
s__JAUMXX01 sp030535285
s__JALEPO01 sp022768695
s__Lysobacter niastensis
s__JAEZBP01 sp023427125
s__Corynebacterium lactis_A
s__JABDGZ01 sp013287965
s__UBA3282 sp017626325
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946402945
s__Anaerococcus sp943912385
s__Pelagibacter sp902630065
s__Microbacterium sp018268455
s__SYAR01 sp903959715
s__Porisulfidus sp958431155
s__Nitrospira_D sp022843785
s__RGIG3091 sp947627965
s__JAAYCI01 sp030266325
s__Levilactobacillus angrenensis
s__JACZTE01 sp022573935
s__Methylobacterium sp019216885
s__Acidithiobacillus sulfurivorans
s__CAIVQB01 sp025354845
s__Microvirga sp023386155
s__Desulfonatronovibrio sp003558575
s__CAJBPB01 sp903891085
s__Chersky-822 sp030043395
s__Marivivens sp937864535
s__Microvirga sp016864375
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp001798855
s__Thiolapillus sp027068915
s__UMGS1585 sp944324375
s__RUG11977 sp017542245
s__VRUF01 sp021736615
s__JAJYXT01 sp021788235
s__Faecalibacterium sp022652735
s__Cyanobacterium stanieri
s__XYD12-FULL-36-8 sp013388515
s__Corynebacterium comes
s__TMED112 sp002727535
s__UBA2170 sp913054215
s__Pelomonas sp021353235
s__Halorhodospira sp913055765
s__Actinosynnema variisporeum
s__Collinsella sp902479095
s__JABDGZ01 sp013285735
s__JAKSBE01 sp030067055
s__Kaelpia sp028717465
s__Lactococcus termiticola
s__Marinovum sp006226775
s__UBA2377 sp019634615
s__B3-LCP sp005223185
s__Chryseobacterium gilvum
s__JAKPKF01 sp029553845
s__VMGK01 sp007376535
s__Magnetospirillum sp024707145
s__UBA1234 sp002308995
s__Arthrobacter sp000685965
s__Aphodosoma sp024399545
s__Streptomyces sp001514285
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031288535
s__CAG-465 sp944387385
s__UBA3282 sp022510565
s__GCA-2402195 sp020630305
s__JAITDU01 sp031282405
s__RUG11977 sp017553665
s__Bact-19 sp902790405
s__JAIRLY01 sp031259075
s__JAOUKJ01 sp029882675
s__RGIG9041 sp944387905
s__JAIRKS01 sp031259905
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017964025
s__PWKH01 sp003559765
s__JANXLO01 sp025355115
s__SpSt-77 sp937138275
s__JAEXBA01 sp023420435
s__JACAED01 sp018263115
s__JAUNBL01 sp030527235
s__Flavobacterium hydrophilum
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris_K
s__JAFAHS01 sp019237115
s__Coproplasma sp910577055
s__VXNE01 sp022827245
s__Brevundimonas sp016742135
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947589115
s__JABMPO01 sp013203015
s__Butyribacter sp021200535
s__DAOWNP01 sp030149595
s__Nitrosophilus_A sp027082175
s__JAUWZB01 sp030615555
s__Faecisoma sp944363915
s__UBA877 sp017882125
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030855425
s__UBA3282 sp002492725
s__JABDES01 sp013286935
s__JAGXKT01 sp018335035
s__Moraxella sp002224245
s__S2C1553 sp021209335
s__Flavihumibacter rivuli
s__Flavobacterium sp030151255
s__Brevundimonas pondensis
s__UBA2475 sp022842625
s__JADYZU01 sp020852925
s__Collinsella sp937934165
s__SCSN01 sp004322205
s__MED-G52 sp902573175
s__JAICUF01 sp025935995
s__Halioglobus sp024640505
s__OFTM371 sp028289375
s__JAISLU01 sp031270755
s__CAKZPH01 sp937138605
s__MED-G13 sp002457735
s__JALZKA01 sp030859475
s__UBA11136 sp016776635
s__UBA8649 sp003447535
s__CALWKP01 sp944381295
s__JABAAW01 sp014237925
s__FEB-7 sp023700985
s__UBA4124 sp029288805
s__JAGQSZ01 sp963169245
s__UBA963 sp903857985
s__Dactylopiibacterium sp030730865
s__JAFGPS01 sp016936075
s__Onthousia sp944331955
s__Sphingopyxis sp016463225
s__MAG-120802 sp030830475
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AG
s__Microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans_B
s__BNVD01 sp025997835
s__MGBC122484 sp948888345
s__OLB5 sp001567545
s__JAIRZM01 sp031269645
s__Salinivibrio sp900141775
s__Saccharopolyspora sp015209505
s__Collinsella sp958415525
s__CAG-269 sp947625925
s__UBA5532 sp002426885
s__RFZI01 sp024642185
s__HIMB59 sp019651435
s__JAFGNN01 sp022703215
s__JANEWG01 sp028069725
s__Parabacteroides sp947855115
s__Reyranella sp030684475
s__Nocardia goodfellowii
s__Azospira_A sp024235655
s__UBA10428 sp016935615
s__JACPTS01 sp016192685
s__JAHHUA01 sp020024175
s__UBA737 sp017554125
s__JAJCZM01 sp029262375
s__Collinsella sp902488525
s__Hongsoonwoonella albiluteola
s__CCP5 sp003017785
s__DUUM01 sp012841565
s__Treponema_D sp946403565
s__Jejuia sp937923515
s__UBA877 sp002294405
s__RGIG1681 sp934771675
s__Vreelandella arcis
s__UBA10364 sp949547975
s__WGA-3G sp022822215
s__JABMSE01 sp013204645
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017437755
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas sp947631095
s__Vibrio sp013369335
s__Methylotuvimicrobium sp003932755
s__RYN-425 sp028288985
s__MVRV01 sp002068015
s__JABMRN01 sp013202515
s__Micromonospora craterilacus
s__Polaromonas sp028292045
s__GCA-002704185 sp002704185
s__JAAZHD01 sp012510895
s__Occallatibacter sp003156235
s__Salinisphaera sp027858915
s__Algoriphagus halophilus
s__CAG-452 sp002314935
s__12844 sp947626135
s__UMGS1338 sp934465535
s__UBA1259 sp017456055
s__GCA-2746235 sp030749235
s__Vallitalea_A okinawensis
s__Acinetobacter sp002135355
s__GCA-2732805 sp002732805
s__Holophaga foetida
s__UBA2200 sp002327925
s__Bradyrhizobium sp002531575
s__JACKDN01 sp020633465
s__Onthomonas sp021203685
s__HK1 sp958295835
s__UBA2862 sp902764285
s__Duncaniella sp021768245
s__Angelakisella sp949285935
s__Micropruina sp016711105
s__Telluria sp030770395
s__JAGQIK01 sp020431405
s__Palsa-1439 sp003152315
s__Oceanitalea satyanarayanai_B
s__CAG-269 sp905215845
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp014860355
s__DAHXND01 sp027366675
s__Aliiglaciecola sp030548205
s__CAG-196 sp902797965
s__Methylotenera sp021738125
s__JANYGI01 sp025362495
s__Motiliproteus sediminis
s__JAJKIP01 sp946479535
s__UBA1740 sp017501005
s__JAKVKY01 sp022484685
s__WQVN01 sp009779395
s__Chordicoccus sp018065025
s__RGIG9985 sp017518845
s__SOIV01 sp011772475
s__SXPK01 sp005776365
s__UBA6898 sp002448975
s__SIG459 sp017558545
s__JAGROB01 sp020440465
s__JAEYRB01 sp023409735
s__SKXZ01 sp003561145
s__CAIRTT01 sp030833025
s__CAG-269 sp944387505
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028688295
s__Leuconostoc sp946222815
s__Pelagibacter sp902597425
s__Rhodanobacter sp027450005
s__MGBC119817 sp946554325
s__Psychrobacter sp013414195
s__DSYU01 sp023434145
s__Mesorhizobium_B sp024053505
s__JAQSDB01 sp031119295
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003208885
s__JARKSS01 sp029974175
s__Defluviicoccus sp016712595
s__Caldibacillus_A lycopersici
s__JAAZMF01 sp012519025
s__UBA1174 sp031262415
s__Companilactobacillus insicii
s__1-14-0-10-46-23 sp002771135
s__Desulfacinum hydrothermale
s__JACROO01 sp016214355
s__Eubacterium_G sp016292095
s__JAHYIR01 sp019429305
s__JAMLIC01 sp019636275
s__WJKH01 sp014729235
s__AG-414-E02 sp902567785
s__Nocardioides_B panacis
s__Limnoglobus sp022842245
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214115
s__Pauljensenia sp018986735
s__CANPXY01 sp947587115
s__UBA3824 sp017645985
s__DUCM01 sp020638875
s__JAKSBJ01 sp022361195
s__RUG721 sp946530775
s__WNDY01 sp009914555
s__Hyphococcus sp021776375
s__QNZU01 sp003978405
s__HO2-45-11b sp027624555
s__JAJDEX01 sp029259575
s__Algiphilus aromaticivorans
s__WRNU01 sp031257305
s__Eubacterium_R sp905233805
s__Eubacterium_R sp015065445
s__CALDHH01 sp937941575
s__UBA4720 sp030647905
s__Bartonella senegalensis
s__Hominicoprocola sp934589665
s__Mesorhizobium sp004962925
s__Sulfurimonas sp018698455
s__Luteimicrobium album
s__Aquaspirillum serpens
s__Acherontichlamydia sp018239665
s__Lacunisphaera sp029945855
s__Desulfuromusa sp027858895
s__Pelagibacter sp902578105
s__UBA11663 sp938084585
s__Gallimonas sp947629875
s__Pedobacter sp026239695
s__Corynebacterium sp030532325
s__Telluria sp902506415
s__GCA-002690875 sp902536485
s__JADFYS01 sp015232955
s__Spirillospora sp014706005
s__GCA-2724215 sp026706505
s__JAOAAX01 sp026418675
s__Prevotella sp030523505
s__Nitrospira_D sp002083365
s__Mycobacterium sp026240945
s__Brevundimonas sp030818545
s__Flavobacterium sp030730925
s__Fibrella rubiginis
s__SBBL01 sp005239745
s__RI-43 sp016124655
s__Caulobacter sp027912495
s__HSG29 sp027064135
s__2-01-FULL-45-10-B sp001818835
s__JACQFT01 sp025351035
s__Azospirillum sp023413605
s__RYN-230 sp025964635
s__Bacteriovorax sp013141065
s__Palsa-465 sp027451345
s__RGIG6919 sp017540605
s__54-19 sp902812345
s__Ilumatobacter sp024641005
s__Limimorpha sp947305795
s__Haloplasma contractile
s__Deinococcus sp943914785
s__JAUIET01 sp030429735
s__JANLFZ01 sp020721945
s__JALCBQ01 sp028066335
s__Streptococcus mitis_BB
s__Tokpelaia hoelldoblerii
s__JAAENB01 sp024224995
s__SLMC01 sp007133745
s__SURF-16 sp018816555
s__Variovorax dokdonensis
s__CAG-177 sp017519685
s__Cryptosporangium aurantiacum
s__2-01-FULL-36-15 sp001782015
s__JAKAUB01 sp021782675
s__CALAZW01 sp937926545
s__JABHCC01 sp023145515
s__WRCJ01 sp009784085
s__Cellulosimicrobium sp001942335
s__Rappaport israeli
s__Enterenecus sp949948775
s__UBA1668 sp029242715
s__JJ008 sp002127295
s__JAGRPD01 sp020439875
s__JAJYIN01 sp021790075
s__COE1 sp947626435
s__Avimuribaculum sp944321715
s__AG-337-I02 sp902615625
s__Tannerella sp031260095
s__Rhodoferax_C sp001770935
s__Demequina sp002090155
s__Allobranchiibius sp017565405
s__RGIG5270 sp017505415
s__JAKPEE01 sp029782095
s__JAIXZB01 sp027489915
s__RGIG9379 sp031271815
s__Paenibacillus_S agricola
s__JAFAAL01 sp030537525
s__Streptococcus sp916439305
s__Chlorobium sp903920215
s__DYHX01 sp020723925
s__Quinella sp017428215
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp025358705
s__Luteimonas_B sp024508915
s__Emergencia sp017522185
s__RUG11272 sp947165425
s__Enterousia sp905234185
s__Puniceibacterium sp024636635
s__Virgibacillus_H sp019837165
s__UBA8156 sp012031195
s__Novosphingobium sp008107685
s__Pseudomonas_E synxantha_B
s__Nitrospira_D sp013140455
s__JABMPJ01 sp013203785
s__AG-337-I02 sp902602135
s__Fenollaria sp946221515
s__JASMLP01 sp030748635
s__QAMH01 sp948466335
s__Limivivens sp030536575
s__Cryobacterium sp004210215
s__CAJWER01 sp913030785
s__Defluviicoccus sp013414705
s__UBA6115 sp002428405
s__JAPPLG01 sp028819545
s__Eubacterium_R sp024696725
s__Pelagibacter sp902584915
s__JALTEL01 sp027073945
s__JAHFBB01 sp023250255
s__JAOADG01 sp026417415
s__Mobilisporobacter sp023420935
s__ISDg sp002315495
s__Aquimonas voraii
s__JAGOUU01 sp018061105
s__JAAUPO01 sp012033095
s__GCA-2705445 sp902559815
s__UBA2903 sp024413465
s__Bizionia paragorgiae
s__Fimenecus sp937892525
s__UBA5004 sp001824005
s__Nanopelagicus sp016870895
s__JAEUKQ01 sp016722635
s__Sulfurovum sp026989435
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949295125
s__HGM04593 sp017560125
s__Rhodanobacter sp014842995
s__JAIRMT01 sp031279205
s__Gemmobacter_B kunshanensis
s__Neobacillus sp011250595
s__JAJUFS01 sp029263725
s__UBA5760 sp021161775
s__Pelagibacter sp902595565
s__JAEZRQ01 sp023444045
s__UBA4421 sp905182095
s__Nisaea sp017640745
s__WQUV01 sp009777795
s__UBA1213 sp947169745
s__JANQMM01 sp028280145
s__Henriciella sp029937755
s__GWA1-54-10 sp030916835
s__JAUMWX01 sp030529425
s__Enterosoma sp902773085
s__Gemmatimonas sp025356185
s__BPHZ01 sp026003835
s__UBA2376 sp019912685
s__Domibacillus antri
s__Necropsobacter massiliensis
s__G020349905 sp020349905
s__Arcobacter nitrofigilis
s__CAG-791 sp946615865
s__SXIZ01 sp013141155
s__JABFXX01 sp013813945
s__Faecousia sp017482385
s__Intestinibacter sp937944945
s__JACTMU01 sp014584465
s__Erythrobacter sp000331285
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001984065
s__Lutispora sp012521375
s__CAKVNM01 sp958420145
s__Bradyrhizobium sp021458635
s__JAUIEV01 sp030429605
s__RUG12931 sp902784045
s__Thiothrix sp029972135
s__Rathayibacter sp017355185
s__CADCUO01 sp902805915
s__Kitasatospora azatica
s__NHYM01 sp003364295
s__RI-211 sp021405315
s__Mycoplasmopsis maculosa
s__Terriglobus sp000800015
s__JAFIFT01 sp020051095
s__JAISUL01 sp031272145
s__Corynebacterium sp943914615
s__JAUVZL01 sp030602565
s__JACOYX01 sp016181585
s__Synechococcus_C sp937930135
s__Flagellimonas aquimarina
s__Sutcliffiella_A sp001293645
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031274295
s__UBA7868 sp015055535
s__JAFLBD01 sp022842565
s__Alistipes sp017504485
s__CAMCTH01 sp945877965
s__Photobacterium chitinilyticum
s__GCA-002050365 sp030448055
s__Vulgatibacter incomptus
s__Lawsonella sp012842085
s__JAVEEB01 sp030840665
s__Lacticaseibacillus hegangensis
s__CALMOI01 sp937871735
s__GCA-2732015 sp002732015
s__Sulfuricurvum sp947497635
s__Pseudomonas_T sp025642785
s__JAAXTX01 sp903893925
s__Mycobacterium sp001668575
s__SIG204 sp934120265
s__Streptomyces sp029269835
s__JAJZWG01 sp027448765
s__JACQTD01 sp016210985
s__Dysgonomonas sp010501075
s__JAPLDB01 sp026391975
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_D
s__JAOSJL01 sp027494115
s__Pigmentiphaga litoralis
s__JAEZWK01 sp023443045
s__Muribaculum sp009177195
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp955652795
s__Hymenobacter sp014333525
s__Nocardia farcinica_A
s__Villigracilis sp026645935
s__Ferrovum sp021828745
s__JAMPGF01 sp023664105
s__GCA-002733185 sp026992695
s__Aquiflexum balticum
s__VOQV01 sp016642085
s__JACOMS01 sp020629135
s__BOKZ01 sp021463485
s__Agathobacter sp002474415
s__Pseudemcibacter sp030432815
s__WRIV01 sp009782495
s__NORP240 sp016764875
s__UBA3766 sp902782715
s__TMED126 sp030835345
s__Weimeria sp946182825
s__Phenylobacterium sp902826855
s__Phormidesmis sp002286735
s__JADZAI01 sp019670725
s__WGA-3G sp026713385
s__Oxalobacter formigenes_E
s__Collinsella sp902495265
s__JANQEU01 sp028278225
s__HGM12713 sp017411935
s__JAJXXT01 sp027306955
s__AG-363-K07 sp902560875
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp001799475
s__Aquimarina sp937929895
s__Hominicoprocola sp946411835
s__JACZXC01 sp029863845
s__Spirillospora rudentiformis
s__4484-93 sp002085385
s__UBA7803 sp019634925
s__JAIRTF01 sp031258055
s__Streptomyces gelaticus
s__JANQQS01 sp028284955
s__Arenimonas donghaensis
s__UBA4372 sp946415705
s__Nocardia crassostreae
s__2-02-FULL-39-13 sp001783595
s__JANQLC01 sp028280815
s__Akkermansia sp022787425
s__JAJZWH01 sp027325485
s__UBA9732 sp017470995
s__Faecousia sp029003235
s__JAPLLL01 sp026387595
s__Bandiella numerosa_B
s__Aquabacterium_A sp946480465
s__JANQMB01 sp028280355
s__GCA-2691245 sp902567115
s__4484-87 sp013152715
s__UBA4293 sp024401095
s__Qingshengfaniella alkalisoli
s__CALJEJ01 sp938074745
s__Lederbergia sp018333015
s__Dokdonella sp004295005
s__Rhodovulum robiginosum
s__CAG-791 sp017405805
s__UBA1321 sp017849585
s__Amycolatopsis sp025464955
s__Enterousia sp017534945
s__UBA2029 sp002332795
s__UBA1213 sp902767155
s__Yoonia sp947488605
s__Paludibaculum sp002298225
s__UBA4720 sp946478895
s__Clostridium_A sp959596515
s__2-02-FULL-66-14 sp004298325
s__Anaeroplasma sp017542485
s__Aquiluna sp002479805
s__Rubrivivax sp001725505
s__UBA1351 sp029935405
s__Arundinibacter roseus
s__Lentihominibacter sp030529015
s__Nonomuraea sp008065375
s__Kluyvera intermedia_A
s__Sediminibacterium sp903924075
s__Flavobacterium sp943325595
s__JAAYGG01 sp012735195
s__Tidjanibacter sp017936605
s__CAINDZ01 sp016712675
s__1XD8-76 sp947647735
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024349685
s__JACPSQ01 sp016193195
s__Parabacteroides sp949295065
s__Ruminococcus sp947627625
s__Onthoplasma sp947630405
s__JASEJQ01 sp030016635
s__Aquirufa sp938008575
s__CFX2 sp029975765
s__PJMF01 sp003173865
s__MSPOR6 sp022824265
s__JAVBXY01 sp030824275
s__JAIRNQ01 sp031278835
s__BHER01 sp003864555
s__Desulfovibrio sp030539415
s__Gp13-AA74 sp003224695
s__CAG-793 sp944390335
s__Paucidesulfovibrio gracilis
s__Fluviicola sp937973685
s__Bin94 sp022826005
s__Nonomuraea diastatica
s__CHH4-2 sp018785315
s__MEYI01 sp001773975
s__Mesorhizobium sp003952365
s__VXMO01 sp009841045
s__Ureibacillus sp023168345
s__UBA10438 sp003488525
s__Treponema_D sp016282835
s__DUOU01 sp012838685
s__JAGQWW01 sp020436955
s__PDTW01 sp002749055
s__UBA10511 sp903898975
s__Anaeromonas massiliensis_A
s__Prevotella sp905233165
s__Spirulina major
s__GCA-2862545 sp002862545
s__Paenibacillus xylanivorans
s__Helicobacter_B sp003364135
s__Oceanobacillus neutriphilus
s__Quinella sp947165145
s__S146-42 sp029260335
s__Bacteriovorax sp947450475
s__Actinomarina sp902599555
s__Clostridium_AI populeti
s__Vondammii sp022530855
s__Acidoferrum sp003224515
s__2013-40CM-41-45 sp002215675
s__Ensifer adhaerens_I
s__Pelagibacter sp902579215
s__WO2-35-19 sp016932555
s__TAE3-ERU5 sp019218415
s__JACCVL01 sp013698185
s__CAJWCP01 sp913031595
s__S143-33 sp027015275
s__Mixta hanseatica
s__CAIOGI01 sp943349555
s__UMGS1933 sp945937855
s__FMMP01 sp029256345
s__WTAK01 sp027858225
s__Velamenicoccus archaeovorus
s__GBS-DC sp025060055
s__JAUWMV01 sp030613005
s__CALIRS01 sp938042205
s__CAKPQL01 sp031262685
s__Streptomyces sp010548145
s__Anaerotignum sp030526765
s__Firm-04 sp946531975
s__Neokomagataea anthophila
s__Geopsychrobacter sp012974425
s__JADGBR01 sp015231405
s__CAUJGP01 sp963170155
s__Telluria atriviolacea
s__JAGGXC01 sp021163265
s__Mycobacterium cosmeticum_A
s__JAJPIJ01 sp021324815
s__Shouchella sp001310375
s__Avimuribaculum sp949289215
s__Falsibacillus pallidus
s__Buchananella hordeovulneris_A
s__Maribacter caenipelagi
s__RFPW01 sp903864485
s__Sulfuricurvum sp023379705
s__Yersinia enterocolitica_E
s__Roseiarcus sp030153205
s__CAG-269 sp946529215
s__Clostridium_F sp943736985
s__Butyrivibrio sp024690605
s__Arenivirga flava
s__Photobacterium sp000153325
s__Euzebya tangerina
s__DAOUZN01 sp030665585
s__Paludibacter sp903929065
s__Pseudolabrys sp023432845
s__RUG13583 sp937900725
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017478685
s__Chroococcus sp017312365
s__JAIRLM01 sp031282835
s__JAGXSE01 sp018333865
s__Rs1 sp013215445
s__DAOWBV01 sp030633885
s__Nocardioides sp025965275
s__Sulfurimonas sp027071075
s__HGM10766 sp947626055
s__Faecousia sp946619065
s__CAG-1782 sp949285605
s__JAHFDP01 sp023248955
s__Hanamia sp030948465
s__PIVZ01 sp003354045
s__Sphingomicrobium kaistense
s__Quinella sp937915725
s__Pelagibacter sp902542235
s__Pullibacteroides sp022510485
s__Erythrobacter fulvus
s__UBA933 sp002293545
s__Achromobacter_A aestuarii
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A yeongjuensis
s__JAEWCM01 sp023390635
s__JAJRWB01 sp024276995
s__UBA3961 sp014379515
s__AG-432-D11 sp003212885
s__Erythrobacter sp000152865
s__Streptomyces sp026339875
s__Neobacillus niacini_E
s__Sphingobacterium yanglingense
s__Avilachnospira sp030531385
s__Kangiella sp013372875
s__UBA11358 sp003455565
s__Thiobacillus sp030680405
s__Asanoa siamensis
s__Qipengyuania vulgaris_A
s__2-01-FULL-49-10 sp016936175
s__Balneicella halophila
s__JAHEIW01 sp947259495
s__Sediminibacillus_A massiliensis
s__UBA1829 sp949292215
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp028388995
s__UBA1711 sp905233895
s__MLS-D sp028715865
s__CAMCNU01 sp947254705
s__JABFRZ01 sp013140785
s__CAIVSE01 sp903908535
s__S143-32 sp015489405
s__UBA1568 sp023261645
s__Chlorobium_A sp028278005
s__Pseudidiomarina insulisalsae
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017433855
s__Streptococcus sp021341835
s__Moraxella_A sp937975585
s__Microbacterium sp002979435
s__Chryseobacterium oncorhynchi
s__Marmoricola sp937868455
s__Affinibrenneria salicis
s__MGBC120314 sp023666775
s__Bacteriovorax sp943914745
s__Parasedimentitalea huanghaiensis
s__Streptomyces yokosukanensis
s__UBA5066 sp937927565
s__MED-G40 sp002457515
s__Microsaccharimonas sp030428585
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902773155
s__CAITQP01 sp023267275
s__JAANAU01 sp015234115
s__Clostridium_B tyrobutyricum_A
s__W2P13-069 sp934646835
s__Spyradenecus sp949289005
s__JABFRO01 sp013141125
s__Mobilitalea sp012520635
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp014851805
s__Dysosmobacter sp015068335
s__Puia sp015654595
s__JAJECS01 sp022826485
s__JADYYB01 sp020853895
s__DAOVDU01 sp030669305
s__JALZAI01 sp030948475
s__Tepidamorphus sp023458595
s__Knoellia sp001427985
s__UBA1740 sp017455905
s__Polaribacter sp002163675
s__Tenebribacter sp030667725
s__GCA-2711515 sp902563505
s__Mucilaginibacter rubeus_A
s__JAIMBC01 sp023511675
s__Rhizobium calliandrae
s__JACQAE01 sp016195095
s__Luteibacter aegosomaticola
s__Pullulanibacillus camelliae
s__RUG11894 sp017626845
s__Leucobacter sp003569785
s__JADFZM01 sp022703565
s__JAABTL01 sp019429025
s__Limiplasma sp028692205
s__Mycobacterium barrassiae
s__SSF14 sp019694615
s__UBA1672 sp030639165
s__Streptococcus sp902479835
s__Falsochrobactrum shanghaiense
s__RGIG4140 sp017466695
s__Aquiluna sp947441105
s__RUG11257 sp017428035
s__JACDEG01 sp030859785
s__MAG-120802 sp018969585
s__Sulfuritalea sp016235165
s__RGIG5057 sp029256705
s__Dyadobacter sp946481035
s__Tatlockia clemsonensis
s__Rothia sp030540545
s__NORP154 sp012966015
s__Vreelandella maris
s__JADJRG01 sp030424595
s__Streptomyces sp013401435
s__Lolliginicoccus suaedae
s__2-01-FULL-60-11 sp021730935
s__Microvirga antarctica
s__SHVA01 sp009691195
s__Enterousia sp017964865
s__Mycobacterium sp002043095
s__Knoellia aerolata
s__CAG-269 sp947628845
s__Aulosira sp002368175
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp025462865
s__CAG-115 sp934481445
s__RGIG7193 sp944383835
s__JAHBYH01 sp019636055
s__Cupriavidus sp003402535
s__Streptococcus sp013277115
s__UBA1740 sp937914815
s__Insulibacter sp937957685
s__JAFGBM01 sp017882825
s__JAAYKS01 sp012522285
s__CAG-492 sp017512025
s__Zrk29 sp018622675
s__JACRHF01 sp016217665
s__LD21 sp026391215
s__Caldicellulosiruptor danielii
s__UBA4427 sp011051925
s__Chengkuizengella marina
s__Limimorpha sp017394865
s__RGIG4709 sp017481185
s__UBA1546 sp016195565
s__Weissella oryzae
s__Kitasatospora sp000710465
s__Thalassotalea_C sp030546745
s__SXZD01 sp021300475
s__Zoogloea sp018241685
s__Sphingomonas sp903643035
s__Telluria solisilvae
s__Treponema_D sp937894335
s__Eubacterium_B sp902766915
s__Sulfomarinibacter sp030637805
s__Sphingomonas_B sp013044515
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031290575
s__Bythopirellula sp937925545
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023395575
s__JACDHS01 sp028293445
s__Helicobacter_D valdiviensis
s__AG-409-N21 sp003215415
s__CAG-115 sp945923775
s__JACQBC01 sp016194635
s__Collinsella sp900552895
s__HK-STAS-PATE-42 sp937871805
s__Desulfovibrio sp014804915
s__REEB76 sp027317045
s__EhC02 sp024636555
s__Reyranella sp945957125
s__JACZSH01 sp022574315
s__JAAZMX01 sp012798565
s__Desulfobacter postgatei_A
s__SURF-13 sp003599485
s__MED-G13 sp902519075
s__VGSZ01 sp016874845
s__UBA9464 sp005801385
s__Blautia_A sp946545475
s__RF16 sp902792535
s__Rhodoluna sp903831585
s__BOG-1184 sp903888815
s__JAGTJX01 sp023657465
s__CALAZW01 sp030152565
s__JACDER01 sp013816275
s__JAAELZ01 sp938021685
s__Marinisoma sp012963075
s__Arthrobacter sp031179985
s__Sulfurospirillum halorespirans
s__Armatimonas rosea
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013288465
s__Nanosynbacter sp937989565
s__Waterburya sp937884735
s__JAUWMJ01 sp030612225
s__RUG13409 sp017432725
s__Nocardioides zhouii
s__Changchengzhania lutea
s__Limosilactobacillus sp030530845
s__JAJRPT01 sp028376765
s__SRXY01 sp029958925
s__Mobilitalea sp029239365
s__Pelagibacter sp902523895
s__Collinsella sp959026725
s__JAPLJM01 sp026388595
s__Flavobacterium zhairuonense
s__JACCUC01 sp013812485
s__Basfia_A langaaensis
s__Sessilibacter sp937864365
s__Aestuariivirga sp022842165
s__T1Sed10-7 sp007117945
s__PeH17 sp022510765
s__Tannerella sp031277235
s__Litorivicinus sp938091715
s__BNWE01 sp031282785
s__Oceanivirga miroungae
s__Yoonia sp947500135
s__JACIYW01 sp014359745
s__Chordicoccus sp030526195
s__UBA11490 sp015055605
s__Variovorax sp023195515
s__Prevotella sp947168395
s__PALSA-600 sp025935595
s__Anthropogastromicrobium sp946624325
s__CAZU01 sp949542085
s__Rhodopirellula heiligendammensis
s__Pelagibacter ubique_D
s__PCC-9228 sp001870905
s__Prosthecobacter sp947507875
s__Desulfonatronum sp011049455
s__WREB01 sp009779525
s__Chromobacterium paludis
s__Limnohabitans sp903845315
s__UBA4085 sp028749235
s__JAJRPG01 sp024280855
s__Eubacterium_F sp947246475
s__Solirubrum sp020711235
s__UBA4285 sp902784165
s__Pirellula_B sp018970165
s__Thiogranum sp011321775
s__Rhodoblastus sp021812505
s__Palsa-881 sp003161535
s__WRMS01 sp009776595
s__Arenicella chitinivorans
s__WHUA01 sp009377445
s__Atopostipes suicloacalis
s__Draconibacterium sp013203755
s__VMFW01 sp016194445
s__CALLMM01 sp938005745
s__Mobilitalea sp029239235
s__Dokdonella_A sp023228465
s__Levilactobacillus sp012641095
s__Limimorpha sp017645245
s__Paucibacter_A sp003852425
s__JAEUUG01 sp016787565
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031290055
s__UBA3631 sp947168965
s__CALBPE01 sp937899275
s__UBA4372 sp017958545
s__Frigidibacter oleivorans
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278855
s__Labilithrix sp023402175
s__Collinsella sp958403385
s__Alistipes sp020026435
s__UBA1740 sp017467085
s__JAFAPL01 sp019247135
s__RUG11241 sp947168865
s__Akkermansia sp017546845
s__2-02-FULL-39-32 sp016180425
s__Acetatifactor sp944381545
s__CAG-873 sp017620635
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902536305
s__Gallimonas sp944376335
s__Pelagibacter sp902526085
s__JAIRLF01 sp031280885
s__Carnobacterium gallinarum
s__Nocardioides sp024703895
s__Occallatibacter sp027449545
s__UBA4363 sp946183755
s__JALHOE01 sp016182965
s__Sulfurovum sp027026055
s__JAQBQB01 sp025934075
s__Bilifractor sp903789595
s__Pelagibacter sp902528375
s__UBA1140 sp026982175
s__CAG-465 sp947584535
s__CAKSKO01 sp934465125
s__1-14-0-10-36-16 sp002794035
s__Faecousia sp946059285
s__Haloimpatiens lingqiaonensis
s__Bifidobacterium sp012932675
s__JAADHQ01 sp013151795
s__B1 sp027487835
s__Sphingomonas_N sp029906645
s__DTU059 sp012523705
s__Caballeronia telluris
s__Mycoplasmopsis sp946998935
s__UMGS1388 sp029004515
s__Coprosoma sp947642475
s__Geoalkalibacter sp030605225
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017545505
s__JAEUPI01 sp016790175
s__JAHIME01 sp018896595
s__UBA8130 sp031287565
s__Sphaerochaeta sp028699215
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401975
s__Confluentibacter flavum
s__CAIYFD01 sp900299415
s__LD21 sp023251395
s__Kordiimonas laminariae
s__UBA9973 sp023267435
s__CAINDV01 sp903847485
s__JALSKU01 sp027038335
s__CAMIXG01 sp946402705
s__FEN-1088 sp017881245
s__CAMTHN01 sp030153485
s__Salipaludibacillus sp024362805
s__Eubacterium_F sp947643415
s__Agromyces agglutinans
s__F23-D06 sp024686335
s__JAITMY01 sp031263185
s__Methylobacterium sp022829465
s__Tepidimonas sp029335975
s__Deinococcus sp023370075
s__Tepidamorphus sp028280885
s__Haloferula sp028293225
s__CAIYQJ01 sp025454515
s__Corynebacterium sp946221155
s__Chitinophaga pinensis
s__UBA5578 sp947625505
s__RGIG9041 sp017937065
s__JAIXTM01 sp027489955
s__JAHWKW01 sp030776725
s__GCA-012562765 sp012567955
s__Hyphobacterium sp026126205
s__Nanchangia sp030527545
s__Dehalogenimonas sp001005265
s__Acidocella sp028866445
s__Brevibacillus_B dissolubilis
s__Caccenecus sp947650775
s__JAKITT01 sp027068675
s__WRKW01 sp009777955
s__Velocimicrobium porci
s__Cellulomonas avistercoris
s__Polaromonas sp030689685
s__GCA-002701455 sp902589475
s__RGIG423 sp017461725
s__Longimicrobium sp902805735
s__CAISUE01 sp947378515
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009776305
s__GCA-2730855 sp913042085
s__Kribbella monticola
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp002733735
s__Avipropionibacterium avicola
s__GCA-2401785 sp016763165
s__UBA2210 sp019313385
s__Ktedonobacter racemifer
s__SCUD01 sp023265875
s__PALSA-1003 sp017880805
s__WLXD01 sp029263335
s__Alloscardovia theropitheci
s__Oceanisphaera litoralis
s__Novosphingobium sp947442095
s__Turicimonas sp947854175
s__RUG721 sp946619045
s__Shewanella kaireitica
s__Mariniblastus sp024642205
s__RUG708 sp028724585
s__H3-PLA7 sp019636215
s__UBA1672 sp002320665
s__Marinobacterium_E sp024640955
s__Palsa-465 sp009785395
s__Aphodosoma sp944322025
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023072615
s__Paenibacillus dakarensis
s__JABMQS01 sp013202525
s__BACL14 sp019823025
s__Rhodoferax_C sp027924025
s__Actinacidiphila sp014596445
s__Deinococcus sp028287665
s__Curtobacterium sp000333375
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp913054455
s__UBA3789 sp017511375
s__Streptococcus sciuri
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_D
s__79-D21 sp002436015
s__Rubripirellula sp002712845
s__JAISHS01 sp031262405
s__JAQTSA01 sp028711575
s__JANXYN01 sp025356035
s__JADGRF01 sp017881055
s__JAEUHO01 sp020851795
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947464665
s__Treponema_D sp947167345
s__Arcicella rosea
s__Kocuria polaris_A
s__WYBW01 sp026125285
s__SHVY01 sp009694045
s__Tolypothrix_B sp002368435
s__JAOTUP01 sp029863825
s__Bog-105 sp019243205
s__UBA868 sp002713825
s__RUG12461 sp016286115
s__ARS1246 sp002688185
s__Anaeromicropila herbilytica
s__Sporosarcina luteola_D
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp016763215
s__Actinokineospora auranticolor
s__CAIRYL01 sp903882825
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp016282705
s__Dysosmobacter sp902462475
s__CAIQJD01 sp903872005
s__2-02-FULL-61-13 sp016179185
s__Propionivibrio sp016790145
s__Rhodococcus phenolicus
s__Mucilaginibacter paludis
s__RGIG7949 sp017557265
s__JAUHXA01 sp030427245
s__Aphodocola sp934155185
s__Choladousia sp021203145
s__DUVF01 sp012841165
s__RGIG6720 sp024405395
s__JAJOIW01 sp021209225
s__Prosthecobacter sp026397605
s__Oceanicaulis sp027627685
s__CAITQP01 sp017991895
s__RUG666 sp017508345
s__Prevotella sp017645645
s__JABWBJ01 sp030835125
s__Ruminococcus_C sp949291125
s__JAAWPK01 sp947648255
s__UBA952 sp947496835
s__Spiroplasma_A diminutum
s__Brevundimonas variabilis
s__IMCC26134_A sp027482905
s__PWLF01 sp003559475
s__Marinomonas balearica
s__XBD2001 sp017959525
s__JABDDE01 sp013287775
s__Wenyingzhuangia aestuarii
s__Bythopirellula sp013151315
s__CAJOIG01 sp947587025
s__JAHBVH01 sp022842065
s__Thiovibrio sp021811385
s__RGIG6353 sp017467865
s__RBG-16-64-13 sp021372435
s__Dyadobacter luteus
s__Telluria sp030411955
s__Micromonospora sp025460765
s__UBA10183 sp030691625
s__SG8-38 sp001303415
s__WTJY01 sp020629055
s__JANQOH01 sp028289725
s__Pelagibacter ubique_Q
s__JAADHQ01 sp947258755
s__Nonomuraea typhae
s__Parafilimonas sp018268035
s__Oryzomonas sagensis
s__Thiodictyon syntrophicum
s__Pseudidiomarina indica_A
s__Pelagibacter sp902616205
s__Litchfieldella qijiaojingensis
s__Corallococcus sicarius
s__MWDF01 sp017994615
s__CANIBL01 sp947466225
s__JADFCT01 sp017161665
s__Rhodomicrobium vannielii
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882085
s__Aureibaculum sp030065775
s__DSOT01 sp946885605
s__DYLN01 sp020722085
s__Nonlabens sp012974865
s__PALSA-1176 sp016194705
s__JADZEX01 sp020850355
s__CAG-273 sp946500265
s__Gemmatimonas sp947462095
s__Alloscillospira sp017461585
s__SIG351 sp945918795
s__Gallimonas sp947632015
s__Sphingopyxis sp012035435
s__JAHEFU01 sp024645305
s__Hespellia sp028694105
s__JAFUXM01 sp017470485
s__Acidithiobacillus sp023381645
s__Chryseobacterium paridis
s__Afipia sp026400415
s__Buchnera aphidicola_L
s__FEN-1279 sp003158365
s__Pelagibacter sp902532195
s__JAADHP01 sp027016675
s__Janthinobacterium sp003133225
s__Glycocaulis albus
s__JADFXI01 sp015233365
s__Sulfurimonas sp022712845
s__Bowdeniella nasicola_B
s__UBA9320 sp018402155
s__Limnohabitans sp947448885
s__Psychrobacter sp029267175
s__Rubricella aquisinus
s__Onthousia sp946494345
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938010415
s__CAG-448 sp017938885
s__Perlabentimonas gracilis
s__JACAFB01 sp013388545
s__Romboutsia_E sp902362365
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_K
s__JANSXY01 sp024742695
s__JANXMC01 sp025354825
s__Komagataeibacter sp015155755
s__Firm-07 sp015065215
s__Scatosoma sp017468345
s__Flavobacterium sp013388355
s__RGIG6165 sp017517965
s__Streptomyces phaeofaciens
s__DTER01 sp025060555
s__UBA12088 sp947259245
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp031253365
s__Macrococcus_B caseolyticus_A
s__Blautia_A sp021772055
s__Zag111 sp902489575
s__188UL27-1 sp016901225
s__Schlegelella_A sp030946925
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_F
s__JADGBD01 sp009497875
s__Kaistella sp002415135
s__JACVCS01 sp016741915
s__UBA9630 sp026396175
s__HGW-15 sp020060215
s__SCSY01 sp016212165
s__1XD8-76 sp015056725
s__Acuticoccus sp022865125
s__SPGG2 sp029861845
s__JALTBU01 sp027036005
s__UBA3006 sp947487095
s__Pseudomonas_E sp018325905
s__JAJYLA01 sp021788115
s__Streptomyces phytophilus
s__SURF-16 sp016219175
s__Thiodubiliella sp029237605
s__Fibrobacter sp017965445
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946405645
s__SCQX01 sp004298545
s__Caldisericum exile_C
s__Eudoraea sp947258525
s__CAG-448 sp015063545
s__UBA8515 sp026396015
s__Allorhizobium sp900176345
s__Gryllotalpicola ginsengisoli
s__Chitinophaga deserti
s__Steroidobacter_A soli
s__JAITVB01 sp031286025
s__LD21 sp025455505
s__S145-25 sp027061425
s__Prevotella sp946055365
s__Leucobacter japonicus
s__Longimicrobium sp030446945
s__Actinacidiphila sp016756395
s__UBA6810 sp002469305
s__Pelagibacter sp902596185
s__JAENXA01 sp016649735
s__JAHECW01 sp029287235
s__JAHBTB01 sp018268335
s__Fusibacter_C sp021107455
s__Sphingomonas baiyangensis
s__Villigracilis sp016866215
s__Nocardia yunnanensis
s__Aminiphilus circumscriptus
s__JAGQHR01 sp020431745
s__Dorea_D sp030538915
s__JAAEOK01 sp024244705
s__Bin125 sp022825855
s__MGBC108787 sp947087145
s__Pelagibacter sp902546145
s__JAISCZ01 sp031265205
s__Streptomyces taklimakanensis
s__Pseudoxanthomonas koreensis
s__Spirosoma rigui
s__CAIUPE01 sp903900975
s__Sphingomonas dokdonensis
s__CALBFA01 sp937888365
s__SPDF01 sp024641745
s__Nanogingivalis sp938045655
s__SZUA-104 sp027020105
s__UBA8752 sp002683735
s__M3007 sp013297575
s__Flavobacterium silvisoli
s__Domibacillus sp031177795
s__Scatousia sp948433295
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp024710765
s__Ruegeria sp947497005
s__DSVR01 sp029555585
s__Blastococcus sp004571075
s__AG-337-I02 sp902522015
s__Roseomonas aerilata
s__RGIG5612 sp017431485
s__UBA3015 sp030054195
s__Daejeonella thalpophilum_A
s__UBA1063 sp002421425
s__UBA1924 sp026982035
s__JAKOSN01 sp029777335
s__JAKOUW01 sp029782365
s__SHLQ01 sp937969565
s__Deinococcus sp001424185
s__CABUKU01 sp902492205
s__UBA7446 sp029247985
s__HRBIN24 sp002898715
s__WRNU01 sp009776435
s__JAATGI01 sp030039775
s__Nautilia profundicola
s__Bartonella bacilliformis_A
s__CAMOGO01 sp946614075
s__JAADEN01 sp015494815
s__UBA8389 sp012718945
s__Persicitalea sp009296315
s__JAUYLU01 sp030699625
s__CACNXK01 sp902538705
s__JAHIOY01 sp018894495
s__JAFEBO01 sp018242645
s__Pelagibius sp001657395
s__Sphingomonas sp020177055
s__Amycolatopsis sp002904335
s__Nocardioides_A sp029268205
s__JALSRI01 sp026984835
s__Roseburia sp947088675
s__UBA9631 sp028711445
s__JAPLHP01 sp026389585
s__Neobacillus sp030818775
s__CACNYO01 sp902578495
s__JACKHW01 sp020426005
s__Ruminococcus_C sp029007315
s__SZUA-611 sp014763785
s__UBA2779 sp002084135
s__CALKYB01 sp938003565
s__Pelagibacter sp905616455
s__DFXE01 sp031270665
s__Ventrenecus sp947628245
s__Pararheinheimera sp027484495
s__Echinimonas agarilytica
s__RUG11864 sp902773415
s__AG11 sp026786185
s__WFWG01 sp030949995
s__Stagnihabitans sp947453525
s__Mailhella sp944324995
s__Dictyobacter aurantiacus
s__Nostoc sp015714725
s__JAHUUI01 sp021513215
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017469425
s__Caldinitratiruptor microaerophilus
s__Variovorax paradoxus_I
s__Arsukibacterium sp000987765
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902776395
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AP
s__UBA970 sp030831415
s__WTFY01 sp026710875
s__JACQXF01 sp016208855
s__Myxococcus dinghuensis
s__UBA1711 sp024400505
s__Microbacterium stercoris
s__TWA4 sp000875945
s__Leucobacter musarum
s__UBA10281 sp905235815
s__JAITMY01 sp031288885
s__Sulfuritalea sp016215645
s__Allorhizobium sp003501385
s__RUG11420 sp902798535
s__SKVL01 sp007129455
s__JAQVOV01 sp028702395
s__J125 sp003694325
s__Jejuia ulvae
s__UBA11400 sp003448835
s__CAMCVM01 sp945882015
s__Cetobacterium_A sp945952365
s__Algoriphagus sp029222925
s__Actibacterium mucosum
s__AG-337-I02 sp902571865
s__Modestobacter sp025966175
s__Luteimonas_E panaciterrae
s__Emticicia sp937903345
s__Flavobacterium sp947457255
s__Aegiribacteria sp030613065
s__BNVA01 sp025997755
s__Catellatospora tritici
s__UBA10649 sp026392575
s__Chryseobacterium kimseyorum
s__UMGS1865 sp015063725
s__Elainella saxicola
s__Collimonas antrihumi
s__JAADHO01 sp009992505
s__Porcipelethomonas sp015066715
s__UBA1547 sp002839415
s__E29-bin54 sp003552465
s__Phocaeicola sp958434805
s__GCA-2690565 sp913044165
s__Bog-532 sp019240215
s__Collinsella sp902470905
s__JACRUB01 sp014305015
s__JACCYK01 sp030859715
s__Fredricksoniimonas aquilentivivens
s__Onthoplasma sp949300385
s__SXVE01 sp005790265
s__Synechococcus_B spongiarum_B
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031279825
s__JAQVSP01 sp028700425
s__Kosakonia sp014490785
s__CAJWKT01 sp913041665
s__UBA6921 sp002450895
s__JANWZD01 sp025054935
s__JAFGPZ01 sp016935935
s__DUMC01 sp012840075
s__Geothrix sp021802985
s__Opacimonas sp014872805
s__UBA7862 sp937893125
s__UBA10103 sp024654165
s__UBA3282 sp023664865
s__JACQAP01 sp025351455
s__UBA2645 sp945902255
s__Prosthecobacter sp016713245
s__JAFLUQ01 sp947626145
s__NORP286 sp016763665
s__Odoribacter sp900762515
s__Fen-668 sp016213595
s__Jannaschia sp947494025
s__Rhodococcus sp002245895
s__Paremcibacter sp002401455
s__JACPKS01 sp016186905
s__Sebaldella sp031285605
s__Aureicoccus marinus
s__Nitrosospira sp000832065
s__Scatosoma sp944375795
s__PXCX01 sp003565195
s__JAAFGM01 sp025056965
s__Pseudemcibacter sp024236295
s__Bact-11 sp012511975
s__SIG440 sp017620615
s__JAACPR01 sp009995365
s__Microbacterium sp000685355
s__21-14-all-47-17 sp002786495
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902798365
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905234305
s__Proteiniphilum sp031284475
s__Bdellovibrio sp013360185
s__Brachybacterium kimchii
s__RUG11130 sp902766115
s__UBA8752 sp937996585
s__HGM16780 sp949295395
s__DAOURC01 sp030625285
s__OLB19 sp022730015
s__CANQVB01 sp947591575
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp934454635
s__Parasynechococcus sp000161795
s__Nitrospira_D sp902500805
s__JAIOJS01 sp019911795
s__CALUUT01 sp944324045
s__Aromatoleum sp003628555
s__ZC4RG35 sp003242515
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans_B
s__Streptomyces iconiensis
s__Faecousia sp030539285
s__Cephaloticoccus primus
s__RGIG1993 sp017407725
s__UBA6680 sp002454955
s__Colwellia sp018860585
s__Knoellia remsis
s__JAAFJM01 sp947464275
s__Xanthobacter sp023391175
s__Lysobacter tabacisoli
s__GCA-030583725 sp030583725
s__Acutalibacter sp021771115
s__JAJFGI01 sp021776215
s__Herbaspirillum sp028993615
s__Firm-18 sp001604215
s__JAFUYI01 sp016288295
s__JAQVEB01 sp028698105
s__Schlegelella_A sp030150305
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902601545
s__JAQCKY01 sp027592155
s__LMDS01 sp026224975
s__Haloferula luteola
s__Chordicoccus sp017430765
s__JAITMY01 sp031289995
s__Nostoc_B sp015207705
s__UBA9554 sp945881965
s__Faecalibacterium sp934525405
s__JAUPTX01 sp030917865
s__JACQEW01 sp016200365
s__Nitrosomonas communis_B
s__RGIG3926 sp017456015
s__UBA1757 sp002315625
s__Cardiobacterium sp938028825
s__Traorella sp945938205
s__JAUXAE01 sp030665535
s__Microcoleus sp025454405
s__Flagellimonas sp947258355
s__RUG754 sp946645735
s__CAG-448 sp017456905
s__JAGQLQ01 sp020429235
s__JACDDX01 sp013820855
s__Spirosoma endbachense
s__RUG11237 sp017399445
s__Cognatazoarcus sp020445785
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946404685
s__Villigracilis sp017303655
s__Kinetoplastibacterium sp022818765
s__CALLZM01 sp937858705
s__Paenibacillus gallinarum
s__Ga0074137 sp934277865
s__Zag111 sp934692295
s__Flavivirga sp028736925
s__Teretinema sp029571425
s__LCKU01 sp001001625
s__Roseovarius sp900327775
s__MSPOR6 sp022825825
s__JACMQJ01 sp014377055
s__Nitratifractor sp027035765
s__CAINDZ01 sp020049465
s__Aureimonas_A psammosilenae
s__JAACFB01 sp013138675
s__Methylomonas methanica_B
s__Actinomycetospora lutea
s__CAMCYG01 sp945883775
s__Cecembia lonarensis
s__WLNJ01 sp026392325
s__J223 sp024666615
s__JAGVSV01 sp019137115
s__Aegiribacteria sp030642525
s__UBA6857 sp017473435
s__Paucidesulfovibrio longus
s__Flavobacterium proteolyticum
s__JAVEDQ01 sp030840885
s__UBA10349 sp018660405
s__CADEGZ01 sp902827015
s__UBA8687 sp018665625
s__UBA11549 sp017539865
s__JALHQU01 sp022841795
s__RCIO01 sp019635695
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp030854665
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000239815
s__Polaromonas jejuensis
s__Paracoccus sp018056045
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017416065
s__Silanimonas sp003449515
s__Pelagibacter sp902577125
s__Algorimicrobium sp002414705
s__RUG11257 sp017561665
s__Cyanobium sp019038415
s__Dysosmobacter sp947631165
s__MGBC108787 sp947297555
s__JALQUO01 sp023263785
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902793125
s__GCA-002722245 sp002720635
s__Fimenecus sp945787805
s__Algoriphagus lutimaris
s__VMDK01 sp008080835
s__Rubrivivax sp024235855
s__JAHEMY01 sp024643425
s__Actinoplanes harbinensis
s__Acidoferrum sp003223255
s__JALHET01 sp022839525
s__LB3-1 sp019240175
s__Streptomyces sp002803155
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938033885
s__Novosphingobium malaysiense
s__Vibrio rarus
s__UBA1459 sp002325765
s__Blochmannia floridanus
s__JAGGVW01 sp021157805
s__Enterousia sp905236005
s__CABVBB01 sp902496505
s__Acetohalobium arabaticum
s__CAIOJG01 sp943359595
s__Nocardioides jensenii
s__DUMU01 sp012839805
s__JAFGKN01 sp016928605
s__JANLIO01 sp024654265
s__Luteibaculum oceani
s__UBA8349 sp003501375
s__Paraburkholderia phosphatilytica
s__Paucihalobacter ruber
s__Kitasatospora sp025655475
s__JAUYLN01 sp030698885
s__Ventricola sp004556985
s__Desulfotignum sp011390235
s__Tharpella sp011049115
s__RGIG6307 sp021205565
s__Thermocoleostomius sinensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902583635
s__CAG-115 sp947632025
s__JAIQFF01 sp020073395
s__Ferruginibacter sp016722465
s__CATLPS01 sp950054535
s__Tatlockia sp013697645
s__T3Sed10-11 sp003562775
s__RUG14130 sp024684375
s__UBA8108 sp002708465
s__CSP1-2 sp022615255
s__DDH964 sp001611275
s__JAIRNC01 sp031269875
s__Paraburkholderia sp005503145
s__Aliterella sp905479905
s__Avelusimicrobium sp949294085
s__Halalkalibacter oceani_A
s__Palsa-851 sp003162415
s__JAICKM01 sp030853735
s__Desulfotignum sp011389555
s__Vreelandella jeotgali
s__VFJJ01 sp009886115
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp023420795
s__GCA-2715465 sp002715465
s__JAGUVT01 sp020062745
s__JACTMZ01 sp014879535
s__JACOTV01 sp016178125
s__Anaerofilum sp020024115
s__DFXE01 sp031278605
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946628415
s__Caccovivens sp949001935
s__Palsa-147 sp013286465
s__CAG-873 sp017937625
s__JAPOZF01 sp026706165
s__JAAYMV01 sp012521185
s__UBA3663 sp024694125
s__Sphaerochaeta sp020054965
s__Entotheonella factor
s__UBA5976 sp026392515
s__JAMCZK01 sp026129305
s__Nanopelagicus abundans
s__JAUVRX01 sp947259195
s__Croceibacterium sp023432995
s__Tenuifilum sp011045955
s__Flavobacterium cerinum
s__JAPUJT01 sp027296055
s__Butyrivibrio sp017615275
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385645
s__Pelagibacter sp902517615
s__CAIVSN01 sp028687815
s__JAUMYL01 sp030528675
s__CAINWJ01 sp903854455
s__UBA12567 sp022446905
s__C7867-001 sp027459545
s__AWTP1-13 sp017353825
s__Qipengyuania sp947258465
s__Rhodococcus sp030656875
s__Vescimonas sp934589145
s__JJ008 sp016720565
s__JAOASE01 sp025210155
s__JAABRC01 sp029561195
s__2-01-FULL-44-17 sp016185545
s__Minicystis rosea
s__Chryseobacterium echinoideorum
s__Allorhizobium glycinendophyticum
s__Akkermansia sp024405435
s__Cellvibrio sp021151695
s__Natronincola_A peptidivorans
s__Anaerobutyricum sp934307085
s__Salinibacter sp002954405
s__Coprothermobacter sp012842545
s__Alkanindiges sp023393635
s__Actinosynnema sp000716595
s__JAJPJR01 sp021324165
s__Enterousia sp015062525
s__UBA8687 sp029261675
s__Brevundimonas sp013823285
s__JAGGXC01 sp021157625
s__JAUHWN01 sp030424665
s__LD21 sp026391475
s__Chryseobacterium ginsenosidimutans
s__Methylacidimicrobium cyclopophantes
s__SZUA-448 sp016280395
s__BJHT01 sp014193395
s__Segetibacter koreensis
s__JAISQF01 sp031283745
s__Collinsella sp959020715
s__Blautia_A sp946545425
s__Chamaesiphon sp025358725
s__Methylobacter_A sp947506075
s__Aminobacter sp003148805
s__WS-9 sp016880395
s__Aegiribacteria sp013138965
s__JADKHR01 sp016721625
s__UBA11361 sp955652655
s__Gemmatimonas sp016720905
s__VGRB01 sp016875475
s__Onthomonas sp020860575
s__UBA1254 sp017475525
s__Lentibacillus ihumii
s__JACMJB01 sp014380815
s__Microsaccharimonas sp002422915
s__Methylibium sp001425905
s__CAG-448 sp017408625
s__UBA866 sp949299455
s__CALMZN01 sp937870675
s__Aquiluna sp025997915
s__Cellvibrio sp003056245
s__Rhodoluna sp009703455
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BR
s__Xylanimonas allomyrinae
s__D2472 sp902541245
s__JABXJX01 sp013375375
s__Prosthecomicrobium_A staleyi
s__Desulfuribacillus alkaliarsenatis
s__VFJL01 sp026399575
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp027319095
s__SIG636 sp015064945
s__Enterocola sp009930305
s__RUG12783 sp902782535
s__Nocardioides sp029961745
s__GCA-2746365 sp015222915
s__Alistipes sp017463615
s__UBA5109 sp030831165
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_J
s__Thermomicrobium sp023806465
s__CAKSHP01 sp934457145
s__Rubripirellula sp938045805
s__Rhodococcus sp012515885
s__VBDL01 sp005884255
s__Geopsychrobacter sp030620915
s__Cloacibacterium sp002337005
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324105
s__Mucilaginibacter_A sp903642215
s__CAG-448 sp949286815
s__HGM12713 sp015063535
s__Hydromicrobium americanum
s__DAOVKH01 sp030631875
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp027484145
s__PGYV01 sp016937715
s__CSBR16-113R1 sp007116525
s__Thiogranum sp030148915
s__Gilliamella apicola_J
s__JAQBQZ01 sp028286725
s__Flavobacterium gelidilacus
s__Methylomagnum ishizawai_A
s__UMGS1613 sp947632395
s__Caproiciproducens sp023416955
s__Levilactobacillus fuyuanensis
s__Allopontixanthobacter sp024636575
s__Chelativorans_A xinjiangense
s__OLB19 sp020428815
s__B33-G16 sp030672485
s__VGOB01 sp026417715
s__Photobacterium aquae
s__J021 sp003696665
s__VGLH01 sp016866785
s__Collinsella sp902475825
s__JAJQAP01 sp021203745
s__Brevibacillus sp023746555
s__Ichthyobacterium seriolicida
s__JAPLST01 sp026398485
s__34-128 sp030666935
s__Caccovivens sp947090235
s__UBA1568 sp030690925
s__JALZUS01 sp023299885
s__Aeromicrobium sp023417775
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030373245
s__CAKSJY01 sp934486915
s__GCA-2746795 sp014879345
s__JAJMZJ01 sp021012875
s__Pseudomonas_E sp025465995
s__Croceimicrobium sp017795025
s__RUG11257 sp946415795
s__UBA8337 sp022426245
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp028408915
s__Thiobacillus sp010365175
s__Aliarcobacter caeni
s__WRAV01 sp030265885
s__UBA6094 sp002435915
s__JAUMXJ01 sp030529205
s__Nocardioides_B mesophilus
s__PALSA-1004 sp016192835
s__UBA5578 sp947632115
s__CALTTS01 sp943912265
s__Aquisphaera insulae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279935
s__S015-18 sp015486375
s__GCA-2737665 sp030855855
s__JACQGT01 sp945905745
s__Eoetvoesia sp937871985
s__Onthenecus sp023404715
s__Veronia nyctiphanis
s__Mycobacterium sp945882475
s__JADLGH01 sp020849425
s__Niabella yanshanensis
s__Litorimonas sp938001915
s__JAHEIK01 sp024639415
s__DAOVGN01 sp030672385
s__Duganella flavida
s__Proteus sp011046025
s__W0P33-017 sp947086625
s__Paludibacter sp022708505
s__JAFGXW01 sp030636545
s__Fibrobacter sp024398965
s__JACDDX01 sp013813675
s__CAG-273 sp017479865
s__Hymenobacter metallilatus
s__Faecousia sp945487445
s__Micromonospora siamensis
s__Algoriphagus sp030403435
s__UBA12478 sp016188495
s__JACCTI01 sp030948555
s__Asticcacaulis tiandongensis
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005889085
s__Labrys miyagiensis
s__54-19 sp028287745
s__Ketobacter sp003671495
s__Cellvibrio sp946480695
s__STB-63 sp028711965
s__Parafilimonas sp023386395
s__Psychromonas sp023145575
s__Cysteiniphilum halobium
s__Nanosyncoccus sp938046495
s__HGM04593 sp017546635
s__Gleimia sp030537795
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp012032285
s__Hylemonella sp028869035
s__Eubacterium_F sp002490465
s__CAKPXW01 sp022767485
s__WJKP01 sp014729025
s__Collinsella sp902468045
s__Streptomyces naganishii
s__UBA4372 sp017445925
s__JABHGY01 sp016784605
s__Neiella holothuriorum
s__Pedobacter helvus
s__UBA2093 sp021299715
s__Filomicrobium sp018819265
s__JAEDES01 sp017416535
s__Anaerosacchariphilus polymeriproducens
s__Acidocella sp021808205
s__Flavobacterium sp951805225
s__Faecisoma sp944363995
s__UBA5946 sp946886435
s__JACQEL01 sp016200595
s__Oligella sp012511095
s__VMGF01 sp007376445
s__Finegoldia sp910589545
s__UBA1267 sp002315255
s__Fimimonas sp947601445
s__JAIROZ01 sp031280455
s__JALGZG01 sp030638405
s__GCA-2748575 sp022361455
s__JADJNY01 sp016220035
s__JAVHLK01 sp031082285
s__Leptothermofonsia sp023511615
s__CAMNHZ01 sp946540075
s__JAHDDZ01 sp020629095
s__PFJX01 sp945897865
s__JAMDCE01 sp023489135
s__Lepagella sp030524805
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp024691465
s__Planktophila sp017858325
s__Paraburkholderia sp017104565
s__Pelagibacter sp902632665
s__Paralachnospira_A sp944383605
s__CAIXAA01 sp903917305
s__UMGS1613 sp947628565
s__Brotaphodocola sp022776445
s__Palsa-1315 sp016200355
s__Tsukamurella spumae
s__Leisingera sp025144465
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp030526265
s__JAUJNF01 sp030446485
s__Prevotella sp902803475
s__Pelagibacter_A ubique_B
s__Palsa-1392 sp030855965
s__UBA1439 sp937858775
s__UBA738 sp944385885
s__Jejuia aquatilis
s__Rubrobacter_F sp030867425
s__Jatrophihabitans_A sp030840445
s__Nodosilinea nodulosa
s__Mobilitalea sp023418475
s__GCA-2733415 sp947493535
s__UBA7485 sp937872065
s__JJ008 sp016866355
s__Symmachiella sp937952455
s__Pseudolabrys sp029980465
s__Gaoshiqia sediminis
s__RGIG7450 sp017558425
s__Acinetobacter sp001647675
s__HGM04593 sp017557045
s__CAJQOT01 sp947378695
s__JAKIU001 sp024279115
s__Psychrobacter sp022129405
s__JAPUFN01 sp027293665
s__Pelagibacter sp902598425
s__JABJOR01 sp018664265
s__UBA2383 sp030917925
s__Shouchella lonarensis
s__Lacinutrix sp000211855
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli_E
s__CAMMMX01 sp946498095
s__Luminiphilus sp938091425
s__Ventricola intestinavium
s__Rubellimicrobium thermophilum
s__Paenibacillus stellifer
s__Edaphobacter sp009765825
s__AR8 sp003220195
s__OPU3-GD-OMZ sp913019935
s__RZYX01 sp009930155
s__Vampirovibrio chlorellavorus_B
s__UBA2834 sp024402895
s__GCA-2402025 sp022601395
s__Humimicrobium sp003486795
s__RBC036 sp902826945
s__Palsa-1315 sp005239475
s__WRJA01 sp009782435
s__Enterenecus sp946548895
s__JACQTX01 sp016210585
s__RDZH01 sp004292675
s__JAFGFN01 sp016931035
s__UMGS1994 sp947589065
s__UBA1140 sp027055805
s__Ancylobacter novellus
s__Rubritalea sp023300205
s__Paracoccus rhizosphaerae
s__Casp-actino8 sp016871355
s__Sulfuricella sp030691435
s__Mycoplasmopsis opalescens
s__Antrihabitans stalagmiti
s__Lysobacter_C sp030857025
s__Gulosibacter chungangensis
s__JAISRD01 sp031273835
s__Sporomusa sp023443285
s__Rhodoferax_C sp029866205
s__Rhodoluna sp024642605
s__Sulfuricurvum sp023250475
s__JABWAT01 sp013360915
s__Cyanobium sp026389255
s__Ferruginibacter sp018268185
s__Helicobacter_F himalayensis
s__CAIJXO01 sp903822075
s__Streptococcus mitis_P
s__Porcipelethomonas sp947178195
s__JAHIRI01 sp018818855
s__CAIKZZ01 sp018241545
s__Eubacterium_I sp021202015
s__Sphingomonas_N morindae
s__JACPQO01 sp016190405
s__JAAFJR01 sp013298945
s__JAGZLR01 sp018364635
s__CAG-273 sp944393165
s__JACRJW01 sp020051955
s__JACDCJ01 sp013817655
s__JABFXC01 sp013361745
s__PH2015 sp013298775
s__Gastranaerophilus sp944323035
s__Faecousia sp017537045
s__UBA7109 sp948844705
s__Cedecea sp011752815
s__Conyzicola arctica
s__Profundibacter sp002748285
s__Actinotalea sp014360395
s__Paraburkholderia tropica_A
s__JARYLX01 sp026417975
s__Seleniivibrio sp002452335
s__DYFQ01 sp020725105
s__Brevibacillus_F migulae
s__Jeotgalicoccus sp947631305
s__Planococcus sp030147225
s__CANQKG01 sp947624425
s__Lachnospira sp030536855
s__CAISZI01 sp903889905
s__Ancylobacter pratisalsi
s__Volucribacter amazonae
s__Aureivirga marina
s__Luteolibacter sp026461385
s__Hoeflea sp030682515
s__RGIG2066 sp017410445
s__Friedmanniella sp025964935
s__BrNp1-15 sp022259695
s__Rhodoferax_C sp937863075
s__JAIRRL01 sp031266805
s__Henriciella litoralis
s__Cellulomonas septica
s__BNUH01 sp031270865
s__VGXW01 sp016795295
s__Shewanella sp947503555
s__DRPN01 sp015486475
s__DSDE01 sp011049095
s__QIAJ01 sp003154055
s__Mesorhizobium loti_G
s__Butyrivibrio sp016291375
s__Flemingibacterium sp017472255
s__JALHQF01 sp022842085
s__Flavobacterium sp023386585
s__BS750m-G57 sp030745875
s__SUG1228 sp029007845
s__JALYLE01 sp030774375
s__Amycolatopsis_D cihanbeyliensis
s__UBA1784 sp017504125
s__Pedobacter schmidteae
s__Anaerotardibacter sp902470405
s__Catenulispora sp013361685
s__Anaerocolumna sp023387635
s__Bilifractor sp021442545
s__Pelagibacter sp902594915
s__Pelagirhabdus alkalitolerans
s__JACKDN01 sp937896275
s__JARLHE01 sp031292385
s__Rossellomorea vietnamensis_B
s__Petralouisia sp947384285
s__Brachyspira sp934725655
s__CAMDAI01 sp945888585
s__CAJXGZ01 sp913053795
s__Ideonella oryzae
s__UBA6256 sp012842395
s__JAEYOM01 sp023439545
s__Fen-1039 sp003157875
s__Bifidobacterium santillanense
s__Palsa-504 sp003161205
s__Didemnitutus sp016217545
s__DT-110 sp030148525
s__Paracoccus onubensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902532805
s__JAIPEK01 sp021737205
s__QHXN01 sp019242475
s__Nitrospira_D sp015904045
s__JABDDY01 sp013287365
s__UBA2022 sp016182915
s__RBG-16-65-34 sp001785115
s__JACQZJ01 sp020723465
s__Qingrenia sp015068825
s__UBA1732 sp017524965
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882405
s__Collimonas sp900112135
s__Caballeronia temeraria
s__WJIO01 sp014730235
s__Streptomyces sp030553055
s__UBA7957 sp030546905
s__SIG307 sp017503735
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902796555
s__Eubacterium_I sp021203005
s__Arachnia sp030426725
s__Afipia sp001425835
s__Nitrincola sp007693685
s__UMGS882 sp016286245
s__Bradyrhizobium agreste
s__JACCYN01 sp013696465
s__JAAZJW01 sp012800145
s__JAABRT01 sp022843265
s__Chondrinema litorale
s__WRKB01 sp031253875
s__Defluviilinea sp016932715
s__Palsa-1315 sp005116775
s__Lysobacter_B sp023394655
s__PALSA-1316 sp004321925
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000612585
s__Coproplasma sp947628505
s__Mycetocola_A sp025464835
s__Alteromonas lipotrueiana
s__Chordicoccus sp902785985
s__GCA-2786165 sp024742995
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp020445315
s__Dysgonomonas sp900079725
s__MED-G14 sp902610105
s__JAIRLU01 sp031266255
s__Collinsella sp022713905
s__Vitreimonas sp016791365
s__BOG-908 sp903643085
s__CAG-266 sp949288065
s__GCA-2747515 sp002747515
s__Aquiluna sp017854485
s__Burkholderia cepacia_D
s__Collinsella sp902495085
s__Mycobacterium sp001665235
s__Nitrosospira sp900215485
s__JAIOSI01 sp021107695
s__Sphingobacterium sp011043555
s__Planococcus versutus
s__Otoolea sp018377235
s__M2408 sp021325675
s__JAIRNH01 sp031275395
s__Alistipes sp944320665
s__CALMLW01 sp937868015
s__Faecousia sp017461445
s__M55B120 sp018400395
s__UBA699 sp937927335
s__Anaerotardibacter sp934617065
s__Bordetella_B sp000382185
s__CAG-269 sp934167965
s__CALGGB01 sp938014945
s__Limimorpha sp902771635
s__REDI01 sp007693595
s__Salipaludibacillus sp029891575
s__Oscillochloris sp019599295
s__Dyadobacter sp017744695
s__JADGGM01 sp946479015
s__JAQGOV01 sp028293425
s__RHKX01 sp018263295
s__Hippea alviniae
s__CAIKXV01 sp945877995
s__AG41 sp016880225
s__Chitiniphilus eburneus
s__Lepagella sp014801605
s__Asticcacaulis machinosus
s__Aequorivita sp029814825
s__UBA967 sp937919825
s__DSBP01 sp011049465
s__Flavihumibacter cheonanensis
s__Cycloclasticus sp016764415
s__Acuticoccus sp937884725
s__JAKSRN01 sp030526405
s__Mycobacterium botniense
s__Caulobacter sp028291265
s__Helcobacillus sp947252755
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli_F
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp024693775
s__JABEUT01 sp013288345
s__Propionivibrio sp029975435
s__JAOIVE01 sp028223895
s__BAIKAL-G1-2R sp903877395
s__Ligilactobacillus faecis
s__Flavobacterium sp945957245
s__JAUVRX01 sp029287645
s__Vagococcus_B acidifermentans
s__SXQI01 sp945867235
s__Paracoccus methylarcula
s__Sphingopyxis sp963205285
s__UBA9339 sp031263815
s__SZAS-18 sp025353105
s__UBA3792 sp946631895
s__SOIL31 sp001468865
s__Limimorpha sp024400395
s__Psychroflexus maritimus
s__RUG658 sp017651625
s__B33-G16 sp020355145
s__Daejeonella sp014378705
s__ELB16-189 sp003537495
s__JAIRLF01 sp031279695
s__Rufibacter sp013623775
s__Yeosuana sp024643405
s__Pristimantibacillus glycanilyticus_B
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000757845
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947166295
s__JAHFNY01 sp023267075
s__Bacteroides sp944322275
s__Pseudooceanicola sp011806405
s__Alpinimonas sp947443745
s__HIMB59 sp902574995
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp019237595
s__Eubacterium_F sp947628225
s__Flavobacterium suaedae
s__UBA931 sp031277445
s__JAAXIE01 sp012270525
s__CAG-196 sp944322835
s__T1SED10-81 sp003554025
s__Gracilimonas amylolytica
s__UBA8639 sp902500695
s__Saccharofermentans sp900099715
s__JABEVM01 sp013041585
s__Hoeflea_A sp004959855
s__SZUA-33 sp003233175
s__Thalassospira sp000948415
s__Streptomyces spiramenti
s__Faecousia sp017516925
s__Limnobacter sp021299735
s__Sedimentibacter sp023453025
s__JACQLN01 sp016188765
s__MWFF01 sp022710935
s__JACQAB01 sp016195205
s__Psychroflexus sp003565575
s__CAG-269 sp947245515
s__Scatocola sp017477185
s__Nocardioides sp020438665
s__UBA6168 sp002435785
s__UBA6103 sp002423545
s__SHYQ01 sp947472995
s__CAG-115 sp945933905
s__UBA7805 sp029245145
s__Granulosicoccus sp938003775
s__RGIG4079 sp015060975
s__JACQUE01 sp016210425
s__UBA11996 sp029936675
s__Kineothrix sp012520655
s__UBA952 sp937975705
s__Aquifex aeolicus_B
s__Desulfosoma caldarium
s__JACKCG01 sp937974245
s__UBA9145 sp002402175
s__Fen-1039 sp025358515
s__JAIRKI01 sp031273805
s__Rubrobacter_F sp902806055
s__Psychrosphaera sp947500655
s__HRBIN30 sp026415395
s__Limivicinus sp017447645
s__UBA3571 sp013151115
s__GCA-2701705 sp002701705
s__UBA6857 sp902772935
s__CALLXA01 sp938015795
s__HGM12713 sp015063335
s__Flagellimonas okinawensis
s__CALCID01 sp937907535
s__Brachyspira sp002379365
s__Oribacterium sp000702885
s__Sphingopyxis sp020850455
s__Micromonospora sp029626145
s__RUG591 sp947595345
s__C7867-001 sp002441425
s__Sulfurovum sp020726105
s__Propionicimonas sp023387135
s__J048 sp003695825
s__Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans_A
s__GCA-2737665 sp025454955
s__Collinsella sp959605475
s__SYDM01 sp905618885
s__JAAZNV01 sp019428825
s__Polaribacter_A sp013373385
s__Saccharicenans sp017992175
s__QY30 sp002356635
s__Thiohalomonas denitrificans_A
s__JABSSB01 sp013214715
s__JAJZWH01 sp021790875
s__JACRHE01 sp016217695
s__GRL18 sp016744995
s__Bathyanammoxibius sp030598065
s__Streptomyces cylindrosporus
s__JANWVE01 sp025056095
s__Arthrobacter globiformis_C
s__Virgisporangium ochraceum
s__Caccoplasma_A sp017521245
s__MVRN01 sp002067965
s__Arachnia sp016714275
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp001464315
s__Firm-04 sp017414145
s__Acetivibrio sp012519925
s__UBA1786 sp017614465
s__CSSed11-175R1 sp007120465
s__AG-422-B15 sp902533965
s__TMED170 sp002170875
s__PZPK01 sp022447365
s__UBA6065 sp002428865
s__Specibacter sp017353415
s__Sulfuritalea sp001828935
s__Microbacterium lemovicicum
s__Palsa-465 sp955652215
s__Gp7-AA6 sp030948185
s__Telluribacter humicola
s__ARS98 sp002685655
s__Streptomyces sp002803075
s__Rubrivivax sp937975735
s__RGIG3528 sp016291655
s__Parazoarcus sp030656215
s__JAOBAU01 sp025463165
s__JAFGDC01 sp016932295
s__CAJOJO01 sp017476705
s__Desulfobacillus sp018262775
s__Parafilimonas sp903642275
s__Desulfosarcina sp018224455
s__Blautia_A sp945872375
s__Leeuwenhoekiella polynyae
s__UMGS1601 sp947624675
s__Pelagibacter sp902597515
s__PXAH01 sp003565945
s__Brevibacterium sp022748595
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_E
s__Firm-07 sp017396225
s__DAOWLE01 sp030643545
s__JAMNXX01 sp023623095
s__Flavivirga sp030540775
s__JAUNQF01 sp030536315
s__PH2015 sp025363605
s__Halalkalibaculum roseum
s__Merdibacter massiliensis
s__JAAERC01 sp024230695
s__JAJRRS01 sp029260615
s__Onthousia sp946497375
s__Rhizobium sp001429725
s__Halopseudomonas yangmingensis
s__BACL14 sp902558495
s__Caldilinea sp025055055
s__Streptomyces davaonensis
s__Acetobacter sp937900755
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938046575
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp944380455
s__JAFGMA01 sp016927835
s__Lentilactobacillus sp026913205
s__Piscirickettsia sp001644975
s__Nitrospira_D moscoviensis
s__Pedobacter sp031179845
s__JADHYG01 sp016782545
s__CP2-2F sp002794705
s__DAOWES01 sp027064945
s__Pelagibacter sp902580505
s__JADGBD01 sp015231665
s__Pseudoleptotrichia sp003932895
s__JAISFT01 sp031263435
s__Neobacillus sp000686805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030816195
s__Kribbella catacumbae
s__Roseovarius sp934501475
s__Lacunisphaera sp016795545
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp019739225
s__DAOUVR01 sp030610655
s__UBA1138 sp022560615
s__T3Sed10-336 sp003566375
s__Abditibacterium sp004172935
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp016742125
s__UBA3006 sp014190095
s__Granulicella_C sp025350865
s__Parasphingopyxis sp020200935
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_I
s__Fumia sp904396495
s__CAG-196 sp015152525
s__JAACDM01 sp938082635
s__Palsa-872 sp030946685
s__Nocardiopsis_A endophytica
s__Desulfogranum propionicus_A
s__JABMPK01 sp018701105
s__Billgrantia sp014931605
s__CG1-02-40-82 sp001819495
s__JAKAFS01 sp023487865
s__Paraprevotella sp017630975
s__Villigracilis sp030680795
s__URXU01 sp947629685
s__Streptococcus mitis_DB
s__Pelobium puniceum
s__Pedobacter sp946478755
s__Luteolibacter muciniphilus_E
s__Prevotella sp905234265
s__Pelagibacter sp902556265
s__Lepagella sp947176545
s__Neorhizobium sp003597675
s__Paucisalibacillus contaminans
s__PSRF01 sp023717565
s__Hansschlegelia sp003241695
s__Herbaspirillum sp000282135
s__JAFGEW01 sp016931415
s__UBA4971 sp012512055
s__Collinsella sp902494295
s__Caulifigura sp019636235
s__JAUYDU01 sp030691665
s__SLK101 sp007134695
s__Thermoflexibacter sp004294445
s__Glutamicibacter sp026107515
s__Desulfoplanes formicivorans
s__PWHW01 sp003551435
s__Sediminibacterium pinensis_G
s__Winogradskyella sp030407435
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216575
s__Acetatifactor sp017473445
s__Rossellomorea aquimaris_B
s__Bin18 sp011523265
s__RGIG4790 sp017467585
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024749285
s__JAUSEN01 sp030650025
s__CAG-793 sp947627825
s__Competibacter_A sp002352125
s__JAIRWR01 sp031268885
s__Nonlabens ponticola
s__Leucobacter tardus
s__Pedobacter sp016428855
s__Photobacterium indicum
s__Alistipes sp947623965
s__Thiosymbion ectosymbiont_A
s__Collinsella sp905215905
s__Planktophila sp947478965
s__Defluviilinea sp020847435
s__UMGS1484 sp934444695
s__FEN-1343 sp003171335
s__Streptomyces inusitatus
s__SZUA-117 sp938003715
s__Frankia sp023243045
s__Planktophila sp945873335
s__Streptomyces sp006715395
s__UBA998 sp019749855
s__Staphylococcus sp022346615
s__CAIWXH01 sp013336035
s__Lacticaseibacillus kribbianus
s__DAOWES01 sp030638385
s__UMGS1649 sp017549425
s__JANQJB01 sp028281865
s__Fen-1038 sp021812905
s__Marivirga harenae
s__Acidovorax sp004210805
s__MED-G82 sp003331565
s__Maribacter sp905479535
s__Raineyella antarctica
s__JAIRNH01 sp031273735
s__Halobacillus dabanensis
s__Caulobacter sp900114015
s__Flavobacterium sp025947085
s__Sphingomonas sp030149245
s__Bacteroides sp009929715
s__SKW257 sp026416815
s__Chryseobacterium elymi
s__UBA953 sp026397955
s__Treponema_D sp024693045
s__RGIG6429 sp017533545
s__JAEUNJ01 sp016791145
s__Ramlibacter sp947476465
s__RPQJ01 sp019136105
s__Novisyntrophococcus liquoris
s__Xenorhabdus thuongxuanensis
s__Collinsella sp902467875
s__Rhodoluna sp937898095
s__UBA1361 sp937895315
s__Sphingomicrobium sp019264355
s__JADGOR01 sp017882855
s__JAAXQG01 sp012974445
s__JAJOKO01 sp021129825
s__JAUHZC01 sp030425805
s__Cycloclasticus sp002101235
s__Angelobacter sp027307295
s__UMGS1668 sp017424665
s__Mangrovimonas_A sp001280505
s__JABWCL01 sp013360295
s__RGIG6307 sp021200995
s__Sulfurimonas sp027066935
s__Granulosicoccus sp937924505
s__Herbiconiux moechotypicola
s__FEN-299 sp025363775
s__JAPWJZ01 sp028283745
s__PHOS-HE28 sp024640205
s__Zoogloea sp016790385
s__RBG-13-53-26 sp016875915
s__Gaiella sp013694685
s__Ventrenecus sp947623995
s__UBA1213 sp947585965
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030699825
s__Bipolaricaulis sp020724765
s__GCA-002840935 sp002840935
s__Faunimonas sp023417735
s__CANMOZ01 sp947499545
s__Pedobacter sp026239655
s__Devosia sediminis
s__PSRQ01 sp003176165
s__Poriferisocius sp022827405
s__Aliagarivorans taiwanensis
s__IMCC26256 sp001023575
s__Devosia salina
s__JABDGJ01 sp013286075
s__RPRI01 sp020052975
s__JACCYN01 sp013695245
s__Suilimivivens sp014804785
s__Desulfobulbus sp030602145
s__JACRPC01 sp016214125
s__Methylotenera sp002429455
s__Microcoleus sp014695295
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216355
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp025363555
s__UBA2862 sp017459565
s__VAZQ01 sp005883445
s__JACQTO01 sp016210745
s__JAHIYT01 sp018814945
s__Orenia metallireducens
s__Hydrogenedens sp937124615
s__Chlorobium sp903874585
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385675
s__CAG-488 sp934456435
s__Sulfurimonas lithotrophica
s__RGIG3102 sp017483145
s__CAIKZJ01 sp021286895
s__Halobacillus litoralis_E
s__UMGS1865 sp017456625
s__Sva-25 sp029287695
s__QS-8-64-10 sp003023245
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947628355
s__Floccifex sp018065105
s__Polynucleobacter sp947457745
s__Bog-950 sp947478005
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031268375
s__CAG-273 sp944392435
s__JADKJB01 sp016722525
s__Azonexus sp945957265
s__JABDQZ01 sp013041975
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007117255
s__UBA1712 sp905235845
s__Vagococcus_D coleopterorum
s__Mobilitalea sp023411555
s__JACAEZ01 sp013388565
s__Caldisericum exile
s__UBA2219 sp002327765
s__Streptomyces sp002291145
s__Deinococcus hopiensis_A
s__Parvibaculum sp002841195
s__Pelagibacter sp902532225
s__JACMRI01 sp014376525
s__Streptococcus sp001813295
s__Leptolinea sp012798535
s__UMGS1613 sp947625635
s__Chryseobacterium_A sp023411265
s__Actinopolyspora mortivallis
s__CACXMZ01 sp905234635
s__Geothrix terrae
s__Pelagibacter sp902590295
s__Draconibacterium sp913063105
s__Caproiciproducens galactitolivorans_A
s__JASJCL01 sp030066015
s__Paenibacillus terrae_C
s__JANYLN01 sp025357795
s__JANSYC01 sp024742605
s__JAGVQJ01 sp020051775
s__CAIVHB01 sp028873535
s__NBLK01 sp002084505
s__Erythrobacter sp947503275
s__UBA4372 sp024699495
s__Trichormus sp000316645
s__Tenebribacter sp030600585
s__Marinobacter fuscus
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp002732685
s__CAILZL01 sp947454465
s__Ketobacter alkanivorans
s__RGIG1995 sp017473865
s__SCAELEC01 sp031316155
s__JAGGUH01 sp021158645
s__NK4A144 sp905236615
s__JAHIRI01 sp016214745
s__JALVIU01 sp027028665
s__Marinobacter maroccanus
s__Polynucleobacter ibericus
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_Z
s__Cysteiniphilum sp027621155
s__Lutibacter sp004121075
s__JADGBX01 sp015231265
s__Dietzia massiliensis
s__VXYL01 sp026706425
s__JAUYBE01 sp030693235
s__Streptomyces sp026339735
s__GCA-016699895 sp027492735
s__Pseudorhodobacter sp003991405
s__SCN-70-22 sp020852815
s__JANQEZ01 sp028278115
s__Ga0077548 sp963205465
s__Allorhizobium sp002307905
s__JAHFDX01 sp023248785
s__Thiolapillus sp012962365
s__PUMT01 sp003551495
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp017407665
s__Carboxylicivirga sp022361295
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_BA
s__JAUYVH01 sp030715135
s__VBCG01 sp937958295
s__JALOTG01 sp025458005
s__CAIKZZ01 sp025355105
s__Bordetella_C sp021325795
s__Bulleidia sp024696355
s__Vibrio sp002812955
s__Nesterenkonia sp946221825
s__WRMH01 sp009781695
s__Pseudomonas_E fragi_E
s__Pelagibacter sp902546085
s__Muricoprocola sp934408725
s__JABWCD01 sp020848835
s__UBA3212 sp934339365
s__Phenylobacterium sp024699945
s__Pullichristensenella excrementigallinarum
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902784785
s__JAAYBG01 sp023422115
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902535505
s__Nocardioides sp014360585
s__Streptomyces sp009769735
s__Winogradskyella sp028282165
s__Wujia sp017464045
s__JAJCXR01 sp029263315
s__UBA4096 sp947448495
s__Sulfuriflexus sp027078075
s__Psychrobacter sp008369115
s__Methylobacterium sp023386115
s__JANYLD01 sp025363835
s__GWA2-52-8 sp001804025
s__Fen-1038 sp021324435
s__CAKVOD01 sp934778205
s__RUG591 sp944350445
s__JAKAWM01 sp021323695
s__UBA2093 sp026393535
s__JANXXY01 sp025350365
s__MGBC162267 sp948439995
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063645
s__Pelagibacter sp902559565
s__GWA1-44-29 sp030699445
s__Algibacter_E sp947495925
s__JAISFT01 sp031288815
s__Agromyces protaetiae
s__RUG563 sp946615495
s__CSBR16-87 sp007116105
s__UBA737 sp017416285
s__Helicobacter_J sp002272835
s__Scybalousia sp944350415
s__Enterovirga sp019247255
s__WRLA01 sp009777825
s__Thioflexithrix psekupsensis
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016788485
s__CAG-196 sp944325545
s__M0108 sp016714645
s__JACQOX01 sp016202335
s__RGIG2707 sp017437925
s__AC2028 sp946631935
s__Spirulina_A subsalsa
s__UBA6182 sp002422065
s__Cellulomonas sp001898175
s__JAGWAJ01 sp026706755
s__JAIYCW01 sp027487815
s__Novosphingobium sp028736195
s__Roseivirga sp018402485
s__JABDGZ01 sp013286575
s__Streptomyces sp001653515
s__Flexivirga sp026162425
s__JAITOG01 sp031290075
s__Moorella mulderi
s__F1-80-MAGS106 sp947487925
s__Lentimicrobium sp024636955
s__Saccharofermentans sp017537905
s__Sulfurimicrobium sp003104895
s__Geothrix sp903839205
s__Microbacterium paraoxydans_C
s__JANQHY01 sp028282395
s__Aestuariivirga sp025363755
s__SZUA-1492 sp015662065
s__UBA6920 sp024641505
s__Chondrinema sp002729595
s__GUT77 sp001462255
s__JAUVWK01 sp030604165
s__Pseudothermotoga_A sp028276125
s__UBA11490 sp934747775
s__UBA1756 sp017961265
s__Methylophilus sp936943315
s__UBA6772 sp913041775
s__Ottowia sp030535425
s__Zooshikella sp018837975
s__Anaerotruncus sp021770005
s__JAUVYF01 sp030611415
s__AG-337-I02 sp902590695
s__Tannerella sp031289275
s__JASLDZ01 sp030151985
s__DRYD01 sp030549815
s__Arthrobacter defluvii_B
s__Brevibacillus_B daliensis
s__Ruminococcus_E sp021202245
s__Dinghuibacter silviterrae
s__WRJK01 sp009778415
s__Tumebacillus permanentifrigoris
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060385
s__JACQLN01 sp030697855
s__Rhodoferax_C sp025351745
s__Onthoplasma sp934747385
s__SM3-B41 sp018433765
s__VFZE01 sp016871315
s__Blautia_A sp934371915
s__JAFLDD01 sp947458525
s__FEN-1350 sp003152975
s__Sphingomicrobium hankyongi
s__JANWJV01 sp025451785
s__Oligosphaera sp028706165
s__Reyranella sp004297265
s__UBA1179 sp902774275
s__Shewanella violacea
s__Denitrobaculum sp947500035
s__UBA1783 sp012799935
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp003245695
s__CAG-177 sp017502085
s__Roseburia_C sp947383215
s__WRGT01 sp002839285
s__SHVO01 sp947481595
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp025455535
s__JAKSUU01 sp024408695
s__Mangrovibacterium diazotrophicum
s__RGIG577 sp017405765
s__AC2028 sp024684215
s__Allopseudarcicella beregesia
s__JAKITW01 sp021647905
s__TMED6 sp002701185
s__JAFGTC01 sp016934335
s__Pseudomonas_M sp002286785
s__CFBP-8762 sp014841565
s__Solirubrum gummosum
s__JAPLGE01 sp026390315
s__UBA11490 sp015055515
s__17J80-11 sp014349105
s__CALMEE01 sp937862885
s__Paucidesulfovibrio sp028708865
s__JAFGXW01 sp029939945
s__JANELJ01 sp027071355
s__UBA4720 sp013816695
s__PALSA-600 sp025964395
s__Bowdeniella nasicola_C
s__VGWG01 sp016873675
s__Prevotella sp017471465
s__JACQHA01 sp016199255
s__CAMCTP01 sp945878495
s__JALHQU01 sp947474875
s__JAFFTF01 sp022803075
s__Mesomycoplasma ovipneumoniae_B
s__UBA967 sp002396485
s__14-2 sp026000755
s__Cohnella faecalis
s__Erwinia endophytica
s__CWE sp019646055
s__Corynebacterium sp030252165
s__WLND01 sp945861925
s__Phil12 sp017633985
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp947499975
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030041415
s__UBA7441 sp018402305
s__Rhodovarius sp014376425
s__IDS-52 sp028279425
s__JAUYIW01 sp030688135
s__UMGS2068 sp934096315
s__Salibaculum sp009908505
s__Jiangella mangrovi
s__UBA8401 sp903907305
s__VXNF01 sp028824415
s__JAMCYN01 sp026392045
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401945
s__JAJNDL01 sp029237815
s__SZUA-584 sp023416745
s__WRNU01 sp009782565
s__JADKJR01 sp016720925
s__Paracrocinitomix sp913054135
s__Nocardioides coralli
s__SZUA-467 sp003252455
s__Mesomycoplasma ovipneumoniae_E
s__Kocuria sp030538595
s__GCA-2705445 sp913042035
s__Erythrobacter sp023653115
s__Streptococcus castoreus
s__Cupriavidus basilensis_D
s__UBA12191 sp029976805
s__UBA2862 sp902785105
s__Pontibacter sp019599265
s__CAINEW01 sp903847915
s__SYBY01 sp005788585
s__Idiomarina rhizosphaerae
s__UBA7359 sp030829985
s__JAJZVS01 sp027340195
s__Sorangium cellulosum_B
s__Thermaurantimonas sp937929815
s__Methylomagnum ishizawai
s__UBA3006 sp017853385
s__Marinospirillum sp947624795
s__JAIRNH01 sp031276985
s__RUG760 sp017634575
s__Streptococcus sp959025735
s__Dysosmobacter sp944385475
s__Pelagibacter sp016777545
s__JAPLZT01 sp026394855
s__Rossellomorea aquimaris
s__Bartonella melophagi
s__Asticcacaulis sp030505395
s__UBA7702 sp002482535
s__Geminocystis sp016743215
s__Sporolactobacillus kofuensis
s__Rudaea sp021325475
s__JAIBDK01 sp024679435
s__CAISGS01 sp903884915
s__UBA5072 sp016930375
s__GCA-2683135 sp002683135
s__UBA2282 sp000995125
s__Acinetobacter sp022601715
s__Devosia sp028290245
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp015057185
s__Moraxella sp030530785
s__Aureibacillus halotolerans
s__Alistipes sp947623305
s__Usitatibacter sp025936275
s__Fructobacillus americanaquae
s__Sphingopyxis sp001830555
s__Legionella_A sp945862405
s__JAPOQI01 sp026710765
s__Desulfoluna sp013619155
s__Pontibaca sp947504115
s__UBA8592 sp913031515
s__JAIMAU01 sp023511795
s__VXNE01 sp022825925
s__MO66 sp026645775
s__JAOUOA01 sp029880625
s__Pararhizobium sp900473045
s__Mycoplasma_L liparidae
s__Sphingomonas sp913774285
s__RFSX01 sp937929835
s__MSPOR6 sp026710795
s__WQUF01 sp009785875
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017455145
s__JAHDHF01 sp020631455
s__JAKJGA01 sp023396615
s__JAAZYN01 sp014239625
s__CSSed11-197 sp003563865
s__SXHM01 sp945870105
s__Polaromonas sp947449895
s__Dysosmobacter sp947365245
s__UBA3282 sp946566685
s__Streptomyces sp001280065
s__Acetatifactor sp017521605
s__JARGGI01 sp029210775
s__Actinomycetospora soli
s__Anderseniella sp024642465
s__CFH-32150 sp022758295
s__Nocardioides plantarum
s__SLST01 sp007130265
s__CAG-273 sp947632525
s__MGR-bin340 sp013816805
s__CAJIYG01 sp949372805
s__JAFGBI01 sp016933275
s__Bact-11 sp947307265
s__UBA2289 sp028697025
s__CAIKZZ01 sp018241525
s__JAHCID01 sp026129405
s__CAMDKS01 sp026390495
s__UBA954 sp018882785
s__Quinella sp947165185
s__UM-FILTER-41-21 sp018664485
s__JAJFGN01 sp021776175
s__BOG-935 sp031291685
s__UBA1447 sp002329225
s__UBA1224 sp017398245
s__Phycicoccus sp016888005
s__Rubricoccus marinus
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_M
s__Echinicola salinicaeni
s__Flavisolibacter ginsengisoli
s__SLGR01 sp007136585
s__DAIDHK01 sp027459725
s__UBA6824 sp002452155
s__Marinicella sediminis
s__Vitreimonas sp902826245
s__Cellulosimicrobium arenosum
s__Curtobacterium sp030705415
s__Methylosinus sp000379125
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902611225
s__Nostoc mirabile
s__Galliscardovia pluvialisilvae
s__JAUHZO01 sp030425925
s__Pontibacillus salipaludis
s__JAKEGR01 sp022615465
s__JAIPGU01 sp021735575
s__Zrk29 sp018399755
s__RDXI01 sp013298105
s__GCA-2716485 sp002716485
s__Salinicoccus sp020786625
s__Ruminococcus_E sp958403905
s__Croceibacterium soli
s__PHOS-HE28 sp945872795
s__Streptococcus sp025660655
s__CAKPXW01 sp934202505
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp013815385
s__CAG-791 sp946534785
s__UBA5005 sp002398405
s__Microbacterium sp002257455
s__Heteroruminococcus sp017847995
s__SURF-16 sp023230525
s__Tepidicella baoligensis
s__Afipia sp019747015
s__JAJFFB01 sp021776925
s__JAAYUR01 sp012517645
s__Bacteriovorax sp014376445
s__CALFVT01 sp937928165
s__Leptospira_A abararensis
s__Edaphobacter lichenicola_C
s__Fimenecus sp030530095
s__CAIXSE01 sp012514235
s__AR5 sp025922915
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017405265
s__CAJBPB01 sp947505205
s__Altibacter sp019913785
s__Desulfobacillus sp020849155
s__Streptomyces violaceoruber_B
s__Oryzicola sp030010215
s__Paenibacillus_A oralis
s__AR31 sp003220435
s__JADLHS01 sp020848635
s__Avelusimicrobium sp945913025
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp913055155
s__QHWT01 sp013362195
s__JAAYJT01 sp014860575
s__JALELF01 sp028691955
s__Paucimonas lemoignei
s__HO2-49-34 sp001781205
s__JASGCN01 sp030054135
s__JAUVAU01 sp030591565
s__DAHUYF01 sp030039975
s__JAKPNF01 sp029548565
s__Faecousia sp946186225
s__Celeribacter naphthalenivorans
s__CAG-793 sp944393335
s__Flavobacterium litorale
s__JACQJR01 sp016204995
s__HRBIN11 sp030550225
s__FB2012 sp017534595
s__Pirellula_B sp903892365
s__Bifidobacterium aemilianum
s__RUG11200 sp017396145
s__Novosphingobium sp025356175
s__JAHRAW01 sp028817015
s__Streptomyces sp030124175
s__FMMP01 sp029239935
s__UBA5738 sp002423555
s__Lutibacter sp027082925
s__Flavobacterium sp937876455
s__WGBX01 sp027024205
s__Methylovirgula sp030040215
s__Prevotella sp024681705
s__CAIKKV01 sp945898015
s__Gallimonas sp947589585
s__T1SED10-26 sp003550445
s__Seonamhaeicola algicola
s__Rubrivivax_A sp019635285
s__Arachnia sp027492545
s__C7867-006 sp030916785
s__VGAZ01 sp016927635
s__DRPN01 sp021157415
s__SIG200 sp947587565
s__JANQJU01 sp028281495
s__Sphingopyxis sp002277025
s__UBA1784 sp017462015
s__CAKSQF01 sp017463445
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021826035
s__Enterobacter_B sp019237635
s__Azonexus sp031285115
s__CALFUK01 sp937959275
s__UBA1268 sp029246985
s__Mobilitalea sp012522735
s__WRHT01 sp031264465
s__GCA-002719695 sp002719695
s__UBA1081 sp945912145
s__Cybelea septentrionalis
s__CAG-793 sp902766085
s__W260 sp013213875
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp905235805
s__Homoserinibacter sp023386365
s__CAIVAT01 sp903925275
s__RAAP-2 sp017883045
s__JAAURK01 sp012032275
s__Pelagibacter sp902532645
s__Paenibacillus sp026013365
s__JAUPLZ01 sp030836705
s__Enterousia sp017425725
s__Salinarimonas rosea
s__VGBK01 sp016870535
s__Hydrogenophaga palleronii
s__JAJPIP01 sp021324655
s__Actinosynnema sp001280085
s__JAICXV01 sp025934545
s__HIMB59 sp000299115
s__CAMDKS01 sp945900755
s__SM23-73-2 sp030615745
s__Verruco-01 sp001604585
s__Desulforhopalus sp013139415
s__Micromonospora sp023402505
s__PNKE01 sp029975915
s__UM-FILTER-49-7 sp013151025
s__SZAS-7 sp021372185
s__UMGS1663 sp934154515
s__Henriciella sp019448215
s__Streptomyces sp001905005
s__Pseudomonas_E benzenivorans_A
s__CALRFD01 sp943356485
s__Pseudogracilibacillus auburnensis
s__ASP10-02a sp003523085
s__JAHEEL01 sp029939995
s__Profundibacter sp003535335
s__Giesbergeria sp019751915
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902772985
s__Halioglobus sp028825045
s__Adlercreutzia equolifaciens_A
s__Rhodocaloribacter sp026984335
s__JALHUB01 sp022865685
s__AAA536-G10 sp902619805
s__UBA3774 sp017613225
s__Thermophilibacter sp937900605
s__JAEWSN01 sp023440865
s__Winogradskyella sp025210595
s__REEB481 sp947463095
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp022347765
s__JAJRUS01 sp024277605
s__Gallimonas sp947589285
s__UBA4781 sp012797975
s__C7867-001 sp023264495
s__Paenibacillus sp030580655
s__UBA5232 sp012797935
s__Methylobacterium phyllostachyos
s__Gemmata sp022616395
s__UBA2272 sp002347725
s__Flagellimonas sp937899065
s__Aegiribacteria sp030640155
s__SZUA-415 sp003245815
s__Nocardiopsis flavescens
s__Granulosicoccus sp023300375
s__JACREF01 sp016218365
s__Litoribacter populi
s__S120 sp011192075
s__Rhodoplanes sp028282095
s__HGM10857 sp947623815
s__UBA1774 sp947165825
s__JAAZLQ01 sp012799255
s__GCA-2746535 sp002746535
s__Streptomyces spinoverrucosus_A
s__Jidaibacter acanthamoeba
s__JABWCI01 sp937864995
s__Rhizorhabdus crocodyli
s__JAAEST01 sp024229115
s__FLUQ01 sp020861205
s__Aureisphaera sp009827225
s__Phenylobacterium sp024699985
s__Wolbachia sp020405475
s__RUG11130 sp017440665
s__Williamsia_B sterculiae
s__JAQTRI01 sp028711905
s__Celaenobacter sp011043895
s__Pseudanabaena galeata
s__Rhizomicrobium sp003131925
s__Microvirga sp003075415
s__JAJYJE01 sp021789715
s__Chth-196 sp945874745
s__Streptomyces sp003143935
s__RGIG9115 sp944391265
s__G020352515 sp020352515
s__Pedobacter sandarakinus
s__JAIRLR01 sp031288715
s__Ruegeria_C spongiae
s__Lamprocystis sp013426805
s__UBA1740 sp902796505
s__Aquimarina sp947493035
s__Agriterribacter sp023957125
s__VGSZ01 sp903952805
s__Chth-196 sp003402745
s__Sphingomonas aeriglobus
s__WTJH01 sp011524915
s__G020348385 sp030633795
s__AAA536-G10 sp000383115
s__SZUA-149 sp003230795
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938049755
s__HIMB59 sp902516235
s__Nitrobacter winogradskyi
s__CAITNM01 sp021298215
s__S141-66 sp027066315
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp003565625
s__VBDM01 sp005884335
s__JAUIEF01 sp029245865
s__Janthinobacterium sp002878455
s__SIG575 sp017935325
s__FEB-7 sp016708825
s__UBA7398 sp013205455
s__Acetatifactor sp947626405
s__Streptomyces griseicoloratus
s__UBA1359 sp023459655
s__Prevotella sp944320355
s__S145-25 sp027859195
s__E44-bin32 sp030608865
s__JAJFJV01 sp021773795
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp014851915
s__RF16 sp017477325
s__JAKLKC01 sp023150875
s__WRBJ01 sp009784615
s__Halpernia humi
s__Faecousia sp017646545
s__Flavobacterium sp030682755
s__Ursidibacter arcticus
s__JAUVXE01 sp030603745
s__Tenacibaculum sp937922085
s__JAPWUY01 sp028275295
s__Arenicella xantha
s__Caballeronia brachyanthoides
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp947259235
s__Rubrivivax sp027487585
s__Gallimonas sp947627015
s__Acetatifactor sp023663285
s__JADCGN01 sp027483385
s__Geofilum rubicundum
s__Capillibacterium sp012735135
s__Nocardia sp025465275
s__UBA5829 sp021371935
s__Streptomyces sp007827595
s__JAJVID01 sp022072205
s__VXOY01 sp009839835
s__Paenibacillus_A phaseoli
s__Streptococcus sp905221465
s__Polynucleobacter brandtiae
s__UMGS856 sp902478605
s__UMGS1668 sp017547705
s__CAG-1000 sp902778125
s__Bog-257 sp003151875
s__Microvirga sp030777385
s__SLSQ01 sp913057685
s__Rhodoglobus sp000153145
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030272895
s__Arthrobacter sp013359725
s__Collinsella sp958349325
s__Lutimonas halocynthiae
s__UBA4644 sp017521295
s__VMCP01 sp945877575
s__RUG11257 sp017614715
s__JAQWSC01 sp030828565
s__Acinetobacter bouvetii_A
s__Subtercola sp025463745
s__Halarcobacter sp003252105
s__Rhizobacter sp012275445
s__JAPSGG01 sp031177845
s__JAHBVH01 sp026645575
s__RKRQ01 sp951812735
s__Sphingomonas sp916858675
s__Devosia sp900110945
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017553405
s__SIG693 sp017466495
s__UBA1200 sp017454745
s__Leucobacter rhizosphaerae
s__MWEH01 sp028701415
s__RGIG4266 sp023391185
s__NK4A144 sp902803625
s__Pararoseburia sp029008035
s__JARULA01 sp029688995
s__Spirochaeta_F sp016744925
s__Acinetobacter sp001696615
s__GCA-002684695 sp902532475
s__CALKIU01 sp025451895
s__Nitrosomonas sp002083395
s__Ferruginibacter sp018268085
s__Micromonospora qiuiae
s__UBA1067 sp017403825
s__Methylotenera sp030693535
s__Bradyrhizobium canariense_C
s__QHXN01 sp030914105
s__UBA9145 sp029242705
s__UMGS1572 sp947625575
s__Dethiosulfovibrio peptidovorans
s__UBA1407 sp019136135
s__Nanosynbacter featherlites
s__Merdicola sp944391965
s__Limnohabitans_A sp021299875
s__Cutibacterium sp030525615
s__UBA2227 sp002841515
s__Flaviaesturariibacter aridisoli
s__BuS5 sp021157555
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687695
s__AG-414-E02 sp902607625
s__JAEWRY01 sp023459875
s__Acidaminobacter hydrogenoformans
s__UBA1212 sp947304585
s__Sphingomonas sp003050745
s__Wagnerdoeblera sp030683915
s__Peptoniphilus_E catoniae
s__UBA8079 sp027618305
s__SZUA-451 sp016744805
s__Bowmanella denitrificans
s__Brockia lithotrophica
s__JAGROB01 sp020051235
s__GAS474 sp903889845
s__Hyphococcus sp021776415
s__Halodesulfovibrio sp003252375
s__CAJQOT01 sp030830305
s__RGIG2835 sp017438505
s__UBA2450 sp024680795
s__UBA2197 sp002841765
s__GCA-016700035 sp016700035
s__Limivicinus sp947307375
s__Solibacillus sp002736105
s__Streptomyces sp001636945
s__M30B19 sp016794985
s__ZJ450 sp029952955
s__Novosphingobium sp001519065
s__JAMOUT01 sp027061995
s__Desulforhopalus sp011390165
s__Lacibacter sp023428755
s__Anderseniella sp900149695
s__CAG-170 sp934661735
s__Prevotella sp017964785
s__UBA5072 sp017860375
s__UBA1259 sp017631725
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AC
s__NORP309 sp020442725
s__GCA-2719315 sp902560065
s__CALJEL01 sp938074335
s__RGIG4607 sp021442745
s__Ferrimicrobium sp027364955
s__UBA11524 sp029012285
s__CAMQRS01 sp009916335
s__Savagea sp030149685
s__Clostridium_AV fermenticellae
s__Bordetella sp002261355
s__RUG13868 sp947629375
s__Mesomycoplasma sp015708155
s__JAMQHH01 sp025993875
s__Limimorpha sp947303625
s__Caccovivens sp944384535
s__CAG-492 sp934149165
s__WRFT01 sp009776385
s__JAPKYR01 sp030673355
s__UBA2653 sp002403515
s__Gallionella sp019753125
s__SMO-BIN1 sp016937115
s__QNZT01 sp027056215
s__Arenimonas sp025980345
s__UBA2562 sp002340345
s__JAGWKJ01 sp028865375
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249825
s__CADCTP01 sp902805565
s__UBA7862 sp947303145
s__Oleibacter sp006212115
s__Herminiimonas sp030645555
s__Acetatifactor sp947625475
s__Pelobium glucosidilyticum
s__VXYL01 sp958296295
s__Limivicinus sp017448455
s__Mycobacterium helvum
s__JAGVDZ01 sp020058465
s__Fen-330 sp003154855
s__JALONO01 sp025454895
s__JAQVCS01 sp028689675
s__CAG-177 sp017435385
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016788405
s__Erythrobacter lutimaris_A
s__Desulfocapsa sp024280265
s__Reichenbachiella sp002742335
s__UBA1847 sp022600955
s__Haloferula sp937957985
s__Croceicoccus gelatinilyticus
s__Thermaerobacter sp004634385
s__BM002 sp022340515
s__Fodinibius roseus
s__Pseudostreptobacillus hongkongensis
s__Geothrix sp025355915
s__W3P20-009 sp030526155
s__DTU098 sp002408725
s__JANXZS01 sp025355385
s__UBA11034 sp003514205
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp025458465
s__PALSA-555 sp937927875
s__Onthousia sp949286645
s__Psychrilyobacter sp030621995
s__OFTM281 sp029259605
s__SKZA01 sp007128275
s__Cohnella terricola
s__Blautia_A sp900751995
s__Scatosoma sp017453145
s__Thiolinea sp902727945
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017552385
s__HCM1 sp002995645
s__JAIFMU01 sp020048285
s__Undibacterium sp028868455
s__JAHOYW01 sp028717165
s__UMGS1124 sp017411405
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334855
s__JAFALX01 sp019234035
s__UBA10649 sp030830865
s__Halodesulfovibrio sp009914765
s__Collinsella sp019424985
s__Fimenecus sp947630835
s__Streptococcus sp934201655
s__GCA-2713145 sp002713145
s__JAAXXJ01 sp020052615
s__DUQW01 sp012837585
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017421325
s__Bog-1198 sp025355165
s__JACOXG01 sp016176405
s__Geothrix skivensis
s__JANWYT01 sp025055175
s__Cryptobacteroides sp949286415
s__Bifidobacterium apri
s__Negativibacillus sp017848075
s__DUSB01 sp012840625
s__UBA8190 sp003453695
s__AP-15 sp019240125
s__UBA11717 sp002774875
s__BBFE01 sp001313085
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_H
s__M0108 sp006227775
s__JAKQXH01 sp029561555
s__CAMDGX01 sp947460455
s__UBA8346 sp023392595
s__Asticcacaulis sp946480525
s__Fonsibacter sp018658635
s__Rubrobacter_F sp030861585
s__Paludibacter sp013426815
s__Pelagibacter sp902609235
s__Azonexus hankyongensis
s__JAMCTK01 sp023381035
s__CACNXK01 sp902594005
s__Scatosoma sp017463205
s__Lutimonas sp030625995
s__Amnibacterium sp022701925
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946406275
s__JAHDIM01 sp020630225
s__UBA1275 sp902529115
s__UBA2296 sp002345475
s__UBA636 sp002315565
s__Sulfuricystis sp030824115
s__Arthrobacter sp024372495
s__Thiopseudomonas sp947630465
s__CAG-1000 sp017397685
s__BNUH01 sp031282605
s__Trebonia sp025934375
s__Eubacterium_I sp021203115
s__Caproicibacter sp002397355
s__JAALKW01 sp011087865
s__RAAP-2 sp947455165
s__JAKOSX01 sp029776595
s__OHK40 sp004367505
s__Cellulomonas composti
s__Pelagibacter sp902572155
s__JAAZXH01 sp014240275
s__JAKJGF01 sp022704525
s__JAGQPV01 sp020426545
s__JALVYZ01 sp027037705
s__Brevundimonas sp027484365
s__Ideonella sp002255925
s__JACPHD01 sp028703305
s__Pedococcus sp013041615
s__Algicola sagamiensis
s__NIC37A-2 sp023428245
s__UBA7477 sp947624375
s__CACIJG01 sp902531755
s__Lamprobacter sp009908845
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002113375
s__Deferrisoma sp027021615
s__Spirillospora sp008327685
s__Panacagrimonas sp020697055
s__JAFGQW01 sp016935485
s__Planktosalinus sp018402385
s__ELB16-189 sp016191555
s__UBA7708 sp002482415
s__UPXZ01 sp018055865
s__Lactovum sp031254295
s__JAJZNL01 sp027451605
s__GCA-002713455 sp902581045
s__JAAYUY01 sp012517435
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp021199975
s__Pelagibacter sp902536575
s__Deefgea tanakiae
s__Croceibacterium sp030657335
s__Alkalicoccus luteus
s__Micrococcus sp946222435
s__S145-25 sp027081565
s__Coprosoma sp947296775
s__CAJQOT01 sp945861725
s__UBA9464 sp016793645
s__Alistipes sp944320985
s__Paraburkholderia fungorum_A
s__JAAYPV01 sp023388515
s__HGM11416 sp934292955
s__G020354025 sp020346745
s__JACPNO01 sp016185465
s__Marinoscillum pacificum
s__Acetatifactor sp947565325
s__DAOVYC01 sp030635805
s__JAKAEG01 sp021825785
s__Thiodictyon sp903828115
s__Actinocrinis puniceicyclus
s__CG2-30-32-10 sp001872995
s__CAG-177 sp902787025
s__UBA1259 sp946624395
s__Limimorpha sp017461665
s__FEN-1191 sp003162555
s__Palsa-1033 sp017881915
s__HGM04593 sp017466065
s__G958296285 sp958296285
s__JALVCQ01 sp027009805
s__JACPQC01 sp016190695
s__Tenacibaculum sp947496185
s__Alteraurantiacibacter odishensis
s__JACKID01 sp020425605
s__JAKGBX01 sp025916135
s__Novosphingobium sp019090585
s__JAADIZ01 sp013151055
s__JAFUYI01 sp017465405
s__JAGCJX01 sp937906485
s__UBA8337 sp022428185
s__Alistipes sp017383445
s__Halomonas sp003552795
s__Puia sp018267585
s__JACQOS01 sp016202425
s__ZOR0006 sp945956935
s__Floccifex sp030526175
s__GCA-001735895 sp913061315
s__MED-G14 sp902606555
s__CALRBF01 sp023264145
s__JAIRNH01 sp031268655
s__Streptococcus sp000259505
s__HTCC2207 sp905182855
s__GCA-002733185 sp027080135
s__CAIVPM01 sp947455425
s__UBA2033 sp025360185
s__Asticcacaulis sp000495835
s__UBA8129 sp003517915
s__UBA6022 sp028289015
s__Deinococcus alpinitundrae
s__Desulfaltia sp030017395
s__UMGS1883 sp015069065
s__Enterousia sp946188105
s__Shewanella mesophila
s__Aromatoleum anaerobium
s__Rhodoluna sp947448975
s__Anaerotardibacter sp959607715
s__Curtobacterium sp003234115
s__SpSt-1133 sp011375465
s__Porticoccus sp002685455
s__JALUYN01 sp027012915
s__UBA10428 sp016931575
s__JAITXS01 sp031290405
s__Fructobacillus sp028764065
s__RYN-115 sp025465155
s__JAEUOS01 sp016790635
s__SURF-23 sp003599425
s__Pseudoscilispira sp937915065
s__Sodaliphilus sp946409635
s__AAA071-K20 sp003265975
s__DC-out156 sp019090385
s__RUG11257 sp017958765
s__CAJQOT01 sp945861605
s__Treponema_D sp017613485
s__QIAJ01 sp003135495
s__Duncaniella sp023663525
s__JAJPJW01 sp021324075
s__Celaenobacter sp002049945
s__Croceibacterium ferulae
s__VIKH01 sp016213335
s__Domibacillus indicus_A
s__Nostoc geniculatum
s__JAADDZ01 sp013153635
s__UBA6084 sp002428625
s__Onthomonas sp021205695
s__Phenylobacterium kunshanense
s__Sinobacterium caligoides
s__JABFXX01 sp030857175
s__UBA7701 sp002482545
s__JAHJUF01 sp018829095
s__Anatilimnocola floriformis
s__Methylopumilus sp009926035
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031282505
s__Pararhodobacter sp020637555
s__Sporosarcina luteola
s__Pelagibacter sp902627045
s__RAAP-1 sp001443525
s__JACRJY01 sp016235585
s__JAFGOZ01 sp016926235
s__Paracaedibacter acanthamoebae
s__JAFGBK01 sp016933175
s__SG8-38 sp027295555
s__Enterousia sp937900435
s__JAKUPQ01 sp022450665
s__RGIG2951 sp017442305
s__JAAYGJ01 sp012727745
s__RU20A sp900155885
s__JACTMZ01 sp017853515
s__Yoonia sp938002605
s__Lichenicola sp943912335
s__Nitrosospira tenuis
s__Heritagella sp019422525
s__JABDET01 sp013286945
s__Planktophila sp007279945
s__Sphingomonas flava_A
s__Pedobacter sp001424305
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214355
s__Thermodesulfatator_A sp026986115
s__GCA-002718395 sp002710905
s__UBA6263 sp021734475
s__PWUC01 sp007128555
s__PD-1 sp013285385
s__JAHDHW01 sp028285085
s__RI-231 sp016125275
s__JAJRVM01 sp024277285
s__Rhodoligotrophos appendicifer
s__Paludibacter sp002070265
s__Tannerella sp031289445
s__Collinsella sp019414265
s__SG8-30 sp024642505
s__Collinsella sp019419605
s__RUG841 sp902783835
s__Chryseobacterium sp001045445
s__Alistipes sp949840605
s__Caulobacter sp030680355
s__Phenylobacterium sp031181185
s__CAG-269 sp947426525
s__Bradyrhizobium acaciae
s__Scatovivens sp947628085
s__PXAS01 sp003565035
s__UBA9639 sp003450735
s__Macrococcus_B sp004117835
s__Hydromicrobium sp013202875
s__EsbW-18 sp016699465
s__JAAEPT01 sp024232295
s__Fusobacterium_A sp019410665
s__PDOX01 sp002746475
s__JAHFKT01 sp023245235
s__Aliarcobacter sp018816105
s__JAGNXB01 sp021738725
s__JALYQB01 sp030856045
s__Shewanella psychrophila
s__Bu33 sp014896635
s__Helicobacter_G enhydrae
s__UBA4722 sp947478495
s__Yoonia sp000169435
s__Hominimerdicola sp024692365
s__Marinobacterium_C arenosum
s__JASKKH01 sp030154265
s__UBA4311 sp937906355
s__UBA931 sp031283405
s__Collinsella sp902478995
s__Aequitasia intestinavium
s__XYD2-FULL-39-9 sp017991415
s__SHVV01 sp945903685
s__Parashewanella curva
s__Aequorivita sp004022485
s__Dyella_B sp903970555
s__Thermosinus thermophilus
s__Parabacteroides sp949296075
s__PH28-bin88 sp000987045
s__SZUA-411 sp003245895
s__Klebsiella sp029433525
s__Paraburkholderia sp020881035
s__UMGS263 sp958366985
s__Flavobacterium sp003525665
s__Vreelandella sp002082565
s__Fibromonas sp031286305
s__Dysosmobacter sp947382875
s__2-01-FULL-45-10 sp026387135
s__UBA12480 sp937873545
s__Azospirillum halopraeferens
s__Virgibacillus_G indicus
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_O
s__CAG-269 sp944390615
s__Ruminococcus_E sp945607165
s__BJHL01 sp937858155
s__JACKAL01 sp020635085
s__JALSSX01 sp026984055
s__Caloramator_B sp006016075
s__Ruminococcus sp946612185
s__WTJZ01 sp937991965
s__Undibacterium sp019752975
s__WRMH01 sp009781855
s__Thermalbibacter sp002898875
s__Brasilonema tolypothrichoides
s__CAILRJ01 sp903836575
s__JAJPHU01 sp021324515
s__GCA-002793235 sp016763795
s__UMGS75 sp934133195
s__PGYR01 sp030426865
s__CAIQWF01 sp936941155
s__JAFLTL01 sp022510505
s__DAOVDS01 sp030669415
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017510425
s__Corynebacterium guangdongense
s__JAFGGI01 sp016930635
s__Antarcticimicrobium sediminis
s__CAG-557 sp944385105
s__JAUICQ01 sp030427425
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279535
s__Neobacillus fumarioli
s__UBA9300 sp016928075
s__JACTMJ01 sp026129915
s__JABDGH01 sp903863295
s__JAMOQE01 sp027064165
s__JAFGCZ01 sp016932335
s__Hymenobacter sp025362615
s__CAG-269 sp944391785
s__Streptomyces cacaoi_A
s__JADJSS01 sp947460245
s__MEDG-81 sp902587545
s__Shewanella jiangmenensis
s__Herbaspirillum rhizosphaerae
s__WVYX01 sp030601605
s__Salinivibrio sharmensis
s__Sporomusa sp023441125
s__Labrys monacha
s__CANJSG01 sp947476875
s__GCA-1730015 sp020631335
s__Paenibacillus_Z lycopersici
s__JAKVBE01 sp022447755
s__JAMWDF01 sp029551285
s__UBA10151 sp028715175
s__CAILUG01 sp031277435
s__JAFCIY02 sp020194955
s__Pontiella sp029939385
s__RUG572 sp017411125
s__Agaribacterium sp028281575
s__DYFC01 sp013388435
s__Brevefilum sp016887485
s__UBA5318 sp002408285
s__JAHISK01 sp020343495
s__Croceibacterium selenioxidans
s__CANNBR01 sp947505805
s__Collinsella sp958446785
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017406905
s__MED-G14 sp902598295
s__Luteimonas_B telluris
s__Aquaticitalea sp029557895
s__JALSKY01 sp026988585
s__SKNW01 sp007692665
s__VBCG01 sp020851255
s__Sinorhizobium sp001854885
s__Scatosoma sp015055865
s__Saccharimonas sp938036915
s__Bog-756 sp003164275
s__WRMQ01 sp031271865
s__CAG-269 sp934178475
s__UBA6984 sp017405375
s__B1SED10-245 sp003551325
s__Pedobacter roseus
s__JAHBUS01 sp019637955
s__Ellagibacter sp934636505
s__Caccovivens sp944360025
s__Rhodospira navarrensis
s__CAJOIG01 sp947631865
s__Lentibacillus_C daqui
s__UBA5623 sp900258555
s__Spongiibacter_B nanhainus
s__OMII01 sp947488865
s__UBA6156 sp027485835
s__HGM04593 sp015060965
s__UBA4417 sp020048595
s__Streptomyces sp029968035
s__JAOAGT01 sp026415615
s__Treponema_D sp937891125
s__UBA4615 sp903898725
s__Ga0077554 sp001464585
s__UBA4466 sp937919725
s__Hydrogenophaga sp028698005
s__Micromonospora sp030519475
s__Monoglobus sp947628795
s__CALUZH01 sp937893115
s__Roseinatronobacter thiooxidans_A
s__CAG-465 sp947632225
s__CAKPXW01 sp902491575
s__FEN-1322 sp029004355
s__JACMIU01 sp014379275
s__Acidoferrum sp003223245
s__Pseudobacteroides sp030705945
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902519235
s__RF16 sp002309255
s__Scatosoma sp017505945
s__Lampropedia puyangensis
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903958915
s__UBA4975 sp002397155
s__JAJACO01 sp022601475
s__CAAHEQ01 sp017632555
s__Aeoliella straminimaris
s__RGIG4576 sp017391675
s__WQXQ01 sp031266095
s__CAMYKB01 sp947258875
s__REEB422 sp017853315
s__Microbacterium trichothecenolyticum
s__Gordonia crocea
s__Nocardia sp029675105
s__UBA5627 sp012520835
s__Pseudanabaena sp027942295
s__JAAYAC01 sp012719535
s__CAG-269 sp947625645
s__JARFPS01 sp029288175
s__JAHFHD01 sp023247075
s__Paenibacillus_Z montanisoli
s__UBA1740 sp017456985
s__JAEZDC01 sp021323155
s__Pedobacter sp001422545
s__Geothrix sp030758935
s__Blochmannia sp000973505
s__Coprosoma sp017511945
s__Cellulomonas sp025770785
s__Streptococcus sp902836505
s__SYFN01 sp027490465
s__Pelomonas sp016195825
s__Thermanaerosceptrum fracticalcis
s__Caccenecus sp947627845
s__Pseudomonas_E sp016651255
s__WS-8 sp005893295
s__Sulfurovum sp030595845
s__CAG-177 sp937888485
s__JAFGKG01 sp016928715
s__HGM12713 sp015065365
s__JABDDM01 sp013287605
s__Erythrobacter sp011765465
s__JAJRXV01 sp024276115
s__UBA1020 sp012270305
s__Litoreibacter sp947504205
s__Pelagibacter sp902629935
s__Planktophila sp026392775
s__UBA1732 sp017455665
s__UBA5073 sp002415845
s__JAUXAP01 sp030619865
s__Collinsella sp958448375
s__DSAB01 sp011388275
s__JAUIGE01 sp030430575
s__Tharpella sp024763535
s__Neoroseomonas lacus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017471345
s__Vibrio quintayensis
s__CAG-411 sp902786205
s__Legionella_C gresilensis
s__Pseudomonas sp029203285
s__Leifsonia sp013359685
s__Saccharopolyspora_D erythraea_A
s__Collinsella sp905211535
s__Pelagibacter sp902516065
s__Alistipes sp017408825
s__Zag111 sp946622835
s__JACOVV01 sp023248175
s__G030583825 sp030583825
s__Mycobacterium sp017853185
s__JAUVQN01 sp030598125
s__Lysobacter sp946480055
s__Nocardioides_C jiangsuensis
s__46-47 sp002452555
s__JAJFIS01 sp021774735
s__Mycobacterium alkanivorans
s__Nitrosomonas sp024281695
s__Alistipes sp017531305
s__Pelagibacter ubique_T
s__Pelagibacter sp902635845
s__WJJG01 sp014729815
s__Ferruginibacter sp947483415
s__Bifidobacterium sp947254595
s__JAIRPE01 sp031257175
s__Marinithermofilum abyssi
s__SP197 sp022823765
s__Psychrobacillus sp934234185
s__JADFNQ01 sp913056415
s__BOKX01 sp016861205
s__Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis_A
s__RGIG7444 sp017549385
s__WRMS01 sp009777025
s__Alicyclobacillus_B ferrooxydans
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017630215
s__Roseiflexus sp025055265
s__Sulfurimonas sp027013185
s__SbD1 sp002298165
s__DAOVCL01 sp030670005
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp902476265
s__CACPJE01 sp902510025
s__CAKZQG01 sp028276365
s__CAG-605 sp934098565
s__AV2 sp003218515
s__Agrococcus sp017168255
s__Desmonostoc vinosum
s__Streptomyces sp000719335
s__JAFGMY01 sp016927325
s__UBA5436 sp947254895
s__JABMQB01 sp028282705
s__Wocania sp947501105
s__Oceanispirochaeta sp028532905
s__GCA-2401635 sp030950975
s__JADJGJ01 sp016719925
s__UMGS1124 sp934097015
s__Ancylobacter polymorphus_A
s__CAIQIY01 sp903871975
s__VGMD01 sp947478685
s__Sporosarcina luteola_B
s__Tetragenococcus solitarius
s__JAJDTQ01 sp951813575
s__Nitrospira_D sp005116745
s__HGM04593 sp017554605
s__Fibrobacter sp024398955
s__Klebsiella sp004342285
s__UBA11872 sp028874315
s__Rhodoluna sp947452985
s__Pseudomonas_E sp943912755
s__CADCTB01 sp023264995
s__REAG01 sp004293915
s__Spiroplasma_A chinense
s__CSBr16-58 sp022565745
s__Brachyspira sp009755885
s__JACQKW01 sp016204385
s__RGIG1988 sp017420825
s__Flexilinea sp012799995
s__Brachyspira intermedia
s__Sulfurimonas sp002899765
s__Micromonospora alfalfae
s__Caproicibacter sp022650485
s__UBA9647 sp003519375
s__Nisaea denitrificans
s__Collinsella sp902491395
s__Jettenia ecosi
s__Zhouia spongiae
s__Pontimonas sp007117135
s__UBA2821 sp946186125
s__FEB-7 sp016720855
s__JABMPR01 sp024278595
s__JAIRLC01 sp031288865
s__JADJWQ01 sp016716265
s__CAG-791 sp017474455
s__VBCG01 sp020853025
s__Paraburkholderia sp002870125
s__Minwuia sp029213165
s__CAG-303 sp944384155
s__CAIXDB01 sp903918125
s__JAHEEL01 sp030599515
s__Mucilaginibacter kameinonensis
s__Sulfurivermis sp002840095
s__Erythrobacter sp947497915
s__Runella aurantiaca
s__Variovorax sp022701965
s__JABSOI01 sp013216005
s__CAIZEE01 sp903931835
s__DAHXOW01 sp027364665
s__Saccharospirillum salsuginis
s__Herbihabitans rhizosphaerae
s__JALXBF01 sp026991575
s__JAUYJR01 sp030699785
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029212615
s__RUG440 sp030529665
s__CALGFH01 sp030152105
s__UBA10103 sp001004265
s__Haliangium ochraceum
s__JALVEU01 sp027030565
s__Asp313 sp015062745
s__JAEELK01 sp016282655
s__Halodesulfovibrio mangrovi
s__UBA1067 sp902773015
s__OLB9 sp016714785
s__Pelagibacter sp902596915
s__Sphingopyxis sp020160755
s__CAIRBL01 sp903876815
s__UBA3855 sp947177375
s__Rhabdochlamydia sp031281085
s__Gottschalkia acidurici
s__DAOVRD01 sp030628375
s__JAIRZM01 sp031283965
s__Gemmata sp017306025
s__Sediminibacterium sp007280515
s__Symbiobacterium sp023623185
s__Acetatifactor sp023667395
s__UBA3282 sp947624025
s__Oribacterium sp030540075
s__DSGC01 sp023511565
s__Pelagibacter sp902594595
s__SAR86A sp002710265
s__RUG11690 sp017964255
s__UBA1876 sp018434645
s__Deinococcus aquaticus
s__Lysobacter_B sp018242465
s__UBA932 sp002293585
s__Ventrenecus sp934085565
s__Bradyrhizobium sp024199845
s__Nitrincola schmidtii
s__Calycomorphotria hydatis
s__Sulfidibacterium sp027018745
s__Variovorax sp030317105
s__Enterenecus sp947629955
s__Ferruginibacter sp947461495
s__Leadbetterella sp020161355
s__Collinsella tanakaei_C
s__Actinomyces sp937926195
s__Pelagibacter sp014654035
s__Nesterenkonia sp000220985
s__Tenacibaculum sp002836595
s__UBA2767 sp028280515
s__Cryptobacteroides sp018064725
s__Cellulomonas humilata
s__JALVEU01 sp026984215
s__Luminiphilus sp913052635
s__Vreelandella andesensis
s__Thermohalobaculum sp030270585
s__Komarekiella sp014904695
s__JAJRVO01 sp024277275
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp016873335
s__Campylobacter_A massiliensis
s__Rubrivivax rivuli
s__Hoeflea sp020637795
s__Limimorpha sp017548125
s__Flexivirga caeni
s__Mycobacterium sp001494595
s__Dietzia sp014145095
s__JAUIKJ01 sp030430835
s__Sporosarcina sp030433715
s__0-14-0-20-44-26 sp002779055
s__CAKKQX01 sp030683105
s__JAAWTG01 sp946555455
s__Avelusimicrobium sp947170005
s__Hanstruepera flava
s__1-14-0-10-42-22 sp028718505
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007131725
s__Egerieisoma sp947625435
s__CAG-269 sp947629855
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp001920085
s__Gellertiella sp945952415
s__JAISWF01 sp031271165
s__Eubacterium_G sp947573465
s__JABMQA01 sp013203545
s__JAJDOD01 sp022340315
s__CALKVD01 sp937996615
s__Cognaticolwellia sp014077505
s__SURF-3 sp024641805
s__Actinomarina sp913041235
s__JARSSO01 sp018262135
s__Miltoncostaea sp016463385
s__FEN-1297 sp031292465
s__JAAYZM01 sp012514835
s__Rarobacter sp015655615
s__UBA935 sp002293525
s__UMGS731 sp900762545
s__XN24 sp011064545
s__Marinomonas sp947493575
s__JAGWRA01 sp025450765
s__Flavobacterium sp009693635
s__OLB11 sp016786845
s__Pontibacter pamirensis
s__Lactiplantibacillus songbeiensis
s__OFTM285 sp029260255
s__Devosia nitrariae
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp947499255
s__Gracilibacillus alcaliphilus
s__JAJECS01 sp026708035
s__RUG334 sp017526725
s__UBA11707 sp020053275
s__Cognaticolwellia sp002077175
s__TMED112 sp002684055
s__Marinobacter santoriniensis
s__Firm-04 sp017550355
s__MB11C04 sp029254745
s__JACQVS01 sp016209605
s__Fusobacterium russii
s__Sulfurisoma sp020048435
s__Calothrix_A rhizosoleniae
s__Flavobacterium sp903920835
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp031082295
s__UMGS1613 sp934148845
s__Collinsella sp902478875
s__Micromonospora sp030518795
s__OLB19 sp009995385
s__Pelagibacter sp902614975
s__Telluria rhizosphaerae
s__Prevotella sp017424205
s__UBA6149 sp002423155
s__UBA1367 sp030533135
s__RGIG990 sp017648065
s__Hydrogenophaga sp020047875
s__CAIRTM01 sp016875025
s__Leucobacter ruminantium
s__Prevotella sp002405875
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002438905
s__Sulfurimonas aquatica
s__Arctic95D-9 sp013213905
s__JANQGQ01 sp028289545
s__Aulosira membranacea
s__Flavobacterium sangjuense
s__CADEEJ01 sp902826315
s__JAAYHJ01 sp012735465
s__Aerococcus sp030528155
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947165465
s__Rhizomicrobium sp021325375
s__Pelagibacter sp902592325
s__Thiomicrospira sp014859555
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947632335
s__Laedolimicola sp949740535
s__Eubacterium_F sp024684535
s__VGKK01 sp016867095
s__Fimbriimonas sp945859975
s__JADJDM01 sp030684395
s__Streptomyces venezuelae_C
s__UBA5189 sp016191395
s__JADMIN01 sp015478575
s__Salsuginibacillus kocurii
s__Terriglobus roseus_A
s__JAGLYV01 sp019038625
s__Bifidobacterium sp029433395
s__CG2-30-58-95 sp030018695
s__Alistipes sp017630455
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp937919945
s__Pseudoduganella lutea
s__CAIXPL01 sp947455195
s__Metalachnospira sp959604475
s__Tidjanibacter sp017466345
s__JADJWH01 sp016712635
s__CANQAG01 sp947595215
s__CAG-492 sp017625035
s__Arachidicoccus sp001659705
s__CAG-269 sp944392605
s__UMGS902 sp017547395
s__REEB481 sp018969565
s__JAIRKV01 sp031269545
s__Reichenbachiella versicolor
s__MUGG01 sp002148405
s__Competibacter sp020445045
s__Tahibacter sp946482585
s__Singulisphaera sp900129635
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278875
s__JABWBI01 sp013360565
s__DYQK01 sp020719385
s__JAISGB01 sp031254995
s__Pelagibacter sp902595465
s__Motiliproteus sp004195305
s__CAILQO01 sp945865725
s__Alistipes sp017559425
s__Desulfovibrio sp019422935
s__Nostoc sp013343235
s__UBA4722 sp014132595
s__CAG-590 sp015057435
s__JALZEK01 sp030862065
s__Coprovivens sp934096175
s__UMGS775 sp949290895
s__Pelagibacter sp902515185
s__BS750m-G25 sp016783505
s__Flavisolibacter sp023386045
s__GCA-2401735 sp018398995
s__UBA8752 sp029242765
s__JAQBPE01 sp028287685
s__Akkermansia sp017398765
s__Algibacter_D sp947487605
s__JABAAC01 sp022446885
s__JANQOT01 sp028285655
s__Arctic95D-9 sp020439925
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013289045
s__Alicyclobacillus vulcanalis
s__Faecousia sp947600025
s__JAHFFW01 sp023247725
s__Draconibacterium maritimum
s__UBA3012 sp002346305
s__JAGXQV01 sp018336195
s__MnB-11 sp012027035
s__CAJQIN01 sp022763265
s__RUG14121 sp015059485
s__GCA-2748835 sp002748835
s__JAEXNA01 sp030149525
s__UBA1568 sp002307715
s__Dyella subtropica
s__RFVC01 sp030828385
s__Arthrobacter sp026241105
s__Eubacterium_G sp900764695
s__Limimorpha sp024681295
s__UBA710 sp949284615
s__T78 sp002306055
s__UBA4421 sp913049565
s__Herbaspirillum sp017744395
s__Actinoallomurus sp025964685
s__JAFGIN01 sp016929595
s__DAOVNU01 sp030630065
s__Chlorobium sp021740465
s__Bulleidia sp017941735
s__JAUHJS01 sp030412945
s__JAPLXK01 sp026396095
s__Sphingomicrobium rhizophilum
s__Enterousia sp017528045
s__Mediannikoviicoccus massiliensis_A
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028287925
s__Desulfuromusa sp029934095
s__Kaistia sp020165495
s__Thiothrix singaporensis
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947371775
s__Rubripirellula sp003513555
s__Pseudonocardia kujensis
s__CFX10 sp021463865
s__Nitronauta litoralis
s__VXPW01 sp022824395
s__Tissierella_A creatinophila
s__Ruegeria sp013031405
s__UBA6398 sp934364765
s__JAAYDS01 sp012729155
s__SbD1 sp021372055
s__JAUJOW01 sp030447445
s__Sutterella sp902463725
s__Pelagibacter sp902535625
s__JAGHCL01 sp027038965
s__JALZBR01 sp030863285
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AR
s__Sphingomicrobium sabuli
s__UBA5738 sp002419295
s__Ruminococcus sp017558505
s__12844 sp947628155
s__RGIG423 sp017387285
s__Cecembia calidifontis
s__Phycisphaera sp028285385
s__JAIRMZ01 sp031266655
s__Pedobacter sp001412655
s__Geodermatophilus africanus
s__CAG-433 sp934141145
s__Hirschia baltica
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp001507555
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp018067055
s__Roseburia sp947649645
s__JAMDCX01 sp021819825
s__CAINEC01 sp903847585
s__Brooklawnia sp023419175
s__Tersicoccus phoenicis
s__Limivicinus sp017469115
s__M3007 sp003448025
s__Ferruginibacter sp025352625
s__VMFH01 sp007375925
s__JAGVLI01 sp020054355
s__Francisella sp000764555
s__Streptococcus sp915066115
s__Paraglaciecola arctica
s__W3P20-009 sp021443545
s__Lentibacillus_A sediminis
s__CALIRD01 sp938041655
s__Streptomyces marokkonensis
s__RUG841 sp947624605
s__Treponema_D sp024696155
s__Desulfonatronum sp007693505
s__Thermomonas aquatica
s__Parabacteroides sp949298575
s__Caldatribacterium sp937922705
s__Lutimonas sp021647985
s__Aeoliella sp003233055
s__CAIXFB01 sp903918595
s__JALOLS01 sp025455865
s__UMGS902 sp015064965
s__DAHXNW01 sp027365195
s__JAJPXC01 sp947175715
s__JANWXR01 sp025057205
s__Chryseobacterium sp031286615
s__Amphritea sp016744155
s__UBA11222 sp030652895
s__SLJM01 sp007119595
s__JACRCG01 sp025355325
s__Kushneria phyllosphaerae
s__JAAUTG01 sp020629845
s__JAITHW01 sp031279815
s__Vibrio sp014694375
s__Paludibaculum sp016213725
s__JABFSS01 sp013140485
s__JAIROE01 sp031257715
s__JABMRT01 sp013202295
s__CAG-590 sp945915475
s__Aphodocola sp949285875
s__Altericroceibacterium spongiae
s__QUBU01 sp021462865
s__Salibacterium salarium
s__JAHEDT01 sp024641085
s__Lachnoclostridium sp945787565
s__Caulobacter zeae
s__JACRHL01 sp016212085
s__DRJJ01 sp947258795
s__JACQKR01 sp016204425
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_D
s__Luteolibacter sp017798145
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp011008905
s__Agrococcus sp945915485
s__UB1719 sp024408655
s__UBA4421 sp012103505
s__Nautilia profundicola_A
s__RUG14515 sp946404585
s__NSF051 sp029379265
s__CAJCIS01 sp015654825
s__Fulvimarina endophytica
s__MED727 sp902524105
s__Kineothrix sp003488965
s__Scatovivens sp022790975
s__Acetatifactor sp934402375
s__CAITZA01 sp937930835
s__JAEYPM01 sp023410675
s__Agathobaculum sp934504345
s__JACMMQ01 sp014378955
s__JAHEHQ01 sp024644505
s__JAIXRY01 sp027484965
s__Pelagibacter sp902612345
s__JJ008 sp026391455
s__JAISOW01 sp031287845
s__Brevibacillus_F sp011059135
s__OLB19 sp001779595
s__Turicibacter sp030531025
s__Kinetoplastibacterium galatii
s__Nevskia sp013823855
s__Lenti-01 sp022709625
s__Prosthecobacter gellanilyticus
s__CAKKRP01 sp919902765
s__JACROH01 sp016181845
s__Maritimibacter harenae
s__SAR86A sp902563835
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017458145
s__Nocardioides sediminis
s__Methylobacterium sp030700285
s__JAFGSM01 sp016934595
s__JAJZCL01 sp021846145
s__OLB5 sp030835005
s__Spiroplasma_D sp030913225
s__WH-5701 sp024345795
s__Magnetospira sp000968135
s__Ruminiclostridium herbifermentans
s__Aquirhabdus parva
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946406095
s__JAUWPO01 sp030611505
s__Microbacterium protaetiae
s__Sulfuritalea sp028065725
s__JADKBO01 sp020436935
s__JACRBR01 sp016213125
s__Thiobacillus sp001897675
s__DTU032 sp012728535
s__SIG627 sp015065085
s__Devosia sp021729885
s__JACVRW01 sp016929195
s__Caballeronia sp902506145
s__UBA974 sp002723115
s__Olleya sp023300575
s__Owenweeksia sp028277105
s__RUG658 sp017529005
s__JAHDHV01 sp020631155
s__PALSA-1081 sp003151275
s__JAGOTD01 sp937863435
s__Vescimonas sp944385395
s__UBA1062 sp002448235
s__Marinobacter salexigens
s__Prosthecobacter sp023428335
s__PNKF01 sp020853635
s__UBA11320 sp003452185
s__Hydromicrobium sp016783995
s__Alicyclobacillus_A contaminans
s__CAKZPS01 sp937139415
s__JAFLTZ01 sp022509045
s__Sulfurimonas sp013153755
s__Flavobacterium sp028736155
s__Limnohabitans_A sp001412535
s__Streptococcus sp938020365
s__Anaerococcus sp022808955
s__Bremerella volcania_A
s__JAGVFQ01 sp020057505
s__NK4A144 sp024680595
s__RGIG6375 sp934546725
s__Rhizobium phaseoli_A
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009784825
s__Hymenobacter sp030542105
s__DSSB01 sp021414045
s__MFGM01 sp001778275
s__JAFGRV01 sp016934975
s__JACRNI01 sp016234925
s__SFWF01 sp017381035
s__JAABRT01 sp011390805
s__JAFAZJ01 sp019239835
s__CAILUG01 sp947457195
s__Sediminibacterium sp009996675
s__SZUA-250 sp003235605
s__Sphingomonas sp016427505
s__DAHVFK01 sp027317055
s__Amaricoccus solimangrovi
s__JAHFEG01 sp947445025
s__Nocardioides sp030929495
s__RFVC01 sp029245395
s__UBA5738 sp025453415
s__SZUA-104 sp003231075
s__Gallionella sp025350405
s__JABWBH01 sp020852275
s__CAG-533 sp902766545
s__UBA2868 sp905235745
s__JAIRTH01 sp031283585
s__UBA1711 sp946406015
s__JAHHUH01 sp937901335
s__Amycolatopsis sp030285625
s__Afipia sp020544565
s__Prevotella sp022778905
s__CAG-433 sp947598325
s__UBA7703 sp028703645
s__JABDMD01 sp937922735
s__Enterousia sp902784345
s__Enterobacter asburiae_C
s__GCA-2747695 sp024763365
s__RGIG1681 sp017452165
s__Sphingomonas sp030818415
s__Rudaea sp025451955
s__JAUNTR01 sp030538575
s__JACCXM01 sp019348515
s__Limivicinus sp029010715
s__Hominicoprocola sp017458885
s__CAJXRW01 sp028355575
s__Faecivivens sp002329405
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp024508935
s__Sporolactobacillus sp004153195
s__CAINVV01 sp025358395
s__Fimisoma sp017556895
s__Ramlibacter sp025351615
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp024278915
s__CAG-492 sp017528375
s__Lentisphaera araneosa
s__UBA964 sp010029775
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005880575
s__DC-out160 sp016765265
s__HIMB59 sp902575725
s__Salinisphaera orenii
s__Ramlibacter montanisoli
s__SCUD01 sp030799345
s__JAUVWM01 sp030604105
s__SKHV01 sp016931385
s__JACQFA01 sp016198945
s__QS-8-64-10 sp003022535
s__Collinsella sp902478765
s__Nitrosomonas ureae_D
s__Verrucomicrobium sp000739635
s__JANWVL01 sp025056655
s__GWC2-37-13 sp000990305
s__RGIG1681 sp934746515
s__Rhodoferax_C sp027488985
s__JADJYF01 sp019747795
s__Haemophilus_D sp902466845
s__JAMLIC01 sp023954375
s__JAADDV01 sp013153795
s__SIG578 sp015066115
s__Paracoccus sp030846195
s__CANHGT01 sp947460385
s__JAFDKF01 sp030616475
s__AG-337-I02 sp902595425
s__Prevotella sp946614435
s__Caedimonas varicaedens
s__CABUVL01 sp031258545
s__Sphingomonas sp002281485
s__CAIUCZ01 sp903897785
s__ELB16-189 sp017303795
s__C7867-006 sp013816135
s__Enterousia sp945483255
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_O
s__CAG-267 sp944392235
s__Microbacterium gorillae
s__HGM04593 sp017507105
s__JAAYBZ01 sp012514415
s__Bordetella_A petrii
s__Niabella sp023423285
s__CAG-632 sp902783585
s__OLB17 sp902826795
s__E44-bin89 sp016875955
s__Shewanella sp019209865
s__Brocadia pituitae
s__CALLXS01 sp937875295
s__QYPT01 sp025355765
s__CAG-793 sp946497585
s__Arenimonas sp019459675
s__JAITMY01 sp031266935
s__Dietzia sp012841845
s__SoEE sp009829945
s__JACOTQ01 sp016178255
s__JAJZSS01 sp021849525
s__Sarcina perfringens_A
s__BQJD01 sp030429125
s__Daejeonella sp028288165
s__Moorena sp011524395
s__UMGS1124 sp947626515
s__CAIYOL01 sp028714255
s__Aquitalea magnusonii_B
s__Rubrivivax sp024641925
s__Neobacillus pocheonensis
s__JAHEIS01 sp024639225
s__TMED96 sp002728075
s__CAMDMI01 sp027485575
s__QUBU01 sp016874095
s__PR03 sp003576805
s__Roseibium sp027359675
s__CANPXY01 sp947632325
s__UBA2475 sp013298715
s__Fibromonas sp009788135
s__Allofustis seminis
s__Dyadobacter diqingensis
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688335
s__UBA6168 sp004297645
s__Pseudorhodobacter aquimaris
s__JACPQH01 sp025358235
s__Butyricicoccus sp944384745
s__B70-G16 sp003644385
s__CAJOIG01 sp905234855
s__Onthocola_B sp934095965
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp000702325
s__CALGFI01 sp937881155
s__Nanosynbacter sp030529385
s__Paludibacter sp028690665
s__Cryptobacteroides sp030529945
s__HB2-32-21 sp937998635
s__Aliihoeflea sp029210365
s__Flavobacterium algicola
s__RGIG3544 sp016280345
s__Roseiarcus sp028876585
s__Hellea sp028224375
s__CAJJNI01 sp949743325
s__JADKJW01 sp016720835
s__Microcystis aeruginosa_E
s__CALJMB01 sp937982515
s__Tabrizicola_A sp021741465
s__UMGS1696 sp017415325
s__Cryobacterium lactosi
s__JABFRZ01 sp009691855
s__NORP294 sp913059105
s__R2A130 sp937930845
s__MWBX01 sp002069755
s__UBA2798 sp019694795
s__Desulfohalobium retbaense
s__Limnohabitans sp903956845
s__T33-2 sp002860205
s__Pauljensenia sp927911615
s__Palsa-187 sp020073345
s__Firm-10 sp017527065
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902624785
s__JAHYIW01 sp019429445
s__RGIG4382 sp017459425
s__Sulfurovum sp014763895
s__Lepagella sp029061255
s__Luminiphilus sp938091995
s__Oceanobacter mangrovi
s__WRKV01 sp031256055
s__Pseudonocardia sp025465235
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017550525
s__UMGS995 sp947628345
s__UBA7672 sp030824255
s__JAAYKM01 sp031285215
s__Amaricoccus sp030427145
s__AG-422-B15 sp902524795
s__OLB9 sp002482845
s__JAKVBI01 sp022447545
s__CAKZUP01 sp938035525
s__CALHGX01 sp938031185
s__Mobilitalea sp023415595
s__JAAYUJ01 sp012517315
s__Kineococcus rubinsiae
s__Thalassospira sp019634165
s__Saccharofermentans sp902776845
s__JAAYHF01 sp024685545
s__UBA970 sp016872075
s__Desulfovibrio sp944327045
s__GCA-001735895 sp024222685
s__RKSB01 sp007571095
s__Ferruginibacter pinensis_F
s__Blastococcus sp005222955
s__JAACFB01 sp029863705
s__Amaricoccus sp937872465
s__E29-bin73 sp014859205
s__Microbacterium sp028823665
s__Hymenobacter sp019599275
s__UBA4486 sp002389045
s__UBA8346 sp023415375
s__Nitrospira_A defluvii_B
s__JANWZL01 sp938038385
s__Rhodoferax sp030646845
s__DYRB01 sp020718945
s__UBA9973 sp001786225
s__Gleimia sp030532405
s__M55B112 sp021738565
s__UBA1847 sp030426325
s__AG-414-E02 sp902607735
s__Stercorousia sp947169755
s__PALSA-1444 sp018239715
s__Streptosporangium roseum
s__Bulleidia sp030533035
s__JAKLDH01 sp022703625
s__GCA-016700035 sp030917125
s__Clostridium uliginosum
s__CAJQNC01 sp905479605
s__UBA737 sp029227055
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp003454135
s__REDD01 sp007693725
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp900107545
s__CATLVU01 sp950061135
s__Nitrospira_D sp900299325
s__Psychromonas sp002835465
s__Luteimonas_D citri_A
s__JAPUFB01 sp027492255
s__GCA-002727735 sp002727735
s__Afifella pfennigii
s__Gemmiger_A sp944386225
s__Slackia sp030525985
s__Luteimonas_D sp902506295
s__Aromatoleum evansii
s__JAHDXH01 sp023382875
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp000169455
s__VGOG01 sp016875995
s__Qipengyuania mangrovi
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278765
s__Blastococcus sp025965695
s__Anaeroplasma sp024697825
s__CAIJMQ01 sp903821905
s__JAJOIW01 sp030425355
s__YE71 sp947587925
s__JAUNBC01 sp030527285
s__RGIG6635 sp017527675
s__Desulfurobacterium_A indicum
s__Frigoribacterium faeni_A
s__UBA8914 sp003486725
s__UBA1067 sp937901395
s__Brevefilum sp003542325
s__DYQJ01 sp020719345
s__Aquirufa sp028868395
s__Prevotella sp017961115
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp026395275
s__Legionella longbeachae_A
s__Paralysiella testudinis
s__2-02-FULL-46-13 sp001821015
s__Luteimonas_D huabeiensis
s__Microbacterium sp937927635
s__JAFDHO01 sp019308525
s__RBC074 sp017991275
s__CALXPF01 sp944390205
s__Alistipes sp017546725
s__WRDZ01 sp009779595
s__JAFGIO01 sp016929555
s__Sphingomonas qomolangmaensis
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp913061465
s__RGIG2707 sp016281165
s__S36-B12 sp913057155
s__Onthomonas sp001941075
s__UBA868 sp003529705
s__JAKSSF01 sp024403235
s__CAADGV01 sp016218065
s__SIBE01 sp016871515
s__Lentihominibacter sp030536355
s__Flavobacterium sp946886675
s__CALNCU01 sp937875395
s__SSGK01 sp008015855
s__Oceanisphaera pacifica
s__DAHUXT01 sp025928125
s__TH-plancto1 sp003671275
s__Cupriavidus sp019795295
s__WQRI01 sp009786825
s__UBA1254 sp902797315
s__JAIBAC01 sp019695375
s__Glutamicibacter endophyticus
s__JABWBD01 sp013360685
s__Prevotella sp905236875
s__Kineothrix sp021772075
s__Luteolibacter sp018402445
s__Granulicella_D aggregans
s__Sphingomonas sp005502745
s__Umezakia bergii
s__GCA-002705045 sp002705045
s__Perlucidibaca aquatica
s__Plasticicumulans acidivorans
s__JAQVSN01 sp028700515
s__JAFGEJ01 sp016931655
s__Tamaricihabitans halophyticus
s__CAG-196 sp016280955
s__Catelliglobosispora koreensis
s__Lentilactobacillus laojiaonis
s__SB21 sp016788215
s__G949788275 sp949788275
s__Halalkalibacillus_A sediminis
s__JAHRVQ01 sp016763855
s__Roseiarcus sp009765995
s__CALFQW01 sp937919305
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp017882425
s__Propionivibrio sp020049495
s__UBA966 sp945890745
s__BMS3Bbin11 sp029287855
s__JACQMR01 sp016203455
s__Calescibacterium sp002898315
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AG
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp024639005
s__Thauera sp029223545
s__JAJQAP01 sp021203905
s__JAAXHF01 sp011523315
s__Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans
s__Vagococcus vulneris
s__Propionivibrio sp937923255
s__JAEZXR01 sp023419605
s__CAMSGF01 sp947058225
s__UBA636 sp017614055
s__Neptunochlamydia sp021772275
s__CACIJG01 sp902596605
s__JACZWU01 sp022562075
s__Lacibacter sp019752045
s__Echinicola vietnamensis
s__Yoonia maricola
s__Anaeroplasma sp946626535
s__UBA4372 sp017548075
s__GCA-2402195 sp945907105
s__RF16 sp024683975
s__Stammera capleta_G
s__Segetibacter sp004354985
s__Vibrio sp002877365
s__Roseinatronobacter sp022565265
s__Glaciimonas soli
s__UBA4372 sp945788385
s__RI-34 sp945907245
s__Streptomonospora mangrovi
s__D2472 sp902593675
s__SXYR01 sp947463715
s__CAG-269 sp946404215
s__JAILLO01 sp024693105
s__JAGOIO01 sp017995595
s__UBA5799 sp002418185
s__DYIH01 sp020723785
s__Kibdelosporangium aridum
s__Albidovulum sp030428915
s__GCA-020346225 sp020346225
s__B1 sp030699355
s__Duganella sp025548565
s__Lysobacter_A dokdonensis
s__Parasynechococcus sp003211515
s__JALOLG01 sp025456105
s__RGIG2000 sp017461765
s__Erabacter solicola
s__Streptococcus sp905221325
s__JAJPXC01 sp947625935
s__Crocosphaera sp002172675
s__Neptunitalea chrysea
s__JADJXV01 sp937868245
s__JAJYLH01 sp021787845
s__Hyphobacterium sp016124205
s__Dyella_B acidiphila
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AG
s__Agilicoccus flavus
s__Gordonia sp002414845
s__RUG572 sp902769585
s__JAJRXT01 sp024276125
s__Flavobacterium sp024628805
s__OLB19 sp002477545
s__Bradyrhizobium sp014198245
s__JAFLBB01 sp017304135
s__Pelomonas depolymerans_A
s__Prevotella sp946404865
s__JAAYBS01 sp028698695
s__Sphingopyxis sp000756375
s__Kmv37 sp014859215
s__JAAYAM01 sp012719355
s__Sphaerochaeta sp012519115
s__Pelagibacterium luteolum
s__UBA3824 sp024413595
s__JAABSP01 sp011390345
s__PGYQ01 sp020057535
s__MWBF01 sp025454635
s__Zhenhengia stercoravium
s__UBA1177 sp017615095
s__OLB17 sp937941715
s__Anaeromonas massiliensis
s__Accumulibacter aalborgensis
s__Pelagibacter sp913045275
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030654605
s__Streptomyces sp016905445
s__Tardiphaga sp900114605
s__UBA1757 sp017464285
s__JAJRYG01 sp027032075
s__Pseudemcibacter sp016744185
s__JACRIN01 sp021413885
s__Limivicinus sp946628965
s__Hymenobacter fodinae
s__Ga0077553 sp026393985
s__Patulibacter americanus
s__SYFN01 sp947453015
s__GCA-2700405 sp913031385
s__Thiovibrio sp026388735
s__2-12-FULL-45-22 sp001803565
s__AG-363-K07 sp003278175
s__Pelagibacter sp902523495
s__Wujia sp017625335
s__Bact-11 sp016290385
s__Enterenecus sp934659415
s__RUG754 sp017538125
s__Limnohabitans_A sp023255445
s__DAIDHI01 sp027452025
s__Bacillus_BV sp947497585
s__Villigracilis sp026928255
s__Anaerostipes sp019423795
s__Glaciimonas sp016917355
s__SLOG01 sp007132635
s__UBA4372 sp024697945
s__Niastella luteola
s__UBA1219 sp905233475
s__JAJDAT01 sp029261715
s__JAADID01 sp030618545
s__JAHOYW01 sp030634125
s__Peribacillus_A saganii
s__Viridilinea halotolerans
s__Pandoraea horticolens
s__JADLEL01 sp020846145
s__Kribbella sp004365355
s__Acidovorax sp002797445
s__Puia sp013288945
s__Phosphoribacter sp016711095
s__Neptunochlamydia sp030408485
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031281575
s__JAEEHZ01 sp016296885
s__RFSX01 sp029262995
s__UBA9320 sp028247315
s__Tharpella aukensis
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp003151815
s__RUG11198 sp934120635
s__Gp13-AA77 sp030037755
s__Rhodoligotrophos defluvii
s__Roseicyclus sp015689735
s__Symbiothrix sp025996755
s__Pontibacter diazotrophicus
s__Akkermansia sp022510805
s__Legionella sp003989735
s__G029867005 sp029867005
s__Contendobacter_A odensis_A
s__Promineifilum sp937858165
s__JAAXHH01 sp022823465
s__Marvinbryantia sp030524785
s__Henriciella sp030066975
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp001770235
s__UBA2882 sp016297945
s__Ancylomarina sp009669305
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp946886695
s__Gallibacter sp937900695
s__Pontibacter litorisediminis
s__Maribacter_A aquimaris
s__JAITPA01 sp031289695
s__UBA9145 sp902591495
s__Dietzia sp946570335
s__Desulfolinea sp024224815
s__JAJDNW01 sp029940035
s__UASB340 sp001468925
s__IMCC34051 sp003605175
s__JALEFY01 sp022760435
s__DYGS01 sp020724585
s__JAKASX01 sp021812285
s__UBA1740 sp946404295
s__Eubacterium_O barkeri
s__CANQSA01 sp947626415
s__Saccharofermentans sp902789515
s__Caccovivens sp017936585
s__Roseivirga sp017592825
s__GCA-2748055 sp011048475
s__SKXG01 sp007128525
s__Reinekea thalattae
s__OLB17 sp025362075
s__JAPLMF01 sp026387155
s__UBA4466 sp024280155
s__WJKA01 sp014728215
s__JAFGCR01 sp016932495
s__Aquibium sp950071955
s__Collinsella sp934675795
s__JAOTZH01 sp029861425
s__AG-422-B15 sp902523535
s__Eubacterium_B sp023394035
s__Sphaerisporangium rubeum
s__Bifidobacterium choloepi
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae_R
s__CALNCD01 sp937874965
s__Sphingomonas sp001421245
s__Formivibrio citricus
s__Leifsonia_A flavus
s__Thermodesulfatator_A sp026985945
s__JAJPXC01 sp020859755
s__SpSt-205 sp025060275
s__Tetragenococcus halophilus_B
s__Paraflavitalea devenefica
s__Oleiagrimonas sp027019085
s__Brevibacillus gelatini
s__CALRGH01 sp943357245
s__JAITHG01 sp031280075
s__AC-56 sp005884985
s__JABUSF01 sp021443945
s__UBA6098 sp011388305
s__Sodaliphilus sp016290325
s__UBA5436 sp012838795
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017481885
s__CAG-196 sp946623365
s__Erwinia_C mediterraneensis
s__Bradyrhizobium lablabi_A
s__JAJPJA01 sp021324455
s__Bartonella sp026930205
s__Rhodanobacter sp002001105
s__JAGQYO01 sp020435995
s__Paracoccus sp030536915
s__JACKGY01 sp020639295
s__Pristimantibacillus sp012935325
s__Clostridium_AA amylolyticum
s__Ferrithrix sp021790855
s__UBA1234 sp017522765
s__Polaromonas sp945871335
s__RECG01 sp007692425
s__Smaragdicoccus sp021372355
s__UBA1784 sp017508015
s__Enterousia sp017427405
s__Sulfuricella sp021373185
s__SLPX01 sp007131745
s__UBA1723 sp024401495
s__Dokdonella_A sp017744955
s__Coproplasma sp947177825
s__Psychrobacter sp018919485
s__PALSA-1004 sp025356695
s__JAISAF01 sp031270615
s__Granulicatella sp916719965
s__Pelagibacter sp902599665
s__Prevotella sp017557185
s__16-39-46 sp018242545
s__Propioniciclava sp937872005
s__Auraticoccus monumenti
s__CAADGU01 sp011525915
s__JACPXM01 sp016196545
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003211655
s__IMCC26134_A sp946482165
s__AWTP1-35 sp020715685
s__Ereboglobus sp029974595
s__Zobellella_C endophytica
s__JAHDYP01 sp023383055
s__UBA10364 sp002430755
s__CALGWV01 sp937936325
s__RAAP-2 sp021849765
s__PHOS-HE28 sp019638115
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AB
s__GCA-2747695 sp020854235
s__DRKF01 sp026983855
s__G019856515 sp025210775
s__S015-6 sp030609865
s__S144-17 sp015486425
s__Perlucidibaca baekdonensis
s__RUG12438 sp947169395
s__AG11 sp946479995
s__Biostraticola tofi
s__Erythrobacter tepidarius
s__Paenibacillus_AL athensensis
s__Sphingomonas sp019746665
s__Mesorhizobium ventifaucium
s__WRJS01 sp009777165
s__JAMORN01 sp027063545
s__CAG-552 sp947627075
s__CAKZJW01 sp937923325
s__Fontimonas thermophila
s__Microbacterium sp900102175
s__Xanthomonas populi
s__S143-33 sp027083655
s__CADEFT01 sp937952345
s__Desulfomicrobium sp024204645
s__Cloacimonas sp938009275
s__Joostella marina
s__JAHELU01 sp938021675
s__OMSK01 sp017936845
s__ISDg sp017962105
s__Hydrogenophaga sp011391745
s__Coprenecus sp018064575
s__Roseobacter sp947501635
s__UBA7445 sp949524905
s__CAIWAH01 sp903821635
s__Parvibaculum sp014359855
s__VBCG01 sp020851235
s__Tritonobacter lacicola
s__Bartonella phoceensis
s__Henriciella sp021776655
s__CCY15215 sp016888125
s__GCA-2684655 sp938003515
s__Methylobacterium trifolii
s__Tamlana_B laminarinivorans
s__JAUIBR01 sp030427705
s__Isoptericola halalbus
s__JAUZPC01 sp030706105
s__Gimesia aquarii
s__Polynucleobacter sp016867965
s__JAAZNO01 sp018055515
s__Enterousia sp023402015
s__Prevotella sp902775605
s__Pedobacter ginsenosidimutans
s__JACKHO01 sp020426515
s__RGIG1828 sp017416845
s__Saccharofermentans sp017617935
s__CAIOTO01 sp030727085
s__Rhodoferax sp030682475
s__Pelagibacter sp902569285
s__Solimonas_A sp003428335
s__Clostridiisalibacter paucivorans
s__Corynebacterium choanae
s__PHBD01 sp013177825
s__Allosphingosinicella sp030146745
s__JACMLN01 sp014379585
s__Nitrosomonas sp019752415
s__CAG-269 sp947627555
s__Mesorhizobium sp013170825
s__UMGS1865 sp946641795
s__ELB16-189 sp025455445
s__UBA1711 sp017618625
s__B13-G4 sp030611115
s__CAIJYI01 sp943356445
s__Ventrenecus sp947585065
s__Pseudomonas_E chlororaphis_H
s__Phocaeicola sp020026225
s__Variovorax sp900100965
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902631535
s__CALKKN01 sp026193295
s__JAACDM01 sp030425385
s__UBA1140 sp003978395
s__Bacillus_BU sp000242895
s__Acinetobacter sp030523805
s__UBA4132 sp030654015
s__S144-51 sp027074255
s__Bacillus_D sp001685025
s__Pelagibacter sp001704065
s__Obscuribacter phosphatis_A
s__Neobacillus sp001510715
s__C7867-001 sp001189195
s__Calescibacterium sp030550715
s__W3P20-009 sp017417385
s__Pelagibius sp009377535
s__RYN-431 sp028288875
s__JAGXHH01 sp024636355
s__Streptomyces humidus
s__Gallimonas sp947629345
s__Alitiscatomonas sp947643685
s__9FT-COMBO-48-23 sp016783155
s__JACRCG01 sp903879825
s__JAHEXW01 sp023251915
s__Virgibacillus proomii_B
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013149275
s__Vibrio hibernica
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus_E
s__Bdellovibrio sp002209355
s__Ohtaekwangia sp902168185
s__Bacteriovorax sp002428265
s__Marinobacter sp913055835
s__JAAETI01 sp030064765
s__Pelagibacter sp902532525
s__UBA2995 sp937920335
s__Streptomyces coryli
s__Brevundimonas sp002419815
s__JAIROZ01 sp031257075
s__NORP233 sp016765095
s__JAHDCE01 sp020630045
s__JAOUFE01 sp029858425
s__Salibacter halophilus
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947302355
s__Neoroseomonas sp016869715
s__JAFNAG01 sp017860135
s__Specibacter cryoconiti
s__Stercorousia sp948964545
s__Rubrobacter_F sp902806105
s__JAEUSB01 sp019694685
s__JAEELK01 sp030527065
s__UBA3282 sp947588995
s__DUOX01 sp012838665
s__Sedimenticola hydrogenitrophicus
s__UBA5150 sp002792275
s__Sideroxyarcus sp016208015
s__Kordiimonas sp016765035
s__JAEYGM01 sp023454275
s__Pelagibacter sp902527415
s__B24-G6 sp029935705
s__Loigolactobacillus rennini
s__Nocardia cyriacigeorgica_F
s__Alkalibacterium subtropicum
s__Bifidobacterium stellenboschense
s__HyVt-613 sp027031185
s__Peptoniphilus_E sp000952975
s__Streptococcus pantholopis
s__WYBJ01 sp022841915
s__SW-11-45-7 sp003022985
s__Rhodoluna sp024641065
s__Blattabacterium sp000262715
s__CAG-1000 sp947628895
s__Mycobacterium sp001667665
s__SZUA-1433 sp015662615
s__Sediminibacterium sp018971025
s__JAMDEM01 sp023486985
s__Rubrobacter_F sp016781885
s__Chitinimonas viridis
s__Anaerovibrio sp022786545
s__JAIVJG01 sp020200155
s__UMGS1071 sp944384795
s__JAAKFX01 sp011064905
s__Acanthopleuribacter sp030429565
s__UBA4466 sp013215515
s__S015-6 sp015486285
s__Agromyces sp913053875
s__MGBC100174 sp947629585
s__JAJPJW01 sp025980505
s__Aulosira sp014697075
s__Acinetobacter sp004331255
s__Methylosinus sp003105285
s__JAIXWP01 sp947457285
s__UBA1535 sp017352195
s__VGKG01 sp016867115
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945983015
s__Campylobacter_B sp937990735
s__Hylemonella sp030695415
s__Hel1-33-131 sp943789465
s__UBA1711 sp017962545
s__Pseudolabrys sp030684935
s__RUG756 sp946408995
s__Eudoraea sp024642325
s__JACKCC01 sp024275635
s__UBA10428 sp003508755
s__JADHTT01 sp016784825
s__JAMXEX01 sp025370775
s__S141-66 sp024280655
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp003331265
s__Pedobacter_A mongoliensis
s__Pygmaiobacter sp944386485
s__Acidocella sp028870815
s__Colwellia psychrerythraea_B
s__UBA2883 sp902767275
s__UBA10438 sp018883125
s__UBA3766 sp016284175
s__Lysobacter_C sp030859305
s__Salibacterium halotolerans
s__Saccharofermentans sp017451265
s__JAHFOJ01 sp023266875
s__CAINDZ01 sp016873405
s__VRUF01 sp030671565
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp016875255
s__Tsuneonella mangrovi
s__CAMCVE01 sp945881775
s__Kitasatospora tateyamensis
s__MS024-2A sp913020075
s__UBA2214 sp963169875
s__TMED54 sp902630555
s__Phenylobacterium sp030645195
s__ZC4RG19 sp017577565
s__JAJDOD01 sp022826385
s__Onthoplasma sp947627545
s__Paucilactobacillus wasatchensis
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp021156265
s__CAMLHU01 sp946479825
s__Pseudolabrys sp029255525
s__Streptomyces chlorinus
s__UBA5189 sp002413045
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947165805
s__UBA1711 sp017428115
s__Defluviicoccus sp016793875
s__SB21 sp008933615
s__DAOVAE01 sp030671225
s__Arthrobacter sp026683955
s__OLB23 sp018062135
s__NORP181 sp003354145
s__JAENVV01 sp905480085
s__Demequina sp002090175
s__JALXDT01 sp027067555
s__RUG369 sp017466305
s__Labilibaculum sp030372765
s__JAGWMQ01 sp028873125
s__CAISOI01 sp903886985
s__UBA3789 sp902798815
s__Pedobacter sp001423945
s__Actinosynnema deserti
s__UBA3006 sp007279905
s__Mesorhizobium sophorae
s__JADFMZ01 sp022563615
s__RGIG2774 sp017429345
s__JASUSP01 sp030446005
s__Draconibacterium sp023111095
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp030531065
s__Mucilaginibacter straminoryzae
s__JAAUSE01 sp012031925
s__Rhodoferax_C sp946221635
s__Pseudomonas_E fuscovaginae_A
s__Novacetimonas cocois
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014472415
s__SLST01 sp028284845
s__BM509 sp002868865
s__DTU052 sp012729505
s__Edaphobacter modestus
s__Ferruginibacter sp025351645
s__JAEUHH01 sp020439945
s__CANNJI01 sp947504875
s__Hymenobacter rubripertinctus
s__Streptococcus mitis_W
s__Palsa-288 sp025357875
s__Novosphingobium sp903868655
s__GCA-2746155 sp024206355
s__Avispirillum sp947652805
s__WRKY01 sp031272895
s__SIG332 sp015056865
s__JAAXGV01 sp012271185
s__JAQXZK01 sp029227175
s__Algihabitans sp006969625
s__JACPPP01 sp016190935
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaligenes_B
s__JABDGM01 sp022614705
s__Nakamurella sp030853385
s__Ga0077527 sp021732605
s__CAIMMJ01 sp903842515
s__Ochrobactrum_A thiophenivorans
s__Hallerella sp024689485
s__Luteolibacter sp018969605
s__JAQYVZ01 sp030630015
s__UBA12489 sp022710895
s__PFJX01 sp020049245
s__J020 sp003696725
s__Occallatibacter gaucii
s__JACQGS01 sp016199405
s__CAG-791 sp900625025
s__UMGS1490 sp017633865
s__UBA4720 sp030775065
s__Seonamhaeicola sp023273855
s__JANQGQ01 sp028277185
s__RPQJ01 sp011391405
s__JACPRK01 sp016190005
s__JAERMM01 sp016844585
s__RDYZ01 sp012033105
s__Flavobacterium jejuense
s__VRUE01 sp025450195
s__Polynucleobacter sp947449305
s__GWA2-66-18 sp023213235
s__JABSOI01 sp013216015
s__UBA11872 sp022824865
s__SKYB61 sp026005135
s__Aestuariispira_A ectoiniformans
s__CAG-196 sp024408905
s__JACCUC01 sp902806245
s__Paracidovorax avenae_A
s__RGIG3701 sp030527705
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017536895
s__Palsa-1315 sp009885705
s__Desulfopertinax sp014859075
s__Endobugula sp000209515
s__DYRK01 sp020718785
s__Phycicoccus sp011383005
s__JALOQM01 sp025453495
s__SLIM01 sp011390365
s__JAFAFZ01 sp023423215
s__Oceanobacter kriegii
s__Endozoicomonas arenosclerae
s__Gromoviella agglomerans
s__Mobilicoccus sp030538585
s__Lentihominibacter sp017431785
s__Bulleidia sp017469885
s__Buchnera aphidicola_G
s__Frankia sp000262465
s__SCQA01 sp004298725
s__TMP-86 sp018240265
s__Collinsella sp031295725
s__Streptococcus sp905221295
s__Nitrosomonas sp018241205
s__JALYJZ01 sp030775025
s__C7867-001 sp021817685
s__Crocosphaera sp030065205
s__Azospirillum sp023411035
s__Fimenecus sp002361875
s__JAFGXL01 sp016936655
s__Stieleria maiorica
s__JAOACS01 sp026417655
s__CALHIP01 sp026417895
s__JAJXWB01 sp028868735
s__UBA1774 sp017535635
s__Pelagibacter sp902599955
s__RUG14130 sp017543905
s__Glycomyces dulcitolivorans
s__Nodosilinea sp000763385
s__Alkanindiges sp004173455
s__Leptofilum proximum
s__Pelagibacter sp902550285
s__Gallispira sp947631975
s__Thermogemmatispora onikobensis
s__JACVRN01 sp014534425
s__Metamycoplasma auris_A
s__Acetatifactor sp015056915
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947625445
s__Sodaliphilus sp902784675
s__UBA1383 sp009930425
s__JAEUPI01 sp026125795
s__JAHFRG01 sp023258935
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902542795
s__JAJFFG01 sp021776825
s__UBA877 sp016208355
s__Zoogloea sp021286885
s__DSPP01 sp022614805
s__Riemerella anatipestifer_B
s__Saccharicenans sp013178315
s__Rhodoferax sp020594515
s__JAEUIT01 sp016795065
s__JAAYBZ01 sp012744445
s__Allopontixanthobacter confluentis
s__JAHDGW01 sp020629715
s__JALVQM01 sp027031325
s__Pseudomonas_E turukhanskensis
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp030266525
s__Marmoricola sp030947625
s__Rhodococcus kyotonensis
s__Arcobacter sp004116465
s__Thermopetrobacter sp000746275
s__Desulfosporosinus metallidurans
s__Pelagibacter sp003282055
s__Aureliella sp002862265
s__BQUT01 sp022835675
s__CADEED01 sp016703895
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947630175
s__Trichlorobacter sp002424705
s__PKXF01 sp003133385
s__CALFHW01 sp937876695
s__GUT77 sp031286265
s__Epibacterium ulvae_A
s__Alkalibacter sp003446375
s__Litchfieldia alkalitelluris
s__RGIG9287 sp031275995
s__PH2015 sp025455065
s__JAUVYQ01 sp030603035
s__CAG-269 sp947589135
s__Enterocola sp024405815
s__JACQTR01 sp016210705
s__JAGLLT01 sp030630095
s__JABFXX01 sp016794545
s__1-14-0-20-49-13 sp002796305
s__JARUKZ01 sp029688955
s__Ga0077523 sp026125595
s__Gleimia sp030537735
s__2-12-FULL-48-17 sp001818775
s__Paraliobacillus salinarum
s__Propionivibrio sp031257115
s__BB31 sp020720115
s__SUP05 sp029941485
s__UBA8524 sp003531115
s__Akkermansia sp030535795
s__CAJBLF01 sp019248075
s__Ferruginibacter sp018266775
s__Pelagibacter sp902514695
s__WTFY01 sp026713925
s__UBA6100 sp009668945
s__Aquimarina sp002846555
s__JACPYF01 sp016196195
s__CAZU01 sp015062285
s__GWF2-38-10 sp000992305
s__Collinsella sp902491765
s__UBA6107 sp021825925
s__Arthrobacter sp001512305
s__UBA2883 sp902783125
s__Bog-1198 sp025358295
s__JAGSHC01 sp937891735
s__Sphingobium psychrophilum
s__Anaeromyxobacter oryzae
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp002848135
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938045415
s__JAEULH01 sp016793925
s__Faecousia sp015067935
s__Rhodoluna sp009698805
s__Bacteroides sp905215555
s__Muricoprocola sp934373455
s__UBA5616 sp002423615
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281625
s__Paraburkholderia sp001931485
s__Pelagibacter sp902516345
s__JADFKI01 sp022561955
s__Faecousia sp958438185
s__WHSU01 sp009379925
s__JAUXIP01 sp030620935
s__JAPLWQ01 sp028688375
s__JAAYMS01 sp937988745
s__YE71 sp024697705
s__Labedaea rhizosphaerae
s__JASGMV01 sp030156255
s__Poriferisocius sp022822265
s__JAHDVQ01 sp023384595
s__Hydrogenophilus thiooxidans
s__JADJXV01 sp016197185
s__JGM124 sp947631255
s__UBA9215 sp024281375
s__Prevotella sp934229335
s__Mycobacterium fortunisiensis
s__Collinsella sp902495155
s__M3007 sp006226345
s__Avelusimicrobium sp946061795
s__Flavobacterium sp018062725
s__Microbacterium sp021341785
s__UBA10002 sp001820935
s__UPXZ01 sp012518275
s__JALWSQ01 sp026993645
s__Cellulomonas sp022013895
s__Mycobacterium senriense
s__LNZQ01 sp002007315
s__Inhella proteolytica
s__Oceanispirochaeta sp002084805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002434265
s__QFNR01 sp943914555
s__Aureliella sp934278005
s__UBA11707 sp903891735
s__Eubacterium_I sp021201035
s__Streptomyces sp028200735
s__JAJFBM01 sp029266475
s__Mesorhizobium sp019091085
s__UBA6183 sp027482225
s__CALJUJ01 sp937975525
s__Gordonia_B jinhuaensis
s__JADFNQ01 sp022563285
s__Choladousia sp021199475
s__UBA3054 sp017554565
s__Neptuniibacter sp947498015
s__UMGS1124 sp934089255
s__JACMPN01 sp014377495
s__SKSR01 sp007122885
s__JACQKU01 sp016204335
s__JALOPH01 sp025453995
s__Actinoplanes atraurantiacus
s__Caccovivens sp017621525
s__Belliella buryatensis
s__PXAP01 sp003556985
s__VRUE01 sp025450585
s__Aeromicrobium sp025965115
s__Saccharospirillum sp018402545
s__JABDJM01 sp937930025
s__CFX2 sp013388735
s__Mycobacterium peregrinum_A
s__Halobacillus sp022919095
s__Schumannella luteola
s__Vitreimonas sp030430715
s__Neptuniibacter halophilus
s__Scybalousia sp949296705
s__JAIPGX01 sp021735465
s__RUG14515 sp946401755
s__Terasakiella brassicae
s__JAJEFO01 sp022824315
s__Planococcus sp007859275
s__Psychroserpens sp018222875
s__Vineibacter sp007859315
s__Onthousia sp946498975
s__Pseudooceanicola sp000220565
s__Acholeplasma sp002399815
s__Patiriisocius marinistellae
s__Mitsuaria sp029840635
s__OAS926 sp019635755
s__GCA-002722245 sp029251005
s__Roseococcus sp019747315
s__DAOWGJ01 sp030618605
s__Selenomonas_B sp947167105
s__CALLLO01 sp938082985
s__Mesotoga sp001603185
s__Pseudomethylobacillus aquaticus
s__Roseilinea mizusawaensis
s__Leadbetterella soyangensis
s__UBA12478 sp016206085
s__Microbacterium_A sp026107415
s__CAG-177 sp017466365
s__Pelagibacter sp902551895
s__MFJZ01 sp001781025
s__JAJXYA01 sp021780795
s__UBA940 sp002293535
s__Haematospirillum sp012102705
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp946482355
s__Deinococcus sp009017495
s__2-12-FULL-67-15 sp001830475
s__UBA6987 sp017619615
s__Chlorobium sp013334565
s__Ectorhizobium quercum
s__JASJXV01 sp030123805
s__CASRZP01 sp948466735
s__Sphingomonas soli
s__JARLHI01 sp031292355
s__JACQMB01 sp016203765
s__JAAZFZ01 sp024684435
s__UBA6107 sp018056725
s__Actinokineospora sp030857905
s__Faecousia sp934645175
s__Flagellimonas sp028280385
s__Amylibacter sediminis
s__CABSEG01 sp902476645
s__HGM11416 sp934796775
s__Caccovivens sp944362545
s__Ereboglobus sp031282705
s__JAQBQQ01 sp028286915
s__MB11C04 sp902569115
s__Azonexus hortensis
s__Acetatifactor sp947586055
s__Rhodopila sp017304945
s__Nanopelagicus sp947490605
s__SZUA-229 sp003228405
s__JAADIV01 sp024274995
s__JAAYCI01 sp030267215
s__BNUT01 sp025997595
s__Novosphingobium sp028868535
s__Rhizomicrobium sp003158585
s__CALJMC01 sp937982385
s__Faecousia sp017411905
s__CAMCXE01 sp945882995
s__RGIG5612 sp017652745
s__Fibrobacter sp946186895
s__UMGS1865 sp902793915
s__JSC-12 sp027482985
s__Yeguia hominis
s__Sphingomonas sp028823055
s__CAG-475 sp947589635
s__RGIG1666 sp934438075
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_N
s__Mobilitalea sp023421075
s__UBA3207 sp946185585
s__UBA7584 sp017478185
s__Flavobacterium sp900187965
s__MedAcidi-G3 sp004214275
s__Flagellimonas sp030268205
s__BM304 sp002868905
s__JAPPLB01 sp026713545
s__BOG-234 sp025928545
s__Sabulitectum sp002748705
s__M55B127 sp913055675
s__Mucilaginibacter flavus
s__Egerieousia sp946187365
s__JAIRKV01 sp031267135
s__Pseudorhodobacter sp030452865
s__Firm-16 sp902794115
s__UBA7441 sp009908325
s__Neptuniibacter marinus
s__Acetatifactor sp023664305
s__ELB16-189 sp026129485
s__Chryseobacterium aahli
s__AAA240-E13 sp000513075
s__Tsukamurella sp000312385
s__Steffania adelgidicola
s__JANQQO01 sp028289305
s__UBA5356 sp002407935
s__Microbacterium sp019061125
s__UBA5578 sp947628235
s__CAIULA01 sp019751935
s__JACMJD01 sp014380825
s__WRKP01 sp031288955
s__JAPLLU01 sp026387385
s__JAHFUQ01 sp030862235
s__UBA6985 sp946611605
s__Ohtaekwangia flava
s__JACQTF01 sp016210925
s__SHZI01 sp023383705
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp955652625
s__Pelagibacter sp902614905
s__JANWZA01 sp025054775
s__Collinsella sp900756945
s__2-02-FULL-46-13 sp001820875
s__Flavobacterium frigoris_A
s__Tannerella sp031270465
s__Vibrio aquimaris
s__RGIG2000 sp017623975
s__JAPLOP01 sp026400645
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp002127285
s__Firm-10 sp001603025
s__NICIL-2 sp026416585
s__Flavobacterium dauae
s__UBA10103 sp030674455
s__Bruticola sp934644775
s__Caulobacter sp002737755
s__JACQBO01 sp016194465
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AR
s__Avimonas sp023415895
s__Arthrobacter_E sp029690065
s__J025 sp003696645
s__VGXK01 sp016873355
s__RGIG8700 sp017622395
s__Psychrobacillus sp007676755
s__Aeromonas fluvialis
s__KAN-5 sp018268755
s__Psychroserpens jangbogonensis
s__Gemmobacter_B ruber
s__HGM11416 sp017522945
s__Ignatzschineria sp945639195
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902760755
s__RPQJ01 sp022865595
s__UBA1181 sp016285885
s__Actinopolymorpha alba
s__UBA9959 sp001799795
s__JAGQLF01 sp020429545
s__MMGLQ5-1 sp031270215
s__Collinsella sp902475475
s__JAEWSN01 sp020047785
s__Synechococcus_B spongiarum_C
s__JAFGKF01 sp016928695
s__Aestuariivirga sp014380505
s__CAG-269 sp948857205
s__JAUQQM01 sp030549895
s__Streptomyces sp003949795
s__Devosia elaeis
s__Shimia sp947331465
s__28-YEA-48 sp947455285
s__Gallionella sp003134595
s__Brevefilum sp016841445
s__Palsa-1033 sp003152165
s__JAHJTV01 sp028280735
s__Kutzneria chonburiensis
s__UTCHB3 sp020161395
s__Vagococcus martis
s__AG-414-E02 sp902606835
s__JAAFHI01 sp013298335
s__Desulfurella amilsii
s__Owenweeksia sp030427785
s__Arachnia sp030537675
s__Prevotella sp002317385
s__MAG-120802 sp018882735
s__Enterousia sp946625925
s__UMGS1865 sp017505745
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029714305
s__Vibrio sp002873395
s__Scatomorpha sp944385805
s__Lysobacter_D daejeonensis
s__Flavobacterium sp946480635
s__SXSP01 sp005792225
s__JACRKA01 sp020718125
s__RGIG3102 sp015067245
s__Novosphingobium sp945906105
s__Rodentibacter sp001999425
s__QVMH01 sp023391625
s__Palsa-744 sp027306855
s__JAQVCS01 sp947074125
s__SSS58A sp028706585
s__Bu52 sp014896355
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947624435
s__Thioalkalivibrio paradoxus_A
s__JAISLT01 sp031275945
s__Novosphingobium album
s__J004 sp026991535
s__DYHV01 sp020723985
s__Paracoccus sp030538515
s__Paucibacter_A sp002255955
s__JAIFLN01 sp947478845
s__JACCQS01 sp030860025
s__JANWWR01 sp937944855
s__Enteromonas sp902803375
s__MSPOR6 sp009842375
s__Aliiroseovarius sp029105185
s__QHCC01 sp003243915
s__RUG592 sp902785425
s__Halopseudomonas pelagia
s__Microbacterium sp902506375
s__Carnobacterium_A funditum
s__Pelagibacter sp902556825
s__DZBS01 sp029934705
s__AV40 sp030774845
s__Wolbachia sp028571345
s__Planococcus donghaensis_B
s__CAIKUF01 sp014879745
s__JALCQC01 sp022651005
s__UBA5070 sp903825275
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514105
s__Psychromonas marina
s__Fortiea sp000316575
s__Algoriphagus algorifonticola
s__UBA9410 sp030747775
s__Pelagibacter sp902521615
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp028293765
s__Methylobacterium pseudosasicola
s__UBA7703 sp023395595
s__GCA-012562765 sp012569045
s__SKIU01 sp007116275
s__JABCPE02 sp030529185
s__Treponema_D sp017551545
s__JAUNKE01 sp030528605
s__LD21 sp029564935
s__JAKQCH01 sp029573825
s__JACDBZ01 sp013694795
s__CAIWCD01 sp018266095
s__Methylomirabilis sp023249055
s__UBA2227 sp927435855
s__Mxb001 sp016870515
s__Mesoplasma tabanidae
s__Aureimonas mangrovi
s__JANYJA01 sp025358575
s__SHND01 sp016209205
s__Prado023 sp025456015
s__JADFFQ01 sp022566725
s__PFEM01 sp002793635
s__Hallerella sp934691725
s__MEDG-81 sp902625415
s__Limimorpha sp946405575
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947169915
s__JAJNDI01 sp021156325
s__Eperythrozoon_B haemocanis
s__JAFLUQ01 sp947629615
s__JAHDHZ01 sp020631045
s__JACKFV01 sp020632335
s__Hydrogenophaga sp009859475
s__RUG14199 sp017529175
s__JAQVHL01 sp028696185
s__Metabacillus litoralis_C
s__Immundisolibacter sp003526065
s__Hominilimicola sp947623955
s__UBA3015 sp009921985
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp026169815
s__JACRCG01 sp025360785
s__Elizabethkingia argenteiflava
s__Croceicoccus sp016745095
s__Thalassocella blandensis
s__Leptolyngbya sp014695255
s__JAFDMG01 sp019306045
s__Crocosphaera sp003013815
s__Chryseobacterium rhizoplanae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210895
s__Variovorax sp900107745
s__CAG-269 sp944388665
s__DAOWKM01 sp030643695
s__CAMCHB01 sp944386645
s__DAOWMZ01 sp030642845
s__UBA2192 sp018053845
s__Longimonas sp913056335
s__AWTP1-18 sp023230455
s__JACQLN01 sp030697795
s__JAAZMX01 sp012797775
s__Paracoccus tibetensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902557585
s__SYFI01 sp018969105
s__Saccharofermentans sp017509205
s__Propionicimonas sp023458095
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934691625
s__Xenophilus sp916700565
s__UBA3081 sp002366615
s__JAJFIK01 sp021774965
s__Microbacterium sp030818795
s__Nitromaritima sp029937635
s__CANQFX01 sp947600015
s__JABWCH01 sp938003875
s__Acetivibrio sp023421115
s__Desulfonatronum sp003046795
s__JAUQWW01 sp030834965
s__Fimbriimonas ginsengisoli_A
s__AG-337-I02 sp902514875
s__Actibacterium_D atlanticum
s__Thioglobus_C sp029243595
s__M50B92 sp018401135
s__Eubacterium_F sp023664685
s__Prevotella sp946625715
s__CAITSH01 sp903895005
s__LD21 sp002319885
s__Chelativorans sp000518985
s__Sulfitobacter sp024637305
s__BACL14 sp029244935
s__Ignatzschineria rhizosphaerae
s__Devosia_A sp025352765
s__Deinococcus sp013337115
s__JACRMB01 sp020053595
s__JAEEJA01 sp024691565
s__Quinella sp017406175
s__SYFR01 sp009692485
s__Malikia sp943326015
s__S143-66 sp026986535
s__CSSED10-109M sp003566505
s__Azonexus sp031274715
s__HyVt-206 sp011041825
s__Edaphobacter bradus
s__JAJTHA01 sp021299565
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp023264135
s__Flavobacterium luteum
s__Pelagibacter sp902516425
s__Bruticola sp934636825
s__HGM04593 sp017558165
s__Mesomycoplasma sp012516495
s__Jannaschia sp030973515
s__Brooklawnia cerclae
s__Rhodopseudomonas_A rhenobacensis
s__Micromonospora sp002140155
s__CAG-272 sp017482355
s__JAOARG01 sp025210655
s__Pristimantibacillus lignocellulolyticus
s__JAFGUB01 sp016938735
s__JAFGJU01 sp016928935
s__JAGLBW01 sp015494435
s__JAHEDA01 sp024641445
s__Maridesulfovibrio ferrireducens_A
s__Of7-15 sp022347565
s__UBA12068 sp028715015
s__Occallatibacter sp028876395
s__Sulfurospirillum_A sp026988125
s__JAILHT01 sp024695665
s__CALFBG01 sp937951685
s__REEB481 sp947463435
s__MGBC108787 sp947649365
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003164855
s__Fimbriimonas sp030447945
s__Amylibacter sp937944065
s__Gp6-AA40 sp947465275
s__WHSP01 sp009380025
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029989365
s__MED-G16 sp002702205
s__CAG-269 sp934132805
s__Limivicinus sp902799075
s__Polynucleobacter sp030297555
s__Kineobactrum salinum
s__JAISAD01 sp031266895
s__CUG-92003 sp013618635
s__Palsa-1188 sp023249405
s__UBA4096 sp024711325
s__Butyribacter sp017425575
s__Mycobacterium sp023264755
s__JANLHL01 sp024654535
s__Algoriphagus vanfongensis
s__GCA-2711565 sp018816945
s__Porcincola sp905236545
s__Pelagibacter sp902597675
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902618795
s__JAPLFL01 sp026390695
s__Rhodanobacter sp002001175
s__Mesorhizobium_A sp030698645
s__Aquisediminimonas sp018970965
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp023910635
s__CAUJIW01 sp963205175
s__UMGS1449 sp017438635
s__Mesorhizobium_A sp024710845
s__Abditibacterium sp023169805
s__Frondihabitans sp002074055
s__Methylocystis sp002862095
s__UBA695 sp028714515
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027490555
s__RFYP01 sp011526365
s__Avilachnospira sp030525875
s__Onthousia sp944359735
s__Gulosibacter sp012719255
s__Flavobacterium sp029320955
s__JAOZOW01 sp029933075
s__CAINVV01 sp023228025
s__JACQTH01 sp016178075
s__Litoribrevibacter sp015665455
s__Coprosoma sp948466255
s__UBA12225 sp009693165
s__JACPOV01 sp016191325
s__FW602-bin19 sp016191715
s__Methylosinus sp015709455
s__UBA10438 sp026390655
s__CALARM01 sp937888925
s__RGIG6874 sp017541465
s__RDYJ01 sp004293145
s__Methylomonas sp024505045
s__Limisoma sp020026215
s__DTU059 sp012728095
s__WRFF01 sp031272745
s__Acinetobacter celticus
s__JADFVP01 sp029262515
s__Propionicimonas sp020161755
s__Rathayibacter agropyri
s__Lancefieldella sp000565075
s__Novimethylophilus kurashikiensis
s__Croceimicrobium sp003045865
s__Streptomyces sp000719555
s__RF16 sp946534715
s__Corynebacterium uterequi
s__Enterovirga sp028290695
s__SW10 sp937944055
s__Silvibacterium sp019234945
s__RGIG9985 sp017553165
s__JAGVPR01 sp020052115
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AX
s__Prevotella sp021204735
s__Hoeflea_A sp947501445
s__Methylocystis sp900299115
s__Thalassospira sp017922435
s__SYPI01 sp005804005
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis_A
s__MED-G09 sp902537725
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023386445
s__BACL14 sp028344855
s__UBA4334 sp017448825
s__SIG644 sp015064395
s__JAUVGT01 sp030593645
s__Oceanicaulis sp001657295
s__Flavobacterium sp019345525
s__VMCJ01 sp008081395
s__WJLX01 sp014728225
s__Chryseolinea serpens
s__UBA10281 sp017396365
s__NK4A144 sp946533525
s__Asaia krungthepensis
s__Flavobacterium odoratimimum_A
s__QWPT01 sp027488265
s__Chlamydophila sanziniae
s__RGIG6375 sp017537165
s__Sulfuricurvum sp028713245
s__KLAP162 sp963169225
s__RGIG2041 sp017411585
s__Thiogranum sp011374975
s__JAKLGL01 sp937903605
s__Streptacidiphilus neutrinimicus
s__Pelagibacter sp902572225
s__JAITEX01 sp031263875
s__WFSI01 sp015486105
s__JAAEMP01 sp024224595
s__JAGFJO01 sp024102635
s__JAAYZX01 sp012514635
s__Polaromonas sp002413395
s__JAAUQL01 sp030637245
s__Limivicinus sp947630375
s__Nitrosomonas sp021774155
s__JACQFD01 sp016200225
s__YC2-FULL-38-9 sp016214055
s__CAIKXV01 sp019751575
s__Eikenella sp030528345
s__JAHJTV01 sp018829445
s__Eubacterium_R sp946555465
s__CAG-793 sp947588945
s__Aristaeella sp017464305
s__Virgibacillus_I halotolerans
s__Fervidicola ferrireducens
s__JACPVY01 sp016197345
s__Nocardioides sp902805885
s__Fimimonas sp947589685
s__Scatovivens sp934141445
s__JAADJA01 sp021106665
s__WRHW01 sp031256155
s__JAKAHW01 sp021825285
s__JACQVP01 sp016209715
s__Paracaedimonas sp001898725
s__Ochrobactrum_A rhizosphaerae
s__Leisingera sp019801415
s__Dactylosporangium siamense
s__JAHEXW01 sp025355855
s__Saccharofermentans sp017550385
s__Aegiribacteria sp030609965
s__Leeuwenhoekiella parthenopeia
s__JAEUJT01 sp016793525
s__JACABE01 sp023251515
s__Onthocola_B sp934096945
s__Luminiphilus syltensis
s__JAFGBC01 sp022867325
s__Gemmata sp025055115
s__2-12-FULL-57-22 sp016180805
s__Marixanthomonas ophiurae
s__NK4A144 sp902782575
s__Stieleria sedimenti
s__WTJZ01 sp938008215
s__JABFXX01 sp025353585
s__Agrococcus sp031178105
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030679635
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021850555
s__JAGNXB01 sp024642625
s__Rhodanobacter sp008329435
s__Psychroflexus longus
s__JAJYKC01 sp027459465
s__REEB161 sp028865305
s__JARYMM01 sp029907105
s__JAUXNU01 sp030682655
s__Opacimonas viscosa
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp020445165
s__UBA1227 sp002314645
s__Alloprevotella sp022788345
s__Pelagibacter sp902524635
s__Sulfuricystis sp026415155
s__JAUXDF01 sp030618505
s__CALMEC01 sp937862675
s__Paraburkholderia kururiensis_A
s__Brevundimonas sp023451375
s__Ruminococcus_C sp949283725
s__VENG01 sp009711705
s__Herminiimonas sp030655415
s__JAJCZB01 sp029262555
s__Echinicola soli
s__JAIORP01 sp021108075
s__CAJINA01 sp905176665
s__JAFAMW01 sp019232985
s__2-12-FULL-45-10 sp002773575
s__JACKAN01 sp020635055
s__Marinobacter halotolerans
s__Magnetominusculus sp015233485
s__JAAZDN01 sp012735275
s__JAGQNA01 sp020428315
s__JABDBU01 sp013288455
s__Allosalinactinospora lopnorensis
s__4484-93 sp021158465
s__CAG-793 sp947624195
s__QWPN01 sp945890755
s__UBA964 sp016874055
s__JAUYIB01 sp030688425
s__Sporosarcina sp008369195
s__Aequorivita todarodis
s__4484-213 sp030639955
s__UBA8231 sp026706075
s__Tyzzerella sp946495765
s__UBA2589 sp028823235
s__UBA1188 sp020633845
s__QHCE01 sp003243955
s__JAUNAF01 sp030527715
s__JABFXX01 sp019237945
s__Methylomusa anaerophila
s__Bog-1340 sp026395155
s__Diaminobutyricimonas aerilata
s__JAFDHO01 sp019308985
s__Pseudoduganella ginsengisoli
s__BACL27 sp945862025
s__B11-G15 sp003646745
s__Blautia_A sp902783305
s__Desulforapulum sp016342325
s__NK4A144 sp000622025
s__Aquabacterium_A sp017992055
s__Aquibium microcysteis
s__JACPPY01 sp016190755
s__PXAP01 sp003567115
s__JAOUGE01 sp029865605
s__Aquella sp028693355
s__DYJK01 sp020723165
s__JAHFST01 sp023265625
s__Rhodoglobus sp015864955
s__Veillonella sp938010505
s__JAKAVM01 sp027452005
s__JACROU01 sp016214265
s__UBA5158 sp013288815
s__Pelagibacter sp902574685
s__HGM10857 sp947628785
s__UBA2882 sp017387565
s__DFXE01 sp031259845
s__Chromatium weissei
s__Luteimonas_B sp030852515
s__CALMZY01 sp937870865
s__Listeria_A riparia
s__Phycicoccus sp016887965
s__JARIHA01 sp029288475
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp014894455
s__SXON01 sp016875315
s__Azovibrio sp031290955
s__CAG-269 sp947632585
s__CAIOGI01 sp025353045
s__GMQP-bins7 sp030857225
s__PFJX01 sp030684775
s__Anaerostipes sp021771695
s__UBA4096 sp005791855
s__Sinisalibacter sp001873585
s__Azonexus australiensis_B
s__Sterolibacterium sp018061005
s__Geodermatophilus obscurus_B
s__FEN-672 sp003158705
s__Plut-88900 sp012270635
s__DULO01 sp012840345
s__Faecalibacterium sp937915335
s__JACQTZ01 sp016210515
s__UBA4720 sp030946775
s__Pelagibacter sp902585415
s__WQWN01 sp009785325
s__CADAEX01 sp017642445
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279855
s__Prevotella sp022024035
s__Prevotella sp024684515
s__Nocardiopsis eucommiae
s__UBA1738 sp905236685
s__Flavobacterium sp020911945
s__Fimimonas sp947629985
s__Ruminococcus_E sp945868935
s__UBA1847 sp021773115
s__CAJQGY01 sp938075575
s__JAJRZQ01 sp024275165
s__WRBK01 sp031277155
s__Bacteroides sp902472795
s__SZUA-152 sp003229995
s__JAQUTY01 sp030527115
s__HTCC2207 sp943788875
s__UBA1328 sp018649665
s__Berkiella_A cookevillensis
s__Actinotalea sp023430425
s__SYFY01 sp030430515
s__Propioniciclava sp937859105
s__Alloprevotella sp017444485
s__Hymenobacter rubidus
s__W-Chloroflexi-9 sp023228765
s__JAHJTB01 sp018830135
s__UBA3402 sp947589095
s__Aquabacterium_A sp002198735
s__DRYD01 sp026418475
s__Nostoc sp015206895
s__GCA-2712585 sp913052045
s__Brevundimonas sp019748055
s__JALYGJ01 sp027346765
s__Bordetella_C sp002261215
s__SKJI01 sp938010495
s__JAHEYG01 sp025362575
s__Isoalcanivorax sp013823245
s__Cyanocohniella sp022241785
s__JACMQD01 sp014377155
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063315
s__Nocardia sp014360565
s__Actinospica acidithermotolerans
s__Zophobacter franzmannii
s__UBA5336 sp022760335
s__Pristimantibacillus sp016019935
s__Kitasatospora sp003610255
s__UMGS2016 sp944355255
s__RGIG3102 sp949297385
s__MED727 sp902579605
s__CAG-269 sp947631725
s__Sphingomonas suaedae
s__G020345805 sp020345805
s__Arthrobacter_F crystallopoietes_A
s__Brenneria izadpanahii
s__UBA5536 sp023229135
s__Spirosoma endophyticum
s__Campylobacter_B sp938036585
s__BM506 sp030597865
s__Mycobacterium hodleri
s__CAIMTB01 sp016795425
s__SFTH01 sp934670175
s__CAINVV01 sp903881215
s__Ureibacillus composti
s__Aureliella sp003695565
s__SDRW01 sp030528355
s__Eubacterium_F sp017633905
s__Nisaea acidiphila
s__SYFN01 sp027490255
s__JAUWEX01 sp030607235
s__M50B103 sp030620575
s__Leeuwenhoekiella sp000733945
s__JAGVEG01 sp020058355
s__JAUNTE01 sp030538855
s__Pelagibacter sp902516465
s__OFTM347 sp029259715
s__Occallatibacter sp030040935
s__JABDGZ01 sp015233335
s__Hoyosella subflava
s__JANTGF01 sp024763075
s__Corynebacterium sp915275065
s__Antarcticimicrobium luteum
s__LL51 sp031268005
s__MGBC139354 sp947630095
s__UBA6987 sp902797385
s__JAFUYI01 sp017650255
s__UBA912 sp002293965
s__Bordetella_B ansorpii_A
s__Muribaculum sp014801525
s__Jiangella asiatica
s__Limnohabitans_A sp024641725
s__Pseudanabaena sp001873375
s__UBA4372 sp017552435
s__Vitreimonas sp014378995
s__Corynebacterium sp943913625
s__UBA2475 sp947457335
s__Prevotella sp024398495
s__WHTJ01 sp009377795
s__Vreelandella variabilis
s__Mycobacterium sp016197405
s__Fibrobacter sp016295375
s__JADZAE01 sp020852715
s__JACDBF01 sp013695055
s__Bacteroides sp958445495
s__Clostridium_AD sp018861905
s__Gallimonas sp947625555
s__Alkalimarinus sp016744695
s__Trichormus minutissimus
s__Novosphingobium arvoryzae
s__JAIRLB01 sp031259365
s__Acidovorax sp030704685
s__Erythrobacter sp027489065
s__Clostridium_AM sp025398335
s__GCA-002793235 sp029210015
s__Aquimarina brevivitae
s__AG-422-B15 sp902525575
s__UMGS1908 sp934778215
s__Bdellovibrio sp946480995
s__Haloferula rosea
s__Asaia platycodi
s__Acinetobacter sp002688565
s__Nevskia soli
s__Allorhizobium sp900473745
s__Enterenecus sp947585425
s__SG1 sp023612375
s__Thiothrix subterranea
s__Nocardioides gilvus
s__JAHDFB01 sp020627825
s__MAG-120802 sp030832365
s__Phaeospirillum sp030824585
s__Vaginella massiliensis
s__UBA9639 sp016212885
s__Litorimonas sp947498175
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947584595
s__Kangiella sp023706045
s__CALARN01 sp937889205
s__JACLZJ01 sp014253075
s__Colwellia sp002836255
s__JALQXX01 sp023262965
s__Flexifilum sp019359125
s__Photobacterium sp025398175
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp947630635
s__SFFI01 sp023622515
s__UBA1067 sp016296065
s__Oleispira sp016765295
s__Nocardioides insulae
s__CALXOD01 sp949282965
s__HyVt-448 sp011051615
s__Bradyrhizobium sp021088345
s__Pelagibacter sp902581445
s__Flavobacterium sp947451475
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947495985
s__OLB19 sp020632155
s__Novosphingobium sp945906005
s__Cycloclasticus sp913057515
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp002422505
s__Sphingobacterium gobiense
s__Campylobacter_B sp938030815
s__Lentimicrobium sp023417935
s__Streptococcus cristatus_M
s__Lederbergia sp017355205
s__Microcoleus sp020882975
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017511685
s__RGIG1874 sp017415005
s__Phytoplasma tritici
s__Roseivirga sp002427755
s__Yoonia sp020628545
s__Campylobacter_A majalis
s__Pacificimonas sp002375465
s__Desulfovibrio sp017454105
s__JACPFV01 sp022616655
s__CADCVQ01 sp013813955
s__Acetatifactor sp947594835
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902774345
s__JASEGY01 sp030019105
s__Parvibaculum sp030651915
s__JAFGLX01 sp016927795
s__UBA994 sp018335585
s__Onthocola_B sp947589165
s__Kordia periserrulae
s__CAG-269 sp934177795
s__Pseudomonas_E sp025465935
s__JAGQVA01 sp020438265
s__JAREAF01 sp029240475
s__JADFMT01 sp022563755
s__UBA9732 sp918298275
s__Piscinibacter sp019635485
s__GCA-2402195 sp030036605
s__Ketobacter sp002701845
s__JAKISE01 sp026989535
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902525075
s__Stappia sp030733745
s__Puia sp025934485
s__SG8-13 sp024639205
s__Povalibacter uvarum
s__UBA2868 sp024691125
s__Arenicella sp937989675
s__CAG-269 sp947625295
s__JAUVDT01 sp029882395
s__UMGS1045 sp016290195
s__JAITQU01 sp031288735
s__Desulfobulbus sp012744275
s__Acidisarcina polymorpha
s__UBA12079 sp001774495
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947383685
s__Nocardiopsis_D ansamitocini
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp946002345
s__Mariprofundus sp021545665
s__Rubripirellula sp938075415
s__UBA9570 sp003512175
s__JAAZOP01 sp016218815
s__Paenibacillus_AE sp031177825
s__Polaromonas sp013817205
s__UBA1267 sp017438305
s__CACZRG01 sp024681855
s__JAUUZY01 sp030592015
s__Flavobacterium sp001422725
s__Veillonella rodentium
s__JANQHN01 sp028282665
s__Kallipyga sp029003555
s__Pelagibacter sp902524235
s__Hyphococcus sp021776455
s__UBA9145 sp028279115
s__CALXIC01 sp944388265
s__JAFIQW01 sp017355965
s__Humibacter albus
s__CADEED01 sp020442965
s__Brasilonema bromeliae
s__Pelagibacter sp902574695
s__Limimorpha sp002311655
s__RUG13868 sp017625395
s__SKNL01 sp007122185
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004353925
s__Lentihominibacter sp017459895
s__D37C17 sp014381415
s__Undivivens sp011620275
s__Sphingopyxis sp003609835
s__JANQID01 sp028282325
s__JAQUNU01 sp028717445
s__Demequina aestuarii
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp017308515
s__CAJXTH01 sp913060955
s__JAIRYU01 sp031270735
s__Desulfovibrio sp009712225
s__RUG12438 sp946414975
s__Amycolatopsis acidicola
s__CAG-269 sp948505485
s__N075bin62 sp004356265
s__CAJXKR01 sp913055815
s__JAIEPM01 sp021732085
s__Frigoribacterium sp003755185
s__UBA1213 sp902764235
s__JAJQAW01 sp021203585
s__UBA2862 sp902799045
s__Trichormus parmelioides
s__Methylocella sp003244015
s__JAAZMG01 sp012798935
s__Tardiphaga boonkerdii
s__Metalysinibacillus alkalisoli
s__Pedobacter montanisoli
s__HGM12587 sp017622875
s__DUVY01 sp012840805
s__JAEUHZ01 sp026692665
s__JAHFHI01 sp023246995
s__Phragmitibacter flavus
s__Salinisphaera sp003602005
s__UBA4810 sp002402545
s__Phycicoccus sp001428065
s__Alistipes_A sp028691095
s__UBA1924 sp017642965
s__Segetibacter sp028288485
s__Collinsella sp947002045
s__SZUA-272 sp003235325
s__Nakamurella lactea
s__Alkaliphilus_A metalliredigens
s__GCA-002733105 sp029882915
s__SIG483 sp015068035
s__WH-5701 sp002252625
s__Naasia sp025465545
s__JAFGAV01 sp016867615
s__UBA10799 sp003452655
s__RBG-16-55-9 sp001778455
s__Cochleicola gelatinilyticus
s__Bacteroides_D sp938038735
s__Rikenella sp947627885
s__JACPLO01 sp016186495
s__Roseobacter sp947495275
s__RUG131 sp022508525
s__JAAFHL01 sp963169475
s__Bryobacter sp022843625
s__RUG12461 sp017431515
s__JACREP01 sp016218185
s__CALUXS01 sp020025015
s__JAKASW01 sp021796055
s__Acidocella aquatica
s__Acetobacterium sp016650045
s__Vibrio salinus
s__Metabacillus niabensis_B
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029714325
s__UBA1740 sp017464805
s__Vibrio madracius
s__Gallimonas sp944367415
s__UMGS1124 sp944372415
s__Nonlabens sp002831625
s__GCA-002733465 sp905479925
s__Anaerotignum sp945868505
s__UBA5078 sp030645995
s__DUBZ01 sp030748735
s__2-02-FULL-34-12 sp001784555
s__Prevotella sp018065415
s__JANQSS01 sp028279185
s__Nitrosomonas sp021731985
s__Gemmiger sp947631565
s__Brevundimonas sp030656255
s__JAJVIF01 sp022072165
s__Ferruginibacter sp016786725
s__CAJWCA01 sp913020395
s__JAGGAJ01 sp017889845
s__JAKEFM01 sp022616055
s__JAAWPK01 sp947629105
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp016875155
s__Novosphingobium sp001725355
s__Flagellimonas sediminis
s__CAIQIY01 sp018969485
s__Campylobacter_D troglodytis
s__Paenibacillus spiritus
s__UBA1732 sp902780135
s__JAJOKY01 sp021129615
s__Prevotella sp947302435
s__Sphingomicrobium daechungense
s__Opi-474 sp003402695
s__Streptomyces sp004684775
s__Roseovarius sp947259555
s__FB2012 sp017529875
s__Mizugakiibacter sediminis
s__Campylobacter_A sp938041615
s__Clostridium_AD sp016650095
s__Hymenobacter psychrotolerans
s__Acetatifactor sp017621075
s__CAG-488 sp934488615
s__Porisulfidus sp002631715
s__Rhodospira visakhapatnamensis
s__AA29 sp003222295
s__UBA2199 sp027318645
s__SIG693 sp015063805
s__Neoanaerotignum sp944378105
s__CAIVHJ01 sp903905665
s__CAG-533 sp030525085
s__Rubellimicrobium rubrum
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp944391325
s__JAURLT01 sp030831085
s__NZ13-RE01 sp002878375
s__66-474 sp021324945
s__UBA6230 sp023382795
s__Colwellia demingiae
s__Devosia sp001426345
s__RGIG9115 sp017935675
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_K
s__CAG-552 sp947589465
s__Nitrospira_D sp002869845
s__Aeromicrobium choanae_A
s__Trichococcus patagoniensis
s__Acidocella sp026225015
s__PWPN01 sp003557125
s__Lepagella sp014801785
s__Devosia sp017307565
s__Paralcaligenes ureilyticus
s__Rhodoferax sp017997975
s__UBA11704 sp030916895
s__JAKSSA01 sp024403335
s__SABI01 sp016938475
s__UBA7377 sp004214155
s__Enterococcus_A hermanniensis
s__UBA5232 sp002409215
s__B7-G4 sp003647675
s__Mesorhizobium sp001427385
s__Mycobacterium sp945897705
s__Oceanobacillus piezotolerans
s__JAQTYZ01 sp028688055
s__DAOVYS01 sp030635485
s__CALLBL01 sp937999345
s__Puniceibacterium antarcticum
s__DYFC01 sp020725385
s__Novisyntrophococcus sp028692395
s__JACQGZ01 sp016199305
s__JJ008 sp016868585
s__CSSED11-154 sp007136565
s__Streptosporangium violaceochromogenes
s__CALMBW01 sp937863385
s__Pseudonocardia sp019263595
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp016871275
s__Zophobacter sp016938155
s__Pedobacter insulae
s__Hydrotalea sp028877005
s__WQSK01 sp031256235
s__Deinococcus reticulitermitis
s__Nocardioides halotolerans
s__UBA946 sp009777725
s__Solirubrobacter taibaiensis
s__JAJRWM01 sp024276815
s__J058 sp003695705
s__BNZN01 sp031284525
s__RUG806 sp017450185
s__UBA701 sp002298125
s__JAHDHP01 sp020629895
s__Parvimonas sp902470455
s__Caccoplasma sp947593515
s__Rhodocytophaga aerolata
s__JACCYG01 sp013696595
s__Rubrivivax sp030653385
s__Gallionella sp024654105
s__Solimonas_A sp030345715
s__Sphingopyxis flava
s__HUN007 sp023458875
s__JABDJW01 sp013002375
s__QYOJ01 sp937900965
s__F23-D06 sp017615795
s__UBA6024 sp023251455
s__Collinsella sp900546425
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016286385
s__JAUVCU01 sp030590715
s__UBA2268 sp017995735
s__GCA-002733105 sp913058195
s__Bacteroides sp949296415
s__MB1-2 sp030776625
s__Corynebacterium sp030528295
s__Pseudomonas_E migulae_B
s__Taurinivorans sp944324625
s__CAG-873 sp017889945
s__Clostridium_E sp023401495
s__JAIRSR01 sp031255355
s__Terribacillus aidingensis_A
s__DUPH01 sp022704125
s__Kluyvera cryocrescens_A
s__JAFGJL01 sp016929115
s__JAHBXC01 sp019636675
s__Collinsella sp902465015
s__Prevotella sp017524385
s__Undibacterium sp023259175
s__UBA11574 sp003486165
s__Ramlibacter sp012274225
s__JAFGJZ01 sp016928815
s__Nocardioides sp021246465
s__Porphyromonas sp945867245
s__JANTGK01 sp024762935
s__CANRGD01 sp947628635
s__CALFDI01 sp937952875
s__AG-426-I14 sp902533695
s__Paracoccus lutimaris
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp023411405
s__EB88 sp937859835
s__Chryseolinea soli
s__Laedolimicola sp944375745
s__Marmoricola aurantiacus
s__JAAYCX01 sp012729555
s__Pseudoroseomonas sp024437745
s__JAGHCO01 sp021160405
s__CAG-269 sp947628835
s__JAITWF01 sp031285415
s__Aeromicrobium sp025965395
s__WFWG01 sp026989095
s__Cryobacterium soli
s__Neobacillus sp030123405
s__LD21 sp025454755
s__UBA10281 sp934249325
s__Asticcacaulis sp020217185
s__Akkermansia sp017477935
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002329155
s__Butyribacter sp030523265
s__UBA8958 sp026388335
s__Leucobacter chromiisoli
s__JAEZGD01 sp963205385
s__JAGQLE01 sp020429585
s__Roseomonas harenae
s__LD21 sp016936695
s__BJHL01 sp027487735
s__JAITLB01 sp031259965
s__34-128 sp000405345
s__JADLEV01 sp020845935
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_P
s__CAG-269 sp947627265
s__Streptomyces mesophilus
s__Motilibacter rhizosphaerae
s__4572-104 sp937862575
s__Ectobacillus ponti
s__GCA-012562765 sp012562765
s__Paracoccus sp019061185
s__D37C17 sp030748955
s__JAGPUQ01 sp016191205
s__CALXEN01 sp944387325
s__SpSt-313 sp020725765
s__Nodosilinea sp015207265
s__Leifsonia_A flava
s__2-02-FULL-67-57 sp027717655
s__RGIG4140 sp937906925
s__JAADFY01 sp013152625
s__JANWWM01 sp025055975
s__JAFGNB01 sp016930275
s__Tahibacter soli
s__JAUVIB01 sp030592985
s__UBA7441 sp031127905
s__COE1 sp947625775
s__JACAER01 sp937870805
s__OFTM291 sp029262155
s__JADQCB01 sp016278285
s__JAOZLU01 sp029934695
s__Bin94 sp951813395
s__REBA01 sp004294225
s__Sphingomonas sp913775975
s__WRIY01 sp031280495
s__JAEEHZ01 sp029098305
s__UBA6022 sp946886125
s__UBA11398 sp028688835
s__Haploplasma sp012837395
s__Rhodoferax_C sp002256115
s__Nocardioides caeni
s__JAUSGG01 sp030649165
s__Streptomyces sp022815725
s__Limivicinus sp902791215
s__UBA7672 sp030697555
s__JACTMZ01 sp018402585
s__GCA-002694895 sp029936815
s__Kitasatospora sp000717715
s__Amaricoccus sp017995835
s__Sediminibacterium sp903929425
s__Pelagibacter sp902524995
s__Faecenecus sp947591175
s__Cellulomonas sp014837175
s__JAGVLN01 sp945877755
s__Nocardia colli
s__Ga0077539 sp001465015
s__JAAEQF01 sp024231695
s__Ramlibacter aquaedulcis
s__Tepidiforma sp937954195
s__PWVB01 sp021159805
s__UBA4644 sp017552495
s__HGM10766 sp947628495
s__UBA7326 sp938028645
s__Obscuribacter sp016212515
s__UBA6115 sp030057655
s__Neptuniibacter sp030149405
s__Sphingomonas sp913775795
s__Dissulfurispira sp937960465
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029761915
s__CAIKAH01 sp010027825
s__Gemmobacter_B sp958439195
s__Proteiniphilum sp016916535
s__Arthrobacter enclensis_A
s__Paucisalibacillus scapharcae
s__Nitrobium sp020846375
s__SpSt-333 sp008933835
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947487355
s__DTU087 sp012839845
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_Y
s__Rhodoluna sp947452675
s__JANTHH01 sp030148485
s__UBA5951 sp902622515
s__HKCCE3408 sp015689685
s__JADFMW01 sp022563655
s__Microbacterium schleiferi_A
s__UMGS1490 sp017526045
s__Telluria sp018119405
s__UBA6057 sp002428995
s__Oribacterium sp946413525
s__Asaia astilbis
s__Lepagella sp947632485
s__Z2-YC6860 sp001579845
s__Leptotrichia_A sp937925095
s__Wujia sp023664775
s__Coprovivens sp948442255
s__GCA-002708315 sp937901015
s__JAFGJT01 sp016928915
s__JACKIG01 sp028285185
s__PUPG01 sp007695305
s__JAJDXO01 sp028823885
s__JAOADS01 sp026417195
s__Streptomyces sp024756275
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp030656345
s__Brotaphodocola sp934394615
s__Nitrospirillum sp028283825
s__JABGOS01 sp018645265
s__RGIG6816 sp905235755
s__F-183 sp016865505
s__Faeciplasma sp947588775
s__BRH-c54 sp002841035
s__JACCXR01 sp013696915
s__JAJFKB01 sp021773395
s__Pontiella sp029935255
s__Solibacillus faecavium
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946414505
s__SPBW01 sp030671645
s__Pelagibacter sp902622955
s__DAHUYJ01 sp027315225
s__Anaerococcus sp030532385
s__JAAYFS01 sp012728115
s__Tullyiplasma photuris
s__UBA1177 sp017538365
s__RGIG8779 sp017828935
s__WFXV01 sp027053145
s__Flavobacterium sp003403075
s__Eubacterium_B sp905236895
s__Romeriopsis navalis
s__JAAEZH01 sp018222965
s__Rhodococcus ruber_A
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947306585
s__Tetrasphaera_A sp016702415
s__JADKJE01 sp016722515
s__Corallococcus sp003611675
s__Flavisolibacter sp023429985
s__Mariprofundus aestuarium
s__Salsipaludibacter sp024637135
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp945921515
s__UBA1711 sp024400415
s__Zoogloea oleivorans_A
s__Albidovulum sp030837785
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp919902965
s__UBA9971 sp003499955
s__Microbacterium sp029779645
s__UBA3031 sp030834275
s__ZC4RG30 sp031277355
s__Motilimonas eburnea
s__2-12-FULL-43-28 sp001801635
s__BPGJ01 sp026002975
s__RGIG4140 sp947629595
s__Anaeromyxobacter sp020028115
s__CALYBN01 sp944414825
s__RUG12817 sp017442535
s__Bulleidia sp905235315
s__UBA11524 sp022510815
s__Malonomonas sp945788205
s__JAODBJ01 sp025463905
s__Herbaspirillum sp026225475
s__Streptomyces bluensis
s__SXYR01 sp015654495
s__Streptococcus cristatus_A
s__Oceanibacterium hippocampi
s__UBA636 sp017432005
s__JALHOH01 sp022843095
s__Iamia majanohamensis
s__Aphodovivens sp958452575
s__Anaplasma centrale
s__JAKLIF01 sp022709755
s__BACL27 sp026393655
s__Rhodoferax sp020048255
s__Sphingopyxis sp900078365
s__Thiothrix caldifontis
s__Palsa-1233 sp011390645
s__SCTD01 sp025966005
s__UBA4417 sp937965665
s__RUG369 sp030537455
s__Granulicella sp021780415
s__CAKVOD01 sp937914725
s__Leucobacter zeae
s__RGIG7300 sp015065105
s__JAFDVL01 sp018268995
s__JAOACV01 sp026417675
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209055
s__Micromonospora sp018070575
s__WQWV01 sp031263095
s__Giesbergeria sp903882725
s__RBG-13-46-9 sp001804045
s__JAKQIM01 sp029557965
s__Enterosoma sp949284445
s__JAFGXN01 sp016936615
s__Leptospira_A sp025457985
s__UBA12499 sp001788415
s__JAQUAF01 sp028687435
s__Methylotenera sp013816325
s__Planktophila sp009700025
s__SLJN01 sp007131535
s__Oryzomonas sp031292255
s__Damh-18 sp023264435
s__CAIUMM01 sp009692605
s__Polynucleobacter sp903858445
s__PALSA-1316 sp016215155
s__SW10 sp030835305
s__JAUWHU01 sp030605705
s__Bacteroides merdipullorum
s__UBA1267 sp017958935
s__UMGS1124 sp934098455
s__Henriciella aquimarina
s__CANRGD01 sp947626595
s__JALWZX01 sp027002375
s__Nitrospira_A sp030123605
s__JAHDXW01 sp023383015
s__UBA4729 sp028289245
s__JAFKFI01 sp017307285
s__Agromyces mangrovi
s__Flavobacterium sp002428305
s__CALCJH01 sp025998755
s__JAJRUG01 sp024276095
s__Sphingomonas sp000712135
s__CAMVHY01 sp946415665
s__Erythrobacter sp026586795
s__Kordia algicida
s__JAJDYQ01 sp028289815
s__Microbacterium sp002837415
s__Aristaeella sp017615475
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017942025
s__SIG280 sp017550165
s__Phreatobacter cathodiphilus
s__Suilimivivens sp017561085
s__UBA952 sp004295165
s__JAALKW01 sp029212465
s__JAIOSF01 sp021107755
s__Agathobacter sp934358675
s__JABWBV01 sp020634875
s__VHCZ01 sp016190065
s__Aquabacterium sp947366995
s__Amylibacter sp021775375
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404955
s__HGM12619 sp015067385
s__20CM-4-69-16 sp003222135
s__JAJRTS01 sp019456185
s__JALZFU01 sp030861385
s__Thermoflexibacter ruber
s__JAAZBK01 sp963169755
s__Treponema_D sp022510865
s__CALLQB01 sp937934655
s__Microbacterium atlanticum
s__CAJXTB01 sp913061235
s__Sheuella sp903847325
s__JANXPB01 sp025353305
s__Eremococcus sp943914835
s__JAITIY01 sp031279185
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030856525
s__Cognaticolwellia mytili
s__JACRHV01 sp016211945
s__Streptomyces sp001905795
s__CG10-46-32 sp016181765
s__ISDg sp017617545
s__WQVC01 sp009777845
s__Catellatospora sichuanensis
s__Flavobacterium sp021151785
s__DTU012 sp012837335
s__NBML01 sp003353855
s__Prevotella sp946185485
s__Limimorpha sp017395365
s__UBA1179 sp937898885
s__Pseudomonas_E sp017968885
s__AG-414-E02 sp902561465
s__Indiicoccus lenghuensis
s__VMEW01 sp007375735
s__Mucilaginibacter sp002288635
s__UBA9294 sp003545155
s__JAJPHF01 sp021325365
s__SXSU01 sp005793345
s__CAG-452 sp944391865
s__Rhodoluna sp021741705
s__Annandia pinicola
s__Lactiplantibacillus sp937916845
s__JAPLYT01 sp026395435
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009761815
s__Streptococcus sp916439135
s__RUG024 sp017458745
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp902363455
s__Aphodousia sp902477615
s__JAKAWQ01 sp030041375
s__Streptomyces cellostaticus
s__Streptomyces sp003236365
s__Duganella sp013376005
s__Pelagibacter sp902629535
s__Kaistella palustris
s__UBA3789 sp017964405
s__Lysobacter sp001427785
s__JAHBXU01 sp020426325
s__SIG354 sp015056385
s__Seleniivibrio sp002452405
s__Methylobacter_C sp026399015
s__JAAYAR01 sp012719235
s__JAHEJX01 sp024638645
s__Alistipes sp017555105
s__UMGS995 sp947632405
s__Agromyces allii
s__UBA2270 sp020717935
s__SIG636 sp017397955
s__Vitreimonas sp016791385
s__Prevotella sp029226205
s__Erythrobacter sp002952215
s__DAOUPS01 sp030626045
s__GCA-2686465 sp002686465
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005879975
s__UBA9630 sp021779205
s__JAENYD01 sp016842005
s__Gillettellia cooleyia
s__UBA8403 sp025455725
s__Collinsella sp902478365
s__FB2012 sp947629455
s__Clostridium sp018918055
s__Thioglobus_A autotrophicus
s__Henriciella marina_A
s__Micavibrio_A sp030824805
s__Nocardioides sp023396115
s__JAFAZI01 sp019239875
s__DAOVRJ01 sp030628225
s__UMGS1820 sp902777435
s__GWF2-43-63 sp012520175
s__Nocardioides sp030506255
s__JAFDDL01 sp019310865
s__Streptococcus sp027682205
s__Oxalicibacterium sp913776015
s__Propionicimonas sp020161795
s__UBA6944 sp030749275
s__Granulicella_B arctica_A
s__SbD1 sp023416335
s__Fluviicola amylolyticus
s__CAIVND01 sp027459565
s__JAIFWN01 sp019661865
s__Comamonas sp023418355
s__PLanc-01 sp016928975
s__RGIG1993 sp017395715
s__UBA3796 sp017444295
s__Limnohabitans sp018969975
s__Rhodohalobacter sp938003885
s__J020 sp029260345
s__Eubacterium_I sp020860755
s__UBA636 sp017432885
s__JACQWA01 sp016209425
s__WRBG01 sp009781275
s__JAFKKS01 sp017304555
s__MB11C04 sp913048545
s__BM506 sp024637145
s__MGBC119817 sp947624845
s__Hydrocarboniphaga daqingensis
s__JAMPXJ01 sp023701205
s__Ruminococcus_C sp944386525
s__UBA11512 sp017935195
s__CF-13 sp005889225
s__ELB16-189 sp003541895
s__CAG-115 sp934454435
s__NAK82 sp937127125
s__Pelagibacter sp902556905
s__Streptomyces jeddahensis
s__GCA-2401445 sp002401445
s__JAJRRS01 sp024279275
s__WQZF01 sp009780885
s__VGNO01 sp016865985
s__UBA11361 sp005881495
s__Vagococcus luciliae
s__Bact-19 sp002869385
s__Marinobacterium_B jannaschii
s__Stercorousia sp944327215
s__JAHHGS01 sp019359715
s__RGIG2000 sp017621085
s__JAAZOH01 sp012797845
s__Rugamonas sp025354735
s__JAABRT01 sp025453875
s__CALREA01 sp023245695
s__F1-20-MAGs016 sp005791575
s__Heliomicrobium undosum
s__JAUNKE01 sp030532905
s__Bog-1198 sp025357835
s__UBA5456 sp028695495
s__CADCWC01 sp902806305
s__Mesorhizobium kowhaii
s__Faecousia sp017399355
s__Mesorhizobium sp000824845
s__C7867-001 sp027451665
s__GCA-001735895 sp024224415
s__Lentihominibacter sp902797095
s__SYIB01 sp016873115
s__UBA4057 sp002382705
s__JABSOX01 sp013215655
s__Albibacterium bauzanense
s__Sulfuricystis sp030682175
s__UBA4466 sp030830385
s__Paucisalibacillus halophilus
s__Pelomonas sp001425705
s__Collinsella sp958439425
s__JAGQWA01 sp020437725
s__Aquabacterium sp947371645
s__Friedmanniella antarctica
s__QQUD01 sp008501785
s__JAAFHK01 sp013297565
s__JAJFFA01 sp021776885
s__UBA1366 sp002306005
s__CAKXIK01 sp934875675
s__Cryptobacteroides sp949289565
s__Mycobacterium sp001667775
s__Acetatifactor sp017624175
s__Desulfitobacterium_A metallireducens
s__Actinosynnema tamanrassetense
s__JAKIZO01 sp026415495
s__JAHIUV01 sp018817035
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005880345
s__PIWD01 sp003354005
s__UBA2255 sp025453955
s__Collinsella sp902493515
s__MWEI01 sp029552245
s__SXHM01 sp020054035
s__XYB1-FULL-47-11 sp001779455
s__S143-82 sp027034965
s__Ruminococcus sp946629405
s__JAUNVH01 sp030537765
s__VEOV01 sp012026855
s__Streptomyces sp012726235
s__Eubacterium_F sp022510605
s__Eubacterium_F sp947167565
s__CAIJNA01 sp028687375
s__RF16 sp946619625
s__Hyphococcus sp028285645
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881635
s__GCA-2717185 sp021774385
s__Lactobacillus laiwuensis
s__SZUA-430 sp021413465
s__Ferruginibacter sp016713965
s__RGIG4079 sp017390185
s__Obscuribacterium sp003140895
s__JAITWL01 sp031285285
s__UBA6926 sp029941095
s__Thermocatellispora tengchongensis
s__JACQVL01 sp016209865
s__Pelagisphaera sp028822375
s__CSBr16-161 sp007117355
s__Collinsella sp902492825
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902536775
s__Enterousia sp017650505
s__UBA5799 sp001797415
s__UBA1740 sp017453245
s__SMBSF63 sp020060485
s__JADFYG01 sp015233155
s__SZAS-13 sp018240135
s__DSRU01 sp938023035
s__IGN2 sp014860115
s__Fen-1064 sp003153075
s__M55B116 sp018400625
s__Parabacteroides sp947074335
s__Marinomonas ostreistagni
s__Aegiribacteria sp030610085
s__UBA1926 sp002337215
s__Jiangella gansuensis
s__JADFYI01 sp015233145
s__JAURNZ01 sp029243665
s__UBA1259 sp017397305
s__Scleromatobacter sp030151165
s__Vibrio sonorensis
s__Dysosmobacter sp020025415
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401925
s__Bin94 sp022822325
s__2-02-FULL-44-35 sp000999175
s__JAPKEZ01 sp028821845
s__Holophaga sp025361955
s__JACJXW01 sp024103175
s__Streptomyces aureus_A
s__Streptomyces anandii
s__Geodermatophilus sp000701365
s__CAG-115 sp947629945
s__JAACFB01 sp029863305
s__Vibrio sp029223195
s__UBA6492 sp002436485
s__Enterobacter asburiae_E
s__BOG-1370 sp019744895
s__G020356045 sp020356045
s__JAKAUH01 sp027452145
s__UBA1784 sp024405715
s__JACKNH01 sp024234975
s__Pelagibacter sp902522365
s__SGZJ01 sp902515565
s__CAINVO01 sp903854195
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947632315
s__Collinsella sp934655755
s__JAQXGO01 sp029006755
s__VMCP01 sp903879775
s__Anaerocolumna sp030913705
s__Saccharimonas sp002299795
s__Nitrospira_C sp029240595
s__DUVM01 sp937880545
s__Antarctobacter heliothermus
s__NORP165 sp002400895
s__Sagittula stellata
s__Sodaliphilus sp018065665
s__Flaviaesturariibacter sp028288515
s__JAAYCU01 sp012729595
s__Rhodoferax sp014859475
s__RUG13868 sp902767365
s__CALKXS01 sp938003745
s__SURF-3 sp002772195
s__WRKV01 sp009777915
s__Streptococcus sp003428885
s__RGIG1828 sp016293435
s__Gemmatimonas sp031127225
s__Thiohalobacter thiocyanaticus
s__RAAP-2 sp002452255
s__Liquorilactobacillus oeni
s__Microbacterium sp031177765
s__JAFLCL01 sp019694315
s__JAJYUU01 sp030038495
s__Altericroceibacterium endophyticum
s__Prevotella sp934190685
s__UBA12077 sp030600625
s__UBA9264 sp002702965
s__AAA536-G10 sp902619485
s__Onthoplasma sp947630075
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403735
s__Shimia sp947498095
s__WFYJ01 sp015490175
s__Clostridium_Y thermoalcaliphilum
s__Arenimonas sp019459185
s__Mycobacterium xanthum
s__Mycoplasmoides imitans
s__Micromonospora violae
s__Gemella sp030529855
s__SIG672 sp015064385
s__UBA721 sp018658605
s__SIG200 sp947626655
s__UBA4372 sp017444005
s__Azospirillum humicireducens
s__JAGHCO01 sp030607765
s__Edaphobacter sp009766095
s__UBA1265 sp024684115
s__GCA-002050365 sp013696385
s__JAHZIE01 sp019419895
s__Enterousia sp947165555
s__Rhodohalobacter sp002359315
s__Granulicella sp027450185
s__VGEU01 sp016869145
s__Thermopolyspora sp003242605
s__JANTFM01 sp024763475
s__Swingsia samuiensis
s__UBA3789 sp946628005
s__Xenorhabdus yunnanensis
s__JAAYHT01 sp012735285
s__CAIYUN01 sp903919625
s__Maribacter sp020629285
s__Chryseobacterium angstadtii
s__RGIG5579 sp017507325
s__Bombilactobacillus thymidiniphilus
s__Amniculibacterium sp018266965
s__Coprosoma sp944358565
s__Methylomonas sp015711015
s__Sphingomonas sp022664395
s__JAHEBU01 sp016125575
s__OFTM174 sp029260135
s__UBA9214 sp905480065
s__Edaphobacter sp025462755
s__JAKAIQ01 sp027310325
s__GCA-002701365 sp002701365
s__SIG78 sp015061695
s__Udaeobacter sp003219695
s__Xylophilus sp022701845
s__JAFMIT01 sp030831445
s__OFTM348 sp029259935
s__Pedobacter sp000523515
s__RGIG4079 sp017436845
s__S3-3 sp030437565
s__JACJWR01 sp030837395
s__Membranihabitans marinus
s__Prochlorococcus_D sp003217035
s__CAMURW01 sp947097635
s__JAEWGS01 sp023388205
s__Pontimonas sp023263045
s__Sphingomonas sp026540895
s__Enterosoma sp937896065
s__Flavobacterium sp027484725
s__JANQFB01 sp028278085
s__Pedobacter caeni
s__UTBCD1 sp026936105
s__Hydrogenophaga intermedia_A
s__Microbacterium sp001898325
s__RGIG2224 sp017407285
s__Brachybacterium sp030457675
s__JAGQTE01 sp020439175
s__Thiobacillus thioparus
s__Flavonifractor sp949289455
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp009693335
s__Bacteroides_G sp015654535
s__Flavobacterium sp002482975
s__Aphodousia sp958347955
s__Faecousia sp900769845
s__Psychrobacillus glaciei
s__Polaribacter_A huanghezhanensis
s__PFJX01 sp020061585
s__Nocardiopsis sp000515115
s__JABABU01 sp014238065
s__Ruminococcus sp017649325
s__JAHDGT01 sp020631675
s__Solirubrum edaphi
s__CAOJZR01 sp948466105
s__Acrocarpospora phusangensis
s__JACNJL01 sp028343615
s__28-YEA-48 sp903884435
s__Rippkaea sp002110465
s__Algibacter_B sp947495675
s__Paucisalibacillus limi
s__JADJPE01 sp016713425
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp025351405
s__SCN-70-22 sp016712265
s__UBA952 sp024643545
s__Bact-19 sp029558535
s__JACOVR01 sp016177245
s__BJ17 sp014584395
s__JALUZX01 sp027011425
s__Arthrobacter sp009741265
s__Bog-756 sp027315005
s__Cyclobacterium amurskyense
s__Onthocola_B sp934101795
s__UBA5489 sp017537515
s__GCF-002259525 sp023269695
s__ELB16-189 sp018266055
s__Lacrimispora sp023386315
s__Faunimonas sp028281235
s__CAIOSQ01 sp947500965
s__PFL25 sp022865865
s__WQTX01 sp031262005
s__Pseudoruegeria aquimaris
s__MGBC163016 sp948829205
s__WRKP01 sp031278315
s__RFNJ01 sp009927255
s__Paracoccus aerodenitrificans
s__Scatovivens sp947596225
s__Sphingomonas sp014841615
s__CAG-611 sp934097255
s__Lentihominibacter sp902772685
s__Phytoplasma oryzae_A
s__Cerasicoccus maritimus
s__Kiloniella laminariae
s__Filomicrobium sp030665765
s__WYBT01 sp011525785
s__UBA1258 sp024403485
s__Cryobacterium cryoconiti
s__JAFGAL01 sp020343475
s__UBA668 sp947463235
s__Evtepia sp030535235
s__CASEKF01 sp949288455
s__CAMDOZ01 sp020160875
s__Solidesulfovibrio alcoholivorans
s__Spiroplasma_C sp029976705
s__JAENVU01 sp025357995
s__GCA-2746365 sp022340645
s__28-YEA-48 sp945901195
s__GCA-2402195 sp028372485
s__Pseudomonas_E sp904067045
s__TMED14 sp023260615
s__JAJRTR01 sp024278215
s__NVTR01 sp002732955
s__Providencia_B sneebia
s__UMGS1994 sp947628395
s__PUMZ01 sp003551565
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp013816245
s__Kangiella geojedonensis
s__Edaphobacter lichenicola_B
s__Paenibacillus sp030263935
s__SLJM01 sp007135085
s__SKHV01 sp018399395
s__Limivicinus sp017430985
s__WQXA01 sp009785095
s__Pristimantibacillus prosopidis
s__LH-M37 sp029881035
s__UBA7067 sp946500295
s__UBA685 sp937924895
s__Acetatifactor sp017476665
s__Sphingomonas sp004340965
s__UBA12158 sp028700345
s__TMED167 sp002723345
s__CAMLQK01 sp946482575
s__JADJDM01 sp947474485
s__Delta-02 sp022711595
s__Legionella_C sp030157805
s__UBA636 sp030536265
s__Nesterenkonia sphaerica
s__CAJQPC01 sp905480105
s__JAJFUW01 sp021372235
s__Sulfurivermis sp024709225
s__Senegalimassilia sp905215325
s__JAQTZZ01 sp028687545
s__BS150m-G50 sp016784425
s__Litorimonas sp938009235
s__Afipia sp020056155
s__Marivivens sp023255435
s__GCA-2749205 sp017453745
s__Nocardioides luti
s__HGM12713 sp017631855
s__Planctopirus sp013822855
s__CALCKW01 sp937925815
s__JACQZT01 sp016213755
s__Alloacidobacterium sp015655315
s__Rhodoluna sp024639375
s__SCTD01 sp025965615
s__JACPHH01 sp016188705
s__JAOUJD01 sp029883565
s__DTU089 sp012511005
s__Halovulum sediminis
s__JAEUPI01 sp022072045
s__Spongiibacter_C pelagi
s__JAIQFF01 sp955652395
s__Flagellimonas sp014698935
s__Levilactobacillus faecigallinarum
s__Marinobacter changyiensis
s__JAADID01 sp029933225
s__GCA-2747515 sp027031945
s__Rhizorhabdus sp000971055
s__Limenecus sp949296245
s__Rhodopila sp021807975
s__Roseovarius salinarum
s__Marinomonas sp004352855
s__Ruminococcus sp030530245
s__Clostridium_AR manihotivorum
s__FEN-336 sp003155335
s__Phocaeicola sp030523385
s__Coproplasma sp029061465
s__Pseudovibrio stylochi
s__Desulfoscipio geothermicus
s__Acidovorax sp021287135
s__UBA10906 sp903877065
s__CAIWAD01 sp030685015
s__UBA668 sp025451395
s__JAIRKI01 sp031288335
s__JASHZA01 sp030042765
s__Aestuariivita sp021404545
s__Emergencia sp021769965
s__Vibrio gazogenes_A
s__B119-G9 sp026983715
s__AC-49 sp005883905
s__UBA1738 sp024685565
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A mustelae
s__Pseudomonas_E sp021390155
s__Tropicimonas sediminicola
s__Sphingomonas aracearum
s__Limimorpha sp017477425
s__SYLY01 sp016871015
s__Flexilinea sp902791025
s__UBA1740 sp017403155
s__CAKVOD01 sp944372745
s__Aerococcus sp023442905
s__KM106-2 sp030535455
s__RF16 sp934728255
s__Anaerocolumna sp029689925
s__Allobutyricicoccus sp015067705
s__WTFV01 sp958296065
s__Leucothrix sp002747455
s__REEB76 sp028864905
s__SIG200 sp947624505
s__Salinivirga sp027858775
s__JACCYP01 sp013696425
s__WJJJ01 sp014729775
s__CAG-103 sp902760845
s__JAGGTI01 sp021163775
s__Thioalbus sp028694565
s__Enterousia sp949288265
s__JAUZPX01 sp030705695
s__Hymenobacter sp030580955
s__HGM04593 sp017467885
s__Streptomyces alanosinicus
s__Bin106 sp026710525
s__JAKLIX01 sp022709385
s__JAIVHA01 sp026197075
s__Caccovivens sp944349925
s__JAGNTT01 sp017987425
s__Poriferisodalis sp011523825
s__RFTN01 sp943354655
s__Spirosoma spitsbergense
s__JACKIP01 sp937124505
s__Desulfosporosinus sp002196705
s__JACRCG01 sp013349325
s__Pseudomonas_E campi
s__Flavobacterium lacus
s__VBCG01 sp020852555
s__GWF1-51-8 sp001829415
s__Desulfobotulus alkaliphilus
s__Paeniglutamicibacter sp002975435
s__WGA-3G sp022821065
s__UBA1550 sp001823545
s__Allokutzneria sp002155965
s__HIMB59 sp902632575
s__GCA-2706205 sp913058265
s__Palsa-744 sp003151895
s__GWC2-37-13 sp002440905
s__Eubacterium_F sp022791495
s__JAIPFO01 sp021736565
s__SIG636 sp017396825
s__Azonexus sp030691385
s__Mycobacterium lacusdiani
s__Spirosoma profusum
s__Marinobacterium alkalitolerans
s__Luteitalea sp016865485
s__Streptomyces venezuelae_G
s__JAOARN01 sp025210485
s__JAFLBB01 sp016713735
s__Cupriavidus sp026627925
s__Albidovulum sp011620265
s__JADJTG01 sp016711285
s__Palsa-1032 sp013696275
s__M55B157 sp913063435
s__Lentzea alba
s__Pelagibacter sp902588975
s__D2472 sp902596165
s__JACQPI01 sp016207585
s__Brachybacterium sp012799425
s__RUG099 sp017510725
s__VSJD01 sp028718125
s__UBA6166 sp002435795
s__JAKPDK01 sp029552745
s__Palsa-295 sp020073605
s__Sinisalibacter sp900177545
s__Bilifractor cellulosolvens
s__JASEGV01 sp030017895
s__JALTBU01 sp027008345
s__Chordicoccus sp017404585
s__JACKDW01 sp030429545
s__JAAYGB01 sp012727955
s__Flavobacterium sp000745775
s__Odoribacter sp905215395
s__JAIRWN01 sp031267535
s__UBA8639 sp029864405
s__SHVW01 sp009694085
s__C7867-001 sp023267755
s__B3-Chlor sp005223035
s__M2408 sp006226425
s__Paenibacillus sp000949425
s__Streptomyces sp018883605
s__DTU030 sp012842325
s__Rariglobus sp947471115
s__CAIPHQ01 sp025359905
s__JAPULM01 sp027294925
s__JAUVKB01 sp030596405
s__FB2012 sp017480485
s__SHVZ01 sp016792585
s__CAG-269 sp946500615
s__Microsaccharimonas sp946886635
s__JAJDFU01 sp020528935
s__Thermosulfidibacter sp027037155
s__JAHIPI01 sp028718265
s__JAOARL01 sp025210555
s__SIG200 sp947589435
s__JABCZH01 sp013289795
s__SCRD01 sp004298155
s__CAJXBJ01 sp913050195
s__Faecousia sp017381835
s__Faecousia sp017416245
s__Aromatoleum toluvorans
s__UBA1100 sp913042895
s__Sulfurimonas sp028694895
s__Micromonospora citrea
s__Rubrobacter_D sp030857715
s__JAHFRQ01 sp023266215
s__Zoogloea sp015657735
s__CAG-115 sp029062865
s__JAAFHL01 sp019695295
s__BRH-c8a sp016841675
s__RGIG3528 sp017444675
s__JAPLSN01 sp026398615
s__GCA-2746365 sp030673345
s__Roseburia_B sp947057405
s__Io17-Chloro-G2 sp002816875
s__Sphingomicrobium cremea
s__Sediminibacterium sp028288645
s__Variovorax sp001425205
s__Erythrobacter sp001516125
s__JALYMB01 sp030773935
s__HGM13634 sp934177485
s__Mesobacillus sp003457145
s__Yes70-04 sp030017835
s__Arthrobacter_E woluwensis_A
s__UBA737 sp937884625
s__GCA-2401345 sp002401345
s__JAKAGE01 sp027449645
s__JAIRKH01 sp031283905
s__Advenella sp023387815
s__JAHDES01 sp020628755
s__Thermocrispum municipale
s__DSPA01 sp016185365
s__UBA952 sp913051935
s__RUG11867 sp947384645
s__Sphingomonas citri
s__Propionicimonas sp002413345
s__Nocardioides sp017916425
s__Mycoplana azooxidifex
s__Gallimonas sp947597925
s__MVZN01 sp025457965
s__UBA1799 sp002319815
s__Sphingomonas sp030854225
s__UBA10183 sp026387235
s__UBA4722 sp013287765
s__GCA-2747695 sp011391075
s__Psychrobacter pygoscelis
s__JALYSX01 sp025451135
s__SZUA-423 sp003246895
s__UBA10066 sp014239715
s__Brachyspira alvinipulli
s__Pedobacter sp002320935
s__UBA5760 sp028710655
s__Actinotalea ferrariae
s__Bryobacter sp947456995
s__Roseibium sp002237595
s__JAFGXW01 sp030600605
s__Choladousia sp947630595
s__JAAYXX01 sp012515695
s__Chryseobacterium aquifrigidense
s__RGIG7114 sp017477525
s__UBA1784 sp015061745
s__Mycobacterium neglectum
s__JAQBZY01 sp027620395
s__Endozoicomonas sp024606345
s__VMGT01 sp023264615
s__JACOUH01 sp016177925
s__QWHP01 sp020850945
s__RPPD01 sp003818675
s__Avispirillum sp949451655
s__J057 sp003696835
s__Kaistella sp030012525
s__Pontibacter vulgaris
s__Lightella neohaematopini_F
s__CAMLLE01 sp937890005
s__DYIG01 sp020723725
s__JAIQGB01 sp020072655
s__Urechidicola sp028599075
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946530505
s__JAKEEW01 sp022616375
s__JAOUMU01 sp029881335
s__Flavimobilis massiliensis
s__Mucilaginibacter xinganensis
s__Tateyamaria sp947487805
s__RUG626 sp947632155
s__UBA3574 sp021129895
s__JAPLMM01 sp026387035
s__Bartonella sp023500045
s__Scatosoma sp017462825
s__JACOYI01 sp016177385
s__Vescimonas sp017415775
s__GWF2-30-66 sp000989195
s__Nocardioides sp030862825
s__Streptococcus uberis_A
s__UBA2645 sp016882165
s__F1-80-MAGs030 sp005798285
s__RGIG8523 sp017625675
s__Buttiauxella warmboldiae
s__UBA2112 sp030429445
s__JAMCZK01 sp026129255
s__Eubacterium_F sp934316845
s__Gloeomargarita sp022984075
s__Pelobium segetis
s__Aliterella sp000332075
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002698785
s__JALCRY01 sp937915045
s__JAUJOE01 sp030447865
s__Termititenax aidoneus
s__PFDW01 sp002793835
s__Micromonospora sp028993575
s__UBA12079 sp028689435
s__Nitrincola alkalilacustris
s__SKPS01 sp022709695
s__Eubacterium_G sp947306285
s__UBA947 sp031265495
s__Onthoplasma sp015055745
s__Sphingopyxis sp001990265
s__Hominicoprocola sp017458025
s__NIOZ-UU35 sp937893815
s__Sinisalibacter sp024763335
s__Asanoa sp029626225
s__CAG-1000 sp022774645
s__UA16 sp027593035
s__CAZU01 sp017457005
s__Sulfitobacter sp947499945
s__DUES01 sp011192055
s__CAKKQC01 sp919901855
s__Ch128a sp013348845
s__CASECL01 sp949286445
s__Alloprevotella sp022775595
s__Perlucidibaca sp002342025
s__CATQHW01 sp026710565
s__BN30871 sp016937075
s__SZUA-1377 sp027055005
s__Vogesella urethralis
s__GWA2-54-12 sp016182705
s__Alistipes sp020026415
s__JAUNST01 sp030539095
s__DSQQ01 sp012032575
s__Spiroplasma syrphidicola
s__DRQN01 sp011051755
s__UBA6107 sp029265815
s__OLB19 sp019752815
s__J095 sp003695455
s__Flavobacterium sp020217025
s__Neorhizobium sp000282095
s__Nanogingivalis sp030530385
s__JABFRJ01 sp025351355
s__JAAUQQ01 sp938021205
s__WJJQ01 sp014729615
s__Clostridium sp031292145
s__Caballeronia peredens
s__Geodermatophilus tzadiensis
s__GCA-2737725 sp009693785
s__Aquimarina macrocephali
s__Limnohabitans_A sp937891665
s__BS750m-G69 sp030665885
s__WQXQ01 sp009786715
s__Helicobacter_A sp029264775
s__JAISQV01 sp031280705
s__WRNX01 sp009787675
s__Sacchariniichlamydia sp011065235
s__Prevotella sp016290975
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946638615
s__UBA6256 sp012516125
s__CANGUX01 sp947457385
s__JALSID01 sp026981825
s__Nitratifractor sp027063325
s__Onthocola_B sp947628545
s__JAISLQ01 sp031275255
s__Sodaliphilus sp017557285
s__SIG332 sp017453065
s__RGIG3013 sp017436815
s__JACQWV01 sp016209085
s__JAGOQX01 sp018063125
s__Lepagella sp017626045
s__CAIKXV01 sp947458835
s__Caldimonas mangrovi
s__UBA2942 sp949299375
s__Microvirga lenta
s__Serpentinimonas barnesii
s__G020355325 sp020355325
s__Erythrobacter sp947502305
s__QFOI01 sp015655435
s__JAKAML01 sp002928955
s__RUG131 sp934133115
s__Mobilitalea sp023389295
s__PCPOR2b sp958296125
s__Apilactobacillus apisilvae
s__JALHMI01 sp022844125
s__Aquabacterium sp016195855
s__JAIRMY01 sp031267475
s__Bradyrhizobium iriomotense_A
s__JAMWDD01 sp023818885
s__Methylophaga sp009711715
s__Nitrohelix vancouverensis
s__BOG-931 sp030041005
s__Pluralincolimonas sp028706795
s__RUG626 sp944386875
s__RGIG8244 sp017615635
s__Fimenecus sp945971755
s__JAAWPK01 sp947572545
s__Teretinema sp001604405
s__Thermobrachium sp026418935
s__Kouleothrix sp937858455
s__RFXV01 sp937900215
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_O
s__UBA1067 sp017385345
s__Sphingomicrobium sp013816785
s__Pelagibacter sp902534465
s__JAPUIR01 sp027296805
s__UBA1179 sp017647575
s__Gemella cuniculi
s__CAMTOO01 sp947074185
s__Lactococcus hircilactis
s__Halomonas stenophila
s__Inordinaticella sp003586005
s__JAISGY01 sp031262835
s__UBA8087 sp002862305
s__JAUSIF01 sp030648135
s__BACL14 sp000156155
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp001586275
s__DUOA01 sp012839095
s__WARW01 sp018500045
s__Cellulomonas sp030362815
s__CALWRD01 sp947591605
s__Firm-16 sp001604185
s__MGBC108787 sp947574215
s__Fibromonas sp031281345
s__Ferruginibacter sp947451985
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937927165
s__Acerihabitans sp018449575
s__DUSS01 sp014896535
s__WQTU01 sp009786125
s__JAJDTQ01 sp028821115
s__Caccenecus sp944327405
s__UBA2359 sp937907475
s__Collinsella sp949287055
s__DFXE01 sp031288515
s__JALYRK01 sp030855355
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp019752925
s__JAFADY01 sp023424395
s__CAG-877 sp934120715
s__BNUH01 sp031266295
s__Pristimantibacillus endophyticus
s__SIG200 sp934096715
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023397905
s__Microbacterium sp025836995
s__Nostoc_B sp020829595
s__Anaerostipes sp019420275
s__BJ22 sp021298375
s__JAIRNI01 sp031266135
s__Sulfobacillus_C benefaciens_A
s__CSSED10-83 sp003556525
s__Streptomyces sp030063415
s__2-01-FULL-45-33 sp030648495
s__RUG842 sp902796355
s__JAUJEA01 sp030442035
s__JAGLCY01 sp023270185
s__Leuconostoc inhae_A
s__Fimivivens sp934232845
s__Thiobacillus sp001802655
s__F1-60-MAGs027 sp009926705
s__JADGQM01 sp017881795
s__RUG626 sp947627715
s__JADZEB01 sp020850755
s__UBA1740 sp017481225
s__JADJRF01 sp016712355
s__Phenylobacterium sp002441055
s__W0P28-013 sp028694915
s__JABWBV01 sp013359445
s__WQXQ01 sp031281555
s__RGIG8773 sp947628405
s__Lancefieldella sp916715765
s__SCUD01 sp009692245
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009778065
s__MWDC01 sp021158435
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903929655
s__Alistipes sp017384185
s__JACPMD01 sp016186235
s__JAADIO01 sp024277725
s__UBA2093 sp021298435
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp902575715
s__JACPDV01 sp016183835
s__Elarobacter sp028287545
s__Zag111 sp949300485
s__UBA5976 sp945866135
s__JANJTB01 sp029974985
s__JAIRMJ01 sp031258785
s__RPRC01 sp021810985
s__RCIZ01 sp023428515
s__JAEULV01 sp016793065
s__AC-38 sp031177685
s__Parvibaculum sp016124805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp025465945
s__Flavobacterium sp020048955
s__Scatousia sp944325875
s__JACPNS01 sp016219715
s__UMGS1387 sp017620655
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AW
s__Desulfobulbus rhabdoformis
s__Limimorpha sp017537965
s__JADGQF01 sp017882045
s__HKST-UBA178 sp020445415
s__Trichococcus sp028309625
s__Proteiniclasticum aestuarii
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017404145
s__JABBTK01 sp011389885
s__Thiohalocapsa sp028277725
s__JADMJV01 sp022842865
s__Saezia sanguinis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905235535
s__UBA1664 sp913057885
s__M3007 sp017303875
s__G020342025 sp030671095
s__Enteromonas sp024695105
s__Tannerella sp031279875
s__Fimimorpha sp026169045
s__WRKR01 sp009781495
s__FEB-35 sp001798885
s__Paracidovorax sp030159055
s__Ruegeria_B sp025751555
s__RUG13583 sp017557785
s__SIG452 sp017549265
s__Bilifractor sp020844525
s__JAEUKA01 sp016794365
s__Polynucleobacter sp023254115
s__Sulfuritalea sp025353195
s__CALZJC01 sp945787525
s__CAIWTL01 sp903915555
s__Mycobacterium genavense
s__Pleomorphovibrio sp003565295
s__Magnetovibrio sp026196495
s__Micavibrio_C sp946480475
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp003555285
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023073355
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp019242385
s__VGOW01 sp016875735
s__JAJTBU01 sp021286735
s__UBA8309 sp018624035
s__JAQVXM01 sp028709185
s__FEB-7 sp016711875
s__JANXBO01 sp025057575
s__CALALS01 sp937925525
s__Methylobacter_A sp016784875
s__Marinobacterium_D lutimaris
s__UBA9320 sp029253325
s__Arthrobacter sp001428005
s__SMBSF77 sp021106655
s__JAHWKZ01 sp019347645
s__JAUNSR01 sp947074145
s__VRUF01 sp019456225
s__JALWUZ01 sp027079895
s__UBA5078 sp030832825
s__DAIDJM01 sp027451405
s__PWPS01 sp003554445
s__Nitrospira_D sp016873515
s__Mycobacterium sp001667585
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902547825
s__Erythrobacter sp004292705
s__Streptococcus oralis_CC
s__Prevotella sp017449025
s__SMXQ01 sp024638585
s__Faecousia sp017456645
s__Sodaliphilus sp937898675
s__Bacteroides_H sp021201335
s__Rhizobium sp004345245
s__JAISST01 sp031289425
s__RGIG7931 sp017445025
s__Pelethosoma sp944363775
s__GCA-002733105 sp024685995
s__JACAEY01 sp013388605
s__CALKJP01 sp937995645
s__Sporolactobacillus sp004153165
s__Limnohabitans_A sp030158125
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902583585
s__Paeniglutamicibacter quisquiliarum
s__JAAZYX01 sp014239435
s__Alloprevotella sp937901185
s__JAAUTF01 sp012031775
s__Palsa-1315 sp002869895
s__Desulfovibrio sp944324505
s__Vitreimonas sp902826035
s__CAJXPN01 sp913058025
s__Henriciella sp027019605
s__Faeciplasma sp947627235
s__DTKZ01 sp937140905
s__Proteus myxofaciens
s__WTJZ01 sp023301545
s__Stutzerimonas chloritidismutans
s__UBA866 sp947649285
s__Ideonella_A sakaiensis
s__Cryosericum sp026390155
s__JACPHL01 sp016188625
s__CAMRBQ01 sp947040495
s__SKVJ01 sp003562555
s__JAQUPC01 sp028716765
s__UBA3282 sp947564735
s__Micavibrio aeruginosavorus_A
s__Pinibacter sp029961145
s__Jongsikchunia kroppenstedtii
s__14-2 sp902463835
s__Ferruginibacter sp947448685
s__Usitatibacter sp012274175
s__RUG11247 sp023435435
s__Natribacillus halophilus
s__JAHIKV01 sp016928165
s__AAA044-D11 sp947494085
s__Devosia sp934553185
s__Scatovivens sp017536685
s__Trinickia dabaoshanensis
s__Aquicella_A sp021324305
s__Neoroseomonas marina
s__Rhodoferax_C sp009924455
s__Syntrophus sp002067815
s__JADFRC01 sp022574265
s__Faecousia sp017408725
s__Herpetosiphon geysericola
s__Lentihominibacter sp030535715
s__JAENZQ01 sp016841185
s__RGIG1959 sp017398425
s__SpSt-77 sp014360895
s__Prosthecobacter sp030833205
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp019751875
s__Gemmobacter lutimaris
s__Ancylobacter sp020523795
s__GCA-2402105 sp023954715
s__Rhizobium tropici_B
s__Paucibacter_A sp018780415
s__Myxococcus stipitatus
s__Paracoccus sp031178645
s__RGIG8773 sp014799735
s__Carnobacterium_A sp000195575
s__JAEUHS01 sp019636245
s__DTU013 sp023418915
s__UBA6024 sp019459525
s__Psychroserpens sp030430385
s__Ilumatobacter sp002698945
s__SRXY01 sp004804335
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp004562175
s__Ferruginibacter sp014377385
s__Marinimicrobium agarilyticum
s__Pelotalea sp002298925
s__Prevotella sp022775985
s__Hoeflea olei
s__Pelagibacter sp902531455
s__CASDUO01 sp949284065
s__Desulfovibrio sp019424165
s__JARGOG01 sp029212785
s__Caulobacter vibrioides_D
s__Microbacterium sp003635115
s__VGLJ01 sp016866775
s__JAADFP01 sp027021085
s__UBA1407 sp017554445
s__Nocardioides sp021166815
s__G004843345 sp004843345
s__GWA2-46-9 sp001791425
s__Blautia_A sp948436455
s__Paenibacillus_AM radicibacter
s__Microscilla sp947493425
s__CANNCY01 sp947503335
s__Thioglobus_C sp003978185
s__Chordicoccus sp902783935
s__Clostridium_S hydrogenum
s__W0P33-017 sp028727105
s__VENG01 sp016278505
s__Bulleidia sp017512555
s__JAAZNF01 sp012798435
s__AG-337-I02 sp902585605
s__DDPF01 sp003507515
s__Sodaliphilus sp905233915
s__UBA956 sp945890645
s__Limiplasma sp015056315
s__JAUVYC01 sp030603285
s__RF16 sp017451525
s__Butyrivibrio sp024680925
s__Evansella cellulosilytica
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902624085
s__Urbifossiella sp028288765
s__Laedolimicola sp944375725
s__Streptomyces djakartensis
s__JAFGSC01 sp016934875
s__JAOUEE01 sp029858875
s__Streptomyces bambusae_A
s__Cocleimonas sp026988095
s__UBA2868 sp024698885
s__UBA6249 sp028712375
s__Collinsella sp937926755
s__Texcoconibacillus texcoconensis
s__PJMG01 sp003173895
s__JAIRKM01 sp031260125
s__JAIRKS01 sp031257615
s__Wujia sp945836785
s__Geodermatophilus obscurus
s__Sporosarcina sp017347095
s__Chryseobacterium sp001425355
s__Avispirillum sp018370615
s__Modicisalibacter sp020622265
s__JAEZYZ01 sp023418705
s__Bog-105 sp003167495
s__Ilumatobacter sp030065885
s__JAHEEL01 sp030618675
s__T78 sp003532515
s__Limiplasma sp015056145
s__UBA4615 sp026399875
s__Ideonella benzenivorans
s__Thermomonas paludicola
s__RAAP-2 sp025351385
s__UBA5026 sp947627435
s__JdFR-47 sp002011415
s__PGYQ01 sp016209005
s__WRMH01 sp009778485
s__Gaiella occulta
s__CAMCTV01 sp947457325
s__Virgisporangium aurantiacum
s__SCPX01 sp004298615
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_F
s__Pedobacter sp000170795
s__UBA9040 sp905477545
s__Elioraea_A sp022842375
s__Sphingobium sp013375535
s__Jeotgalibacillus soli
s__RGVZ01 sp945898195
s__Gloeothece citriformis
s__CSSed10-48 sp007121175
s__JALNZU01 sp002842755
s__Streptomyces antioxidans
s__Terrimesophilobacter sp019638935
s__Nostoc indistinguendum
s__Methylobacterium sp030700245
s__DAOVVL01 sp030637845
s__UBA3207 sp024408085
s__AAA044-D11 sp947489605
s__Arcanobacterium sp012516575
s__CAG-448 sp945929845
s__Acidimangrovimonas sediminis
s__UBA2868 sp017458765
s__JAHZIX01 sp022601195
s__JACNIV01 sp030668345
s__JACMML01 sp014379105
s__JANXQG01 sp025356915
s__Chryseobacterium aurantiacum
s__Methyloferula stellata
s__Velocimicrobium sp030154385
s__Scatovivens sp017456555
s__UBA9973 sp943350065
s__JAHFAI01 sp023250635
s__Pelagibacter_A sp003281795
s__Faecousia sp934569215
s__DTER01 sp014360945
s__BB31 sp016744475
s__Clostridium_AD lacusfryxellense
s__G030584005 sp030584005
s__Alteriqipengyuania_A halimionae
s__JAGGTU01 sp021129555
s__JAIRNK01 sp031273545
s__GCA-2733415 sp013214625
s__JAFGAV01 sp016933515
s__JAEXNS01 sp023439605
s__JACQWH01 sp016209345
s__Collinsella sp902464645
s__JAIPAP01 sp021740045
s__CACJXQ01 sp902597385
s__Paraglaciecola hydrolytica
s__WRHT01 sp009783115
s__WRNU01 sp009781085
s__MC1 sp002632265
s__JAOTVV01 sp029862935
s__Fibrobacter sp024398835
s__CALFXO01 sp937958025
s__Streptomyces toyocaensis
s__Choladousia sp029225065
s__Oceanobacillus saliphilus
s__Neobacillus sp007678255
s__VGPF01 sp016875535
s__Lucifera butyrica
s__JACQKQ01 sp016204465
s__MED-G09 sp002723035
s__Streptomyces indiaensis
s__UBA7317 sp002715375
s__Marinobacter sp947488835
s__Collinsella sp902489665
s__Caproicibacterium sp026314295
s__JACKFZ01 sp020632215
s__JAEUJQ01 sp016793585
s__Aquiluna sp937920245
s__Prevotella sp945486445
s__Bordetella sp023386765
s__CANJID01 sp947474395
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902771755
s__JAFMDF01 sp937924145
s__Botrimarina colliarenosi
s__Sphingomonas_N quercus
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017444905
s__Pseudothioglobus sp029936515
s__Anaerotignum sp937901125
s__JAAYAH01 sp012719445
s__Desulfobacula sp024227235
s__JAFDJF01 sp019307645
s__Idiomarina sp023155095
s__Saccharofermentans sp946407705
s__JACDHD01 sp013821265
s__UBA1369 sp002305925
s__Neoanaerotignum sp944381455
s__Lactobacillus colini
s__Oryzomonas sp008330225
s__JAGWYX01 sp018969165
s__AC2028 sp947164865
s__UBA12189 sp005788175
s__Helicobacter_D sp947367035
s__Sphingobacterium sp029239355
s__SUG1173 sp029006345
s__JAHIVK01 sp018816385
s__CAG-1782 sp946621465
s__DUPU01 sp012838175
s__JAJFHM01 sp021775625
s__Mobiluncus sp943914685
s__CTSoil-043 sp025351245
s__T3Sed10-213 sp003567095
s__Paracoccus sp029309835
s__Silvanigrella multicolorata
s__CAG-873 sp902461565
s__Thiorhodococcus mannitoliphagus
s__Wolbachia sp025021925
s__J023 sp937948815
s__JAHFEE01 sp023248655
s__Sphingomonas sp024758705
s__SIG200 sp016288795
s__JAIESQ01 sp019745975
s__Flavobacterium sp027484945
s__Granulicella paludicola
s__Desulfonatronum sp002299865
s__Streptococcus sp001578885
s__UB1719 sp002317145
s__S144-34 sp015487895
s__UBA10646 sp003456175
s__Palsa-744 sp027314825
s__Geodermatophilus siccatus
s__CAITIQ01 sp938004815
s__Coprovivens sp947625535
s__Azonexus australiensis_A
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp030540395
s__UBA4246 sp946409855
s__VBAT01 sp030706685
s__JAGRBY01 sp937864185
s__WQVC01 sp031254075
s__TAE3-ERU5 sp019218375
s__JANQQN01 sp028289325
s__CALKRZ01 sp937989765
s__JAQVGI01 sp028696805
s__OMII01 sp947467385
s__JACRLW01 sp016235155
s__Companilactobacillus ginsenosidimutans
s__Phenylobacterium parvum
s__UBA10566 sp017860275
s__UBA12077 sp020049295
s__UBA737 sp902766855
s__Edaphocola sp016786705
s__Amylibacter sp014323795
s__Polynucleobacter corsicus
s__ASP10-02a sp937773555
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp028409275
s__UBA7332 sp022808675
s__Pelagibacter sp902595635
s__QKMZ01 sp003242885
s__JAABRB01 sp020848075
s__JAAFJR01 sp937863225
s__Polaribacter sp023258495
s__WGAB01 sp027069855
s__Trichloromonas sp001825565
s__Johnsonella sp030529445
s__WRKP01 sp031288765
s__UMGS1623 sp902461995
s__RUG11198 sp017432825
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902617605
s__RGIG5612 sp946611595
s__JAKLKO01 sp023150615
s__Aquella sp021298175
s__JALFVM01 sp947039785
s__Choladousia sp030524705
s__JAPLKK01 sp026388115
s__UBA1217 sp905236645
s__JACPAK01 sp016180845
s__Sediminibacterium goheungense
s__JAHEJX01 sp947258635
s__JAJFMG01 sp021772245
s__Sulfurimonas crateris
s__Leucobacter chironomi
s__WHSN01 sp009380045
s__SXRM01 sp009692465
s__JAILCQ01 sp949289995
s__Endomicrobium sp031264895
s__Aurantimicrobium minutum_B
s__Bosea sp025459195
s__Caulobacter sp936942565
s__Streptococcus sp001811505
s__Albidovulum sp020161655
s__CAG-196 sp944323705
s__Steroidobacter_A gossypii
s__Occallatibacter sp021811745
s__Geothrix sp027451045
s__HGM16780 sp949295935
s__Accumulibacter sp016789985
s__Salipaludibacillus aurantiacus
s__Komagataeibacter sp021295395
s__Lamprobacter sp010912705
s__JAILCC01 sp024680555
s__RUG762 sp902803035
s__Pseudomonas_E cavernae
s__Marinobacter sp030457765
s__Arenimonas sp946480565
s__Cellulomonas sp001426705
s__Nocardioides panzhihuensis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp013695565
s__UBA6170 sp002840755
s__Dysgonomonas sp030151105
s__Sphingomonas azotifigens
s__Foetidibacter sp030345135
s__HRBIN32 sp002898935
s__Tabrizicola sp027484915
s__GCA-002715585 sp002715585
s__RGIG5709 sp017515355
s__JAGQSI01 sp020439525
s__CAG-724 sp018064545
s__Agrococcus lahaulensis
s__Oceanibaculum pacificum
s__Estrella lausannensis
s__JAHIVH01 sp018816735
s__JABMPE01 sp943787265
s__GCA-2746605 sp020635285
s__JAHEEM01 sp024640695
s__Hymenobacter pini
s__JAEYRA01 sp023409755
s__Wujia sp902780405
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944384505
s__Persephonella sp027030485
s__CADCUY01 sp902806005
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp021776595
s__JACPPC01 sp025359135
s__Quinella sp946536925
s__RGIG7089 sp934234055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946415345
s__Enterococcus_A pingfangensis
s__Sporotomaculum geothermicum_B
s__JALRLA01 sp023254645
s__UBA3766 sp902783455
s__Robiginitalea sp029537735
s__Crenalkalicoccus roseus
s__Hymenobacter guriensis
s__Coprenecus sp021443665
s__Formosimonas limnophila
s__UBA737 sp017391425
s__Gp22-AA3 sp003223145
s__JADJWR01 sp020355165
s__Aeromicrobium sp025965075
s__Flavonifractor sp944385575
s__Streptomyces violaceorubidus
s__Bacteriovorax sp946480715
s__Anaerobacillus_A sp947387515
s__Amycolatopsis_D palatopharyngis
s__Pullibacteroides sp947179195
s__Acetatifactor sp948896875
s__Flavobacterium sp020635875
s__Erythrobacter sp002855495
s__Mesorhizobium prunaredense
s__Lutimonas sp030626085
s__CALXCR01 sp944385265
s__VGXI01 sp016873475
s__UBA8290 sp018623895
s__UBA1259 sp024405475
s__UBA1234 sp934149405
s__Palsa-504 sp030853115
s__Ventrenecus sp944345045
s__Psychroflexus sp913056525
s__NORP36 sp013215985
s__M2005 sp015485435
s__UBA2466 sp900299195
s__Collinsella sp900552345
s__Marinomonas sp024435075
s__JAEWOZ01 sp023399505
s__UBA1711 sp017616895
s__Actinoallomurus spadix
s__Sphingomonas sp001421785
s__JAHBXU01 sp020426505
s__Paludibacter sp903830915
s__RF16 sp902798385
s__JAKADF01 sp021820805
s__PWVB01 sp016927095
s__Aedoeadaptatus nemausensis
s__Jeotgalibacillus malaysiensis
s__MPNP01 sp026706985
s__S012-15 sp027084065
s__NK4A144 sp947165275
s__UBA12158 sp002304845
s__WRCA01 sp009784275
s__Caproicibacter sp002399225
s__Nevskia sp030694365
s__PNKL01 sp016871855
s__Actinomarina sp902604835
s__JAJFFL01 sp030428405
s__UBA2964 sp002712335
s__Psychrobacter sp002385225
s__Blautia_A sp028767025
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902514615
s__Campylobacter_B sp937980635
s__JAAYHS01 sp012728785
s__Endozoicomonas sp004762125
s__Desulfonatronum sp007127655
s__Rodentibacter sp001999335
s__UBA6448 sp029100545
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AS
s__CAIZLB01 sp014378965
s__UBA10449 sp005879945
s__JACQJO01 sp016205025
s__SBBG01 sp005240065
s__JAIPDU01 sp021737525
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp947476185
s__S010-53 sp015484575
s__Streptomyces hundungensis
s__BNWE01 sp031288435
s__Aridibacter sp013003295
s__JAIRTH01 sp031268545
s__Halopseudomonas salegens
s__Aristaeella sp947166205
s__WVZL01 sp011772495
s__Mariprofundus sp027013105
s__Algoriphagus sanaruensis
s__JAGWAQ01 sp937952245
s__Agrobacterium sp001422245
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017511965
s__UBA953 sp947488485
s__WRMH01 sp009785655
s__JAQGGX01 sp028289075
s__Streptomyces sp000721375
s__JAHEBB01 sp024642575
s__CALNBE01 sp031285745
s__GCA-2746605 sp016708125
s__Arcticimaribacter sp011526275
s__Hylemonella sp030680575
s__Streptomyces sp029813835
s__Brachyspira sp944392715
s__Flavobacterium sufflavum
s__RUG12372 sp017480545
s__HRBIN36 sp002898995
s__JAUYME01 sp030699515
s__Pseudomonas_E ullengensis
s__RUG14109 sp944384875
s__Bin52 sp022822665
s__Eubacterium_Q sp017539165
s__CF-167 sp029865285
s__Stammera capleta_H
s__Sneathiella sp937910835
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021792815
s__Tenacibaculum pacificus
s__Bartonella queenslandensis_B
s__UBA1425 sp017397655
s__CAJJBL01 sp905182395
s__Comamonas sp023422975
s__VFMC01 sp963169665
s__Lientehia sp949740745
s__Streptomyces paludis
s__Marinisoma sp902624275
s__WRMR01 sp031267635
s__ARS98 sp030432015
s__WFTH01 sp015486535
s__UA16 sp938003665
s__UBA3012 sp009694285
s__Vitreimonas sp001464425
s__Flemingibacterium sp934477985
s__JAAUUM01 sp012031565
s__Ventrenecus sp947626445
s__Sulfuricaulis sp030650525
s__Tenacibaculum sp002954385
s__UBA3282 sp947626775
s__CALXEM01 sp944387335
s__Stappia indica_B
s__Apilactobacillus kunkeei_E
s__FMMP01 sp029239755
s__Thalassotalea_A ponticola
s__Campylobacter_A sp021203945
s__Limivicinus sp017458085
s__UBA1174 sp902787065
s__Limnohabitans sp945890735
s__Caulobacter soli
s__Gallimonas sp944340905
s__Thiogranum sp027010005
s__Fundidesulfovibrio magnetotacticus
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902630925
s__Mediterraneibacter sp930986645
s__VMCJ01 sp030833925
s__ATZT02 sp018402365
s__JAQBTR01 sp027624915
s__TMED6 sp002711465
s__JAISBN01 sp031266175
s__Sphingomonas phyllosphaerae_C
s__Schumannella sp006517535
s__Agromyces lapidis
s__PALSA-129 sp003164075
s__UBA3222 sp017479315
s__Pelagibacter sp902541285
s__JACKGR01 sp020631895
s__VGVZ01 sp016873805
s__UBA737 sp015065685
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902616385
s__Treponema_D sp946186185
s__GCA-1730015 sp937928685
s__JAFGPJ01 sp030630905
s__DTUCFX13 sp021462855
s__Acinetobacter sp022700675
s__LZORAL124-64-63 sp024223715
s__Albitalea sp029855045
s__JANDLT01 sp024330265
s__JAIPFY01 sp937125225
s__CAIVAT01 sp903928285
s__Caulobacter sp004342605
s__UBA2252 sp030656095
s__Leeia speluncae
s__Pelagibacter sp902611405
s__Sediminibacterium sp937907555
s__Reyranella sp009772935
s__CAIQQQ01 sp025362815
s__Bradyrhizobium sp013822885
s__WLMZ01 sp025360105
s__JAALLB01 sp017643495
s__Sutterella sp934249275
s__Egerieisoma sp015069165
s__Aliidiomarina sp020831965
s__XBB2008 sp017620155
s__SM23-31 sp001304035
s__CFX2 sp019912965
s__Dysosmobacter sp905234565
s__UBA1425 sp009779495
s__JADHLJ01 sp016780745
s__Lacrimispora sp003833015
s__JAUYCU01 sp030692145
s__Pelagibacter_A sp014653815
s__JAEUSM01 sp016788785
s__T3SED10-7 sp003564055
s__RUG14243 sp905236215
s__Arachnia sp936941515
s__E44-bin32 sp030606845
s__Eubacterium_F sp947631755
s__Vreelandella sp025725645
s__Ottowia sp031253955
s__Collinsella sp934654835
s__JACZVL01 sp022572685
s__UMGS973 sp934256595
s__Fen-330 sp023436715
s__JAEUSB01 sp016788865
s__Nitrosomonas sp019635155
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017512095
s__CAG-269 sp022794615
s__Prevotella sp934183355
s__QKMZ01 sp020853845
s__Lacimicrobium sp002201535
s__M3007 sp020160935
s__Enterocola sp017614195
s__Nocardioides_C sp030859325
s__JAHBK01 sp937871415
s__PGYR01 sp002839765
s__Merdicola sp944388935
s__Gordonia shandongensis
s__Tardibacter chloracetimidivorans
s__JADFZW01 sp015232015
s__JALSQW01 sp027036355
s__Dokdonia sp007827465
s__JANQRN01 sp030431165
s__Collinsella sp958443615
s__JAICXU01 sp025934595
s__UBA4132 sp030693155
s__Onthovivens sp949299395
s__PWKH01 sp007116075
s__Curtobacterium sp003234175
s__HGM10766 sp944358225
s__Acutalibacter sp947652665
s__CAG-269 sp944393345
s__OFTM34 sp029259635
s__JACQUD01 sp016210485
s__UBA1573 sp003452275
s__OFTM12 sp029260715
s__Natranaerofaba carboxydovora
s__SKZA01 sp007127595
s__JAHTBL01 sp937883775
s__GCA-2402025 sp002402025
s__Caloramator fervidus
s__Natranaerobius thermophilus
s__Collinsella sp902479205
s__Sulfitobacter sp025143825
s__Alysiella sp030525755
s__CADEFT01 sp016789785
s__Nitrosospira sp900113575
s__JAITTM01 sp031286975
s__Flexifilum sp014879865
s__Ehrlichia japonica
s__JAATGA01 sp015654855
s__Sporobacter termitidis
s__CALKCM01 sp938086785
s__Aquimarina sp947501475
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902575095
s__C7867-006 sp001189155
s__CANJYE01 sp947479055
s__Bartonella queenslandensis_A
s__Mesorhizobium sp000359125
s__1-14-0-10-46-36 sp016204155
s__UBA9959 sp002840355
s__Luteimonas_D sp028550595
s__Halomonas nitroreducens
s__Ferruginibacter sp024343615
s__Saccharimonas sp016700015
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017515105
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017941355
s__Wujia sp946614685
s__Roseisolibacter agri
s__21-14-0-20-56-8 sp002796165
s__YN15 sp023393235
s__Hominicoprocola sp017620315
s__JACQUX01 sp016210045
s__JABFXX01 sp013368795
s__Hydrogenophaga sp018335615
s__Succinivibrio sp902465145
s__CAIJNA01 sp030635995
s__SLJM01 sp007120915
s__CAG-590 sp017395635
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281635
s__Limivicinus sp017428565
s__T3Sed10-213 sp012729675
s__UBA660 sp002304855
s__LNEJ01 sp016191235
s__Nitrospira_D sp902500755
s__Geoalkalibacter sp030604225
s__JAITWT01 sp031285125
s__Microbulbifer agarilyticus_A
s__Thermoflexus tengchongensis
s__Brotaphodocola sp951800645
s__UBA1140 sp026995985
s__JALYYC01 sp030946755
s__Hyphomonas sp013823385
s__GWA2-37-8 sp000992085
s__Micromonospora deserti
s__01-FULL-49-22b sp022563395
s__Mycobacterium sp029623955
s__Scatovivens sp947632185
s__RUG563 sp015056265
s__Amycolatopsis umgeniensis
s__Microbacterium sp001650405
s__JALORV01 sp025458735
s__Ghiorsea sp002401135
s__JACAEO01 sp937120965
s__JANWJD01 sp025449555
s__VSOB01 sp024684675
s__VXOZ01 sp009839775
s__Nostoc commune_A
s__Filomicrobium sp017792465
s__Thiohalocapsa marina
s__SZUA-547 sp003250135
s__WJKK01 sp014729135
s__OLB17 sp019694345
s__Lysobacter sp018847975
s__Desulfatifera sp937910875
s__JAIXOQ01 sp027486675
s__JAUPTZ01 sp030917815
s__Saccharopolyspora rhizosphaerae
s__Pandoraea vervacti
s__LDC-1 sp030137545
s__Bin87 sp026710825
s__SIG300 sp017456585
s__Psychrobacter sp002453355
s__UBA8154 sp007131175
s__RI-185 sp016125135
s__UMGS1322 sp017964345
s__Blautia_A sp946538475
s__UBA6249 sp028719265
s__Porticoccus sp021773405
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001446935
s__JAUVVP01 sp030604585
s__F1-80-MAGs062 sp016795105
s__Clostridium_AS rectalis
s__UBA2100 sp027082835
s__Ezakiella peruensis
s__DRMV01 sp027026295
s__Pelagibacter sp902517495
s__CACCCN01 sp905182345
s__CADDZE01 sp902812465
s__Rahnella sikkimica
s__Gracilibacter sp024637055
s__Treponema_D sp024698325
s__JANQKW01 sp028280905
s__JAAYHS01 sp023415835
s__AG-337-I02 sp902575815
s__Chryseobacterium cheonjiense
s__Leptofilum sp905479495
s__RUG12395 sp017436885
s__Pelagibacter sp902536005
s__Nocardiopsis_A composta
s__SKSP01 sp007693335
s__DAOUSQ01 sp030627145
s__CAG-1000 sp947628985
s__Vescimonas sp934597125
s__RUG099 sp018064665
s__Sinomonas cyclohexanica
s__UBA2336 sp019694875
s__MGBC133411 sp017452115
s__Geodermatophilus sp019799925
s__Streptococcus oriscaviae
s__UBA2230 sp023435265
s__RGIG4928 sp017470795
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016721005
s__JACPPJ01 sp016191085
s__RGIG8368 sp017450695
s__Neolewinella sp024297185
s__Prevotella copri_J
s__Lawsonibacter sp017416685
s__Actinocatenispora thailandica
s__Desulfobacula sp027858995
s__UBA2868 sp024695145
s__JAUVYQ01 sp030602845
s__JADKAV01 sp937952095
s__JAUWNJ01 sp030631125
s__Paenibacillus_AC psychroresistens
s__GCA-001735895 sp947259485
s__Methylomonas sp023228165
s__Stenotrophomonas terrae
s__JABDDA01 sp013287845
s__Luteimonas_D viscosa
s__AG-337-I02 sp902525035
s__Pelagibacter sp902582105
s__Hydrogenivirga sp026981975
s__JAJDTQ01 sp022824205
s__Methylobacterium tarhaniae
s__Suilimivivens sp014804285
s__CAIWGR01 sp013205435
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp016763315
s__JAKAXS01 sp030655135
s__Caccovivens sp947631485
s__J132 sp003694635
s__Prevotella sp946188345
s__UBA2033 sp013297885
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017631175
s__Polynucleobacter sp023253245
s__Merdousia sp017623955
s__Hominimerdicola sp019423705
s__JAUWOX01 sp030611905
s__Pseudophaeobacter sp900313025
s__Stercorousia sp934717895
s__Psychrobacter piscatorii_A
s__Bifidobacterium sp022640915
s__UMGS1271 sp949879835
s__JASBUM01 sp030147905
s__SLHZ01 sp007135895
s__GWB2-47-37 sp016212685
s__JAHEYM01 sp023251595
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AR
s__CAISCU01 sp027491355
s__Vibrio sp029016285
s__OLB9 sp016714895
s__Roseovarius sp947497295
s__JAHJQK01 sp030018715
s__JAITLA01 sp031266025
s__UBA1774 sp016286665
s__CAG-273 sp947388675
s__JAIOPI01 sp027620105
s__Onthoplasma sp934725795
s__JANWXX01 sp025057345
s__RGIG10190 sp020636675
s__Mucilaginibacter aquariorum
s__JAGOVF01 sp018060885
s__RUG563 sp902773895
s__JASHPR01 sp030038015
s__CACEJU01 sp902559885
s__UBA6249 sp030693145
s__UBA8444 sp016779995
s__Leptospira_A sp027533185
s__Glo-17 sp028718575
s__Actinotalea sp023369855
s__JALUVT01 sp027020325
s__Hoeflea sp947501405
s__JAAGZL01 sp024206335
s__Chitinilyticum piscinae
s__Pelagibacter sp902629585
s__CAG-475 sp014799525
s__Polaromonas sp012927455
s__Marinospirillum sp012727935
s__Phnomibacter sp020848815
s__JAJFHI01 sp021775715
s__Weimeria sp016288825
s__Paenibacillus sp023520895
s__Pseudooceanicola_C lipolyticus
s__RGIG8773 sp947628385
s__UBA2112 sp028289185
s__Pseudonocardia broussonetiae
s__SIG454 sp015068605
s__Streptococcus oralis_BG
s__Brachymonas sp012729605
s__JAPPQG01 sp028816945
s__Aequoribacter sp023253715
s__Indioceanicola profundi
s__Stutzerimonas sp013620795
s__UMGS1071 sp022801595
s__Frisingicoccus sp902489645
s__JANQJV01 sp028281465
s__REEB421 sp018970845
s__G030584185 sp030584185
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947624325
s__Limnohabitans sp030054175
s__TMED62 sp902614225
s__Monoglobus sp947624775
s__Chryseobacterium soli
s__JAIOSR01 sp021107495
s__Mesorhizobium_G sp019635795
s__Onthocola_B sp947589675
s__Clostridium sp015667795
s__JAHIRA01 sp018818905
s__JADGQA01 sp017882185
s__CAG-273 sp930990645
s__UBA1067 sp017631385
s__Aliikangiella coralliicola
s__UBA6055 sp026708115
s__CAIQIC01 sp903871765
s__UBA5004 sp016180955
s__BSYJ01 sp030270605
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003211315
s__Arthrobacter sulfonivorans
s__Pelagibacter sp902571135
s__Arenibacter aquaticus
s__NIOZ-UU13 sp019456195
s__RGIG8482 sp017626365
s__JADDRA01 sp030857525
s__WOUP01 sp009772895
s__Synechococcus_C sp003210775
s__Salipiger pacificus_B
s__66-474 sp004299555
s__SHYQ01 sp009692765
s__Pauljensenia sp015655375
s__HGM12713 sp017461745
s__CALWPI01 sp947629745
s__Mobilitalea sp012519195
s__Brumimicrobium salinarum
s__JABDFA01 sp013286795
s__Vreelandella olivaria_A
s__Polymorphobacter_B sp025362895
s__JACDDA01 sp013817245
s__Mycoplasmopsis sp017084445
s__Butyrivibrio sp000423925
s__Geotalea sp027356255
s__Salegentibacter lacus
s__Pelagibacter sp905616395
s__Mucilaginibacter sp031292485
s__Collinsella sp900761805
s__SYAC01 sp005787685
s__Sphingomonas sp025363195
s__JAJPHI01 sp021325355
s__Kribbella shirazensis
s__Actinomyces sp029851875
s__DP-19 sp005879405
s__Planktophila sp947461995
s__Scybalomonas sp905214925
s__UBA737 sp024404125
s__UMGS1994 sp934149115
s__Pelagibacter sp902550805
s__Ribeiella danica
s__Natronospira proteinivora
s__28-YEA-48 sp947452005
s__Fluviicola sp946478775
s__JALVQM01 sp027025615
s__UBA1784 sp017508555
s__Spiroplasma_A litorale
s__Polynucleobacter sp947452625
s__Prevotella sp905234815
s__JAISBX01 sp031278515
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp005240145
s__Pelagibacter sp902593235
s__UBA11524 sp017516305
s__Tahibacter aquaticus
s__Palsa-744 sp903970125
s__Bosea vaviloviae_B
s__UBA5793 sp020852515
s__Akkermansia sp030531305
s__Enterovirga sp013044135
s__GWA1-54-10 sp019752125
s__DTU010 sp012840725
s__JAEYYR01 sp023428375
s__JANTGR01 sp024278835
s__Fibromonas sp009787645
s__WRMQ01 sp031280825
s__Aurantimonas sp021391535
s__UBA956 sp945860285
s__Nitrogeniibacter sp020445945
s__Dasania marina
s__GCA-2686945 sp011524785
s__JAQUTY01 sp028694155
s__Terrimonas_A sp003243445
s__UBA4334 sp937893145
s__Pelagibacter sp902560225
s__Nostoc sp017114945
s__JASLDQ01 sp030151505
s__Mobilitalea sp012735495
s__Mariprofundus sp003665155
s__Hyphomicrobium_C nitrativorans
s__AC-48 sp005885025
s__PCRC01 sp027490925
s__PXAP01 sp007132365
s__Brevibacillus_E sp017656235
s__Paracraurococcus sp013112485
s__Sediminibacterium sp030832695
s__JAGXFR01 sp024643785
s__Collinsella sp958348565
s__DRGK01 sp011050075
s__JALQUD01 sp023268595
s__Entotheonella palauensis
s__CAMYJZ01 sp947258545
s__JAANAU01 sp015231755
s__BNUT01 sp026002025
s__CAIUKX01 sp903899795
s__Dialister sp934216155
s__MS024-2A sp002705385
s__Lutibacter sp947495725
s__JAIRKV01 sp031274595
s__UBA4923 sp012841015
s__SLFH01 sp007694925
s__PCC-6406 sp000332095
s__Faecousia sp017457285
s__JAUVXY01 sp030603375
s__Cypionkella antarctica_A
s__JALOOX01 sp025453975
s__Arthrobacter sp019977235
s__JAQSWC01 sp029266815
s__TMED108 sp002717765
s__Kribbella antibiotica
s__Flavobacterium buctense_A
s__Pelagibacter_A sp002169935
s__Neobacillus sp900103525
s__Telmatospirillum sp031291415
s__HGM13222 sp959605275
s__Prevotella sp028723525
s__Zoogloea sp016720685
s__MWCR01 sp029004215
s__C7867-001 sp022842945
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216295
s__CAUJDF01 sp963169045
s__UBA11579 sp020059485
s__JAKAEG01 sp021789735
s__Billgrantia saliphila
s__Lutibacter sp028696945
s__Limisphaera sp026417315
s__Phenylobacterium sp030824495
s__JAJRUT01 sp024277655
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003283685
s__JAKPGM01 sp029550865
s__BNWE01 sp031284345
s__Lysobacter enzymogenes_C
s__JACKFO01 sp020632415
s__C7867-001 sp937879955
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902623395
s__RCIZ01 sp016793485
s__Pseudomonas_E sp019956415
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946184925
s__Tabrizicola sp029567145
s__Lentihominibacter sp902766185
s__AUK310 sp021159885
s__Flavobacterium limicola
s__Pedobacter sp913776295
s__UBA3680 sp946630405
s__T1SED10-26 sp003551665
s__Meridianimarinicoccus sp020425125
s__JABZFP01 sp016735415
s__Versatilivorator sp022826755
s__CALBTB01 sp937967995
s__UBA2658 sp002841545
s__Stagnimonas sp030696045
s__Thermomonas sp023388715
s__JAKVAV01 sp022448105
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016290835
s__Rhodohalobacter sp020832285
s__Bin125 sp026705105
s__WHTT01 sp009377605
s__Flavobacterium sp007109225
s__JAGQSI01 sp020439605
s__RGIG6375 sp016290695
s__Bermanella sp030070105
s__UBA5905 sp017398485
s__JAJZAM01 sp021815935
s__UBA1213 sp947589415
s__UBA1259 sp017501885
s__Defluviilinea sp021462845
s__Ga0077527 sp003820645
s__Aneurinibacillus_B terranovensis
s__UBA12077 sp030611105
s__Prevotella sp017428805
s__CACIJG01 sp902530595
s__SKVR01 sp011390785
s__JASEGA01 sp030018315
s__JACQXT01 sp016208665
s__Ch104c sp013374855
s__Saccharophagus sp937920545
s__DSXH01 sp016873835
s__Methylovirgula sp004298435
s__UBA2862 sp902773515
s__JAHLLQ01 sp020444065
s__Hahella sp030719035
s__VGWY01 sp016873575
s__Miniphocaeibacter sp012841535
s__JAGLBJ01 sp018260315
s__GWA2-46-15 sp002772575
s__Zrk29 sp021736305
s__JAADEO01 sp015486445
s__Arachnia sp947493705
s__Bulleidia sp902784015
s__Bacillus_BN tepidiphilus
s__Helicobacter_F equorum_A
s__Agromyces albus
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000497835
s__PALSA-1296 sp003151215
s__Campylobacter_A showae_E
s__CALARR01 sp937889015
s__Pelagibacter sp902570905
s__Curtobacterium sp015351025
s__Alkaliflexus imshenetskii
s__C7867-001 sp022616215
s__01-FULL-38-12b sp943354455
s__JAISJA01 sp031261765
s__Yoonia maritima
s__WFVA01 sp026989355
s__Bilifractor sp017433615
s__Blastococcus sp030773535
s__Algibacillus agarilyticus
s__Agriterribacter sp003175935
s__RUG13409 sp024403215
s__JANXWW01 sp025360815
s__JAIRNJ01 sp031281925
s__Sphingobacterium humi
s__VAYN01 sp018268675
s__Bulleidia sp017432325
s__Kaistella sp021513235
s__JADFYW01 sp015232855
s__Proteiniphilum sp031255275
s__Chroogloeocystis sp002939305
s__UBA10450 sp003219995
s__Ruegeria sp028066395
s__Collinsella sp902475785
s__BM519 sp937912185
s__Chitinophaga hostae
s__Streptococcus mitis_BT
s__Zoogloea sp028689785
s__Fen-1298 sp003819715
s__Mycobacterium chelonae_A
s__CANPXN01 sp947586185
s__Bin94 sp026713345
s__JAQNCO01 sp029237645
s__BM524 sp002869315
s__Chlorobaculum sp900299075
s__Sediminibacterium sp002256435
s__Pandoraea terrae
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021795255
s__Sphingomonas panacis
s__C7867-001 sp028866135
s__VXRD01 sp951812755
s__Oceanispirochaeta sp003249275
s__BJ22 sp019636375
s__JAIRTF01 sp031270825
s__Draconibacterium comscasis
s__Thalassospira australica
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017432365
s__JAHEHB01 sp024644775
s__WLMZ01 sp025463415
s__CG10-46-32 sp016177305
s__Thauera sp002422685
s__CALZGZ01 sp947259875
s__Dokdonia sp938002835
s__ASP10-05a sp913057815
s__UBA10348 sp013204185
s__Sodaliphilus sp017548365
s__Lentzea kentuckyensis
s__Nodosilinea sp003249105
s__JAABSP01 sp011390135
s__JAGOOP01 sp029571225
s__UBA1179 sp017551925
s__RUG13038 sp017542065
s__VMFW01 sp007376265
s__JACQGT01 sp023384455
s__Actinomarina sp902582695
s__Acutalibacter sp947171615
s__UMGS1585 sp944324835
s__Desulfosporosinus sp027353165
s__Variovorax paradoxus_K
s__SP5GCR1 sp014323925
s__JAPSGM01 sp031177555
s__JAISGP01 sp031263035
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017411835
s__Phenylobacterium sp947476555
s__CAG-269 sp944389395
s__2011-GWC2-44-17 sp004145215
s__Roseofilum sp030068445
s__Tyloplasma sp001641205
s__CTSoil-081 sp017889625
s__LZORAL124-64-63 sp024275485
s__Afipia sp019750915
s__JASUSV01 sp030445865
s__Aestuariivirga sp937864985
s__JAADIM01 sp030610155
s__JANQRN01 sp028284545
s__JACPUX01 sp016192065
s__SCSIO-12696 sp030252795
s__JAUHVL01 sp030425045
s__Microbulbifer sp022600975
s__CAJANL01 sp903941105
s__Formosa sp947500765
s__UBA2364 sp016788705
s__Cupriavidus pauculus_B
s__SpSt-205 sp026413325
s__JAFAEM01 sp029360765
s__Flavivirga eckloniae
s__JAPLVH01 sp026397205
s__CAG-196 sp947306495
s__Magnetominusculus sp015233265
s__Demequina sp002090095
s__RGIG1828 sp017503945
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp938084555
s__Streptomonospora alba
s__SCRD01 sp021789565
s__Nonomuraea rhodomycinica
s__CAG-448 sp017452945
s__Rubrivivax sp014859905
s__UBA8914 sp009779135
s__UBA1740 sp017936565
s__Planococcus stackebrandtii
s__JAJFML01 sp021772195
s__Peribacillus muralis_A
s__Enterococcus_A viikkiensis
s__Methylobacterium sp028290105
s__CAKSSR01 sp934489735
s__JAADHM01 sp013151855
s__Erythrobacter sp027487015
s__JALRLI01 sp023254555
s__Ruminococcus_C sp017472145
s__DUNJ01 sp012518955
s__JACPFN01 sp016183005
s__JADJOM01 sp016794805
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AT
s__Collinsella sp934621885
s__Hominimerdicola sp947307175
s__Rhodohalobacter barkolensis
s__Onthousia sp944332025
s__Diplorickettsia massiliensis
s__Ventricola sp022787165
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A seminis
s__Akkermansia sp947626635
s__Alloruminococcus vanvlietii
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp947631835
s__Sphingomicrobium piscis
s__Erysipelothrix sp012520695
s__Nocardioides ungokensis
s__JALYGK01 sp030777105
s__Alistipes sp017380955
s__Desulfobacillus sp031277315
s__Prochlorococcus sp003215795
s__GCA-002700125 sp013911545
s__Deinococcus arcticus
s__Parvimonas sp000223315
s__UBA1762 sp934527255
s__Eubacterium_B sp017445315
s__Micromonospora sp022747945
s__JAHBTC01 sp019638835
s__Fonsibacter sp009693745
s__Thiovibrio sp001799255
s__CAG-269 sp944386195
s__PLanc-01 sp025459125
s__Streptococcus oralis_CD
s__RACS-045 sp947176975
s__JAFMDF01 sp937928615
s__Roseovarius sp002421985
s__UBA1258 sp016283575
s__Streptococcus sp905221185
s__Pseudomonas_E frederiksbergensis_G
s__UBA8828 sp030831965
s__DUPK01 sp029268065
s__Palsa-465 sp023330685
s__Emticicia sp023254245
s__Eubacterium_G sp902774125
s__JAHFLQ01 sp023244815
s__JAQVDI01 sp028698375
s__SM23-62 sp030640625
s__UBA2868 sp024690425
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp947631815
s__JAEDES01 sp016293205
s__PALSA-1006 sp003151655
s__Solincola_B jinzensis
s__PGYU01 sp002839825
s__CR-1 sp900659855
s__Bizionia sp018067115
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281715
s__Petralouisia sp947626795
s__UMGS1601 sp021205185
s__Novosphingobium sp020200285
s__JAUIAB01 sp030425505
s__Anaerovibrio sp947302755
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp900258045
s__JABEUX01 sp013043945
s__JAUWKK01 sp030614245
s__JAEZET01 sp023433065
s__Puia sp013289175
s__UBA2834 sp017430725
s__NK4A136 sp946616835
s__Streptomyces sp900090145
s__JAJFGK01 sp021776195
s__Microsaccharimonas sp027311865
s__Anaerolinea sp029975965
s__Aquisalimonas sp012044895
s__RGIG4790 sp946610655
s__Desulfovibrio sp017415765
s__Sphingomonas mangrovi
s__JAKOVR01 sp029782025
s__Clostridium_AD sp018861755
s__Streptococcus sp003521145
s__Phaeospirillum molischianum
s__Noviherbaspirillum saxi
s__UBA8514 sp003543235
s__Palsa-465 sp937888775
s__Methylobacter_A sp030680395
s__JAHILT01 sp023474975
s__JACPYA01 sp016196295
s__UBA3537 sp913044085
s__Denitrovibrio sp002869145
s__JAEYOM01 sp023412915
s__CAJCIR01 sp903970425
s__Paenibacillus_K terrigena
s__UBA7867 sp934757855
s__Jeotgalicoccus sp003513765
s__CG1-02-43-31 sp905478415
s__JAHEXM01 sp023252115
s__Sphingomonas albertensis
s__JAEYZS01 sp023427925
s__Gulosibacter faecalis
s__JAQTUY01 sp028707105
s__Leuconostoc palmae
s__Allorhizobium sp958439205
s__Nannocystis poenicansa
s__AG-426-M11 sp022447825
s__JAJQCI01 sp021202835
s__WRGT01 sp009787025
s__Sulfurospirillum barnesii
s__Erysipelothrix sp947631935
s__Undibacterium griseum
s__G020343695 sp020343695
s__UMGS1668 sp017436125
s__JADGAQ01 sp015231925
s__JANTFQ01 sp024278755
s__JABAAY01 sp014238525
s__JACPPN01 sp016190995
s__RAAP-2 sp019352075
s__Agriterribacter sp019454915
s__UBA1081 sp017631795
s__JAIQGF01 sp020073185
s__JACCZP01 sp013695885
s__JADFUO01 sp030622635
s__JAKPDD01 sp029552945
s__T78 sp012800995
s__MFUC01 sp001785575
s__Peptoniphilus_A sp946998875
s__Desulfuromonas sp002084705
s__Jannaschia sp023015695
s__Cohaesibacter haloalkalitolerans
s__Aquimarina sp947387485
s__Fontisphaera persica
s__Gracilibacillus boraciitolerans
s__Pseudomonas_E sp009834515
s__Marinobacter arenosus
s__UBA6249 sp023247825
s__Caballeronia humilis
s__Pseudemcibacter sp016763335
s__JACQLN01 sp016204035
s__Aliidongia sp028288725
s__Alsobacter soli
s__CADDZC01 sp902812365
s__Metaruminococcus sp944386475
s__JAGNLM01 sp017999615
s__RGIG3947 sp017452525
s__CACIUL01 sp937893785
s__Ureibacillus sp031178355
s__Endomicrobium sp031271405
s__OMSK01 sp946626905
s__UBA1845 sp030429365
s__Borrelia tachyglossi
s__PALSA-505 sp003168255
s__JAJDIT01 sp030266845
s__Collinsella sp958407995
s__Segetibacter sp030948675
s__RUG14156 sp947361225
s__Mycoplasmopsis columbinasalis
s__JACPRB01 sp016190155
s__DUEZ01 sp011174845
s__Sedimentibacter sp012518555
s__UBA2270 sp002424635
s__DUPK01 sp012520395
s__Streptomyces lucensis
s__UBA3470 sp028817665
s__Kaistella sp019459085
s__RPRI01 sp003818505
s__Abditibacterium utsteinense
s__CANDOC01 sp947387575
s__JADJLQ01 sp937867195
s__PBB1 sp030271615
s__JARGOJ01 sp029210225
s__Streptomyces albolongus
s__UBA9973 sp903869825
s__Variovorax sp004210915
s__UBA636 sp946415785
s__CALVVX01 sp944371525
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027488115
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017473775
s__Methyloligella sp013341275
s__Veillonella sp900766125
s__Pseudomonas_F sp029871205
s__Arthrobacter ulcerisalmonis
s__UBA3857 sp947304365
s__UBA1924 sp020427745
s__JACRCV01 sp022703175
s__Trinickia dinghuensis
s__QIAJ01 sp020073215
s__Prevotella sp946548085
s__JASLAX01 sp030146875
s__RGIG1668 sp017416505
s__JADFOM01 sp022562835
s__RGIG3102 sp017436765
s__GCA-2692065 sp902551855
s__BM507 sp027858235
s__UBA8752 sp011522855
s__UBA7173 sp014800795
s__Pelagibacter sp902602575
s__JAIRTF01 sp031281585
s__JACQWB01 sp016206385
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216775
s__JABMRW01 sp013202445
s__Sediminibacterium sp025356235
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030773115
s__Microbulbifer agarilyticus_D
s__Streptococcus mitis_DC
s__VFBF01 sp027488965
s__CAIPUE01 sp028694425
s__Bacteroides sp947074205
s__Acididesulfobacter sp021794255
s__Catellatospora sp018326265
s__SACC01 sp009928745
s__TWA4 sp022781515
s__UBA5239 sp937888615
s__JAUIBQ01 sp030427445
s__Gordonia neofelifaecis
s__HGW-17 sp938004375
s__Limivicinus sp017458335
s__Palsa-744 sp005884115
s__UBA2199 sp026393795
s__GCA-2786225 sp022402465
s__JAHRAW01 sp020027415
s__Sedimentibacter sp030913635
s__UBA10347 sp937942965
s__Aureimonas_A endophytica
s__Limivicinus sp002493305
s__CANRIM01 sp947630875
s__GRL18 sp026196615
s__UBA11512 sp947625265
s__4572-112 sp020718275
s__SPJV01 sp006844765
s__Flavobacterium ustbae
s__UBA6024 sp029265715
s__MSPOR6 sp028824125
s__Rubrivivax_A sp017302495
s__Devosia_A sp023428425
s__WRAH01 sp009780315
s__JASLBX01 sp030146385
s__Streptomyces sp030386795
s__Rudaea sp025934455
s__Sphingopyxis sp022024275
s__GCA-2747255 sp002747255
s__Prosthecobacter debontii
s__JAQTZP01 sp028687715
s__UBA1711 sp937910265
s__UBA737 sp017513195
s__UBA1258 sp017963665
s__Demequina iriomotensis
s__Lancefieldella sp916050095
s__Tardiphaga sp018279705
s__UBA3282 sp947632515
s__Thalassospira sp030690045
s__JAJRVU01 sp024277145
s__JAAWPK01 sp947624725
s__JAFGIT01 sp016929465
s__GCA-2711415 sp002711415
s__Lysobacter_B silvestris
s__Azonexus sp020621865
s__JABDGM01 sp020849945
s__Fervidobacterium_A sp030550315
s__Hyphomonas sp002841155
s__GCA-002733105 sp002733715
s__Marivariicella framensis
s__VMGA01 sp007376345
s__Rubripirellula sp029245125
s__JAHFOF01 sp023266935
s__Methylobacterium sp009806555
s__Enterorhabdus sp947649215
s__UBA4417 sp025350385
s__Mycobacterium lutetiense
s__Frondihabitans australicus
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281185
s__Erythrobacter sp001556995
s__Ramlibacter tataouinensis_C
s__Aquirufa sp947461155
s__SYIM01 sp903907905
s__Enterococcus_A murrayae
s__Coproplasma sp944368635
s__JACPSJ01 sp016193315
s__OLB19 sp002293845
s__Lachnospira sp945910225
s__RGIG3726 sp017453985
s__JAQYVY01 sp030145195
s__Ornithoclostridium sp949284695
s__CR02bin9 sp029262255
s__G020351185 sp020351185
s__Bog-752 sp003157715
s__DTER01 sp023255835
s__Ruminococcus_E sp905234535
s__Oceanospirillum sanctuarii
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017548985
s__HGM16780 sp030536665
s__JADLFU01 sp963169165
s__GCA-2707915 sp902618945
s__UBA10438 sp945883395
s__Spirochaeta_D lutea
s__Mesorhizobium huakuii
s__JAIRZE01 sp031267375
s__Microbacterium jejuense
s__Aquicella_A siphonis
s__PFJX01 sp020049415
s__RUG14846 sp947305945
s__CAG-269 sp947632475
s__UBA1952 sp023391015
s__Rubrivivax sp026125665
s__WQXQ01 sp009785215
s__SIG430 sp015069095
s__WJKQ01 sp014728975
s__Collinsella sp900546475
s__UBA8639 sp029879555
s__Gemmobacter_C tilapiae
s__Bacteroides sp934716785
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AH
s__UBA4285 sp902784025
s__SHLN01 sp947259275
s__FW602-bin19 sp016212665
s__Ferruginibacter sp014379625
s__JAQTYU01 sp028688145
s__RUG13583 sp937899145
s__Spirillospora rayongensis
s__Coprenecus sp017501525
s__Rothia sp946222285
s__JALYXV01 sp030947025
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp026392355
s__Flaviaesturariibacter sp025963645
s__JAIFKL01 sp022736535
s__Lentihominibacter sp029006195
s__JAGOCV01 sp017307855
s__Mobilitalea sp023419655
s__Streptomyces sp020026305
s__Desulfofustis limnaeus
s__Bact-08 sp030695165
s__SIG701 sp017468385
s__Actinobacillus_C sp020026075
s__Legionella_C sp030680075
s__SG-bin7 sp002083485
s__SIG483 sp017522015
s__JAIOSF01 sp018399655
s__Sulfurimonas sp027063585
s__UBA8950 sp023459215
s__WRJC01 sp009777355
s__Coproplasma sp947625245
s__Bacillus_AI deserti
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp022844545
s__Pararhizobium sp001426565
s__Aquiluna sp027491295
s__VMFR01 sp007376135
s__Ahniella affigens
s__UBA8921 sp003535395
s__JAJYUU01 sp030038295
s__JAKJEG01 sp022705545
s__Sphingomonas sp020707215
s__RGIG2774 sp902774165
s__JACQCL01 sp016201645
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023388335
s__SXOA01 sp005778405
s__QYOJ01 sp016926765
s__DSVQ01 sp021732785
s__Pelagibacter sp902570125
s__RGIG1893 sp017397075
s__SFLA01 sp017381715
s__Microbacterium murale
s__Psychroserpens sp900104785
s__Daejeonella sp017495225
s__Caulobacter sp023445955
s__Pararheinheimera sp000217935
s__JAKPGM01 sp026416115
s__JAHHSE01 sp020025375
s__Streptomyces sp023277745
s__Dactylosporangium sp022095675
s__PXAP01 sp007135095
s__JACRMM01 sp016214985
s__UBA1941 sp018267385
s__JAAYOA01 sp012520525
s__Flavobacterium sp023437485
s__JAPYWX01 sp028276145
s__1-14-0-10-41-12 sp002778735
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp004173415
s__Teredinibacter franksiae
s__JADJVL01 sp016710635
s__Sulfurovum sp002733215
s__UMGS1663 sp947627755
s__JAHEKK01 sp024638395
s__FEN-943 sp003170595
s__Pengzhenrongella sicca
s__Sabulitectum sp023145375
s__ZLKRG04 sp018883425
s__TMED48 sp002591625
s__Hyphomonas sp016124495
s__Microvirga soli
s__TC-15 sp010092855
s__Bact-11 sp018065305
s__Kribbella soli
s__Lysobacter sp016735495
s__Pontibaca methylaminivorans
s__JAAYAM01 sp016929335
s__Pedobacter sp014205835
s__CAG-793 sp947591055
s__Nocardiopsis coralli
s__Sulfuricystis multivorans
s__UBA1181 sp024401435
s__Hormoscilla sp014323675
s__Thalassospira profundimaris_C
s__DT-50 sp013214845
s__JAADHI01 sp029261215
s__UBA7703 sp013824375
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp023392205
s__Halanaerobium sp018399955
s__Anaerotignum sp021768705
s__AG-337-I02 sp902519435
s__JAIQGC01 sp020072785
s__Verrucomicrobium sp000739655
s__Atopobacter phocae
s__JACDQH01 sp018101195
s__Limimorpha sp937896505
s__JAKANT01 sp021823635
s__JACQJD01 sp016198185
s__Microbacterium sp023450335
s__SFEL01 sp937900325
s__UBA2206 sp002328565
s__Paraburkholderia solisilvae
s__Bifidobacterium sp022739095
s__JACPIY01 sp016187835
s__UBA6857 sp902792985
s__UBA3775 sp947628705
s__BJ22 sp024642765
s__Haemophilus_D sp959600045
s__Pararhodobacter sp017811755
s__JABDCS01 sp013288005
s__Zhongshania sp029212375
s__Corallococcus aberystwythensis
s__Avelusimicrobium sp949298795
s__RGIG3181 sp017439615
s__WQXQ01 sp009786495
s__JAUXCK01 sp030618925
s__CAIQOK01 sp025363535
s__UBA1258 sp024695575
s__UBA10649 sp030425745
s__DAHWFZ01 sp027336345
s__DG-74-3 sp001302985
s__Avibacterium sp026226775
s__JAIPAN01 sp026390835
s__Streptomyces sp030817535
s__HGW-17 sp002841905
s__BOG-224 sp020073115
s__Novisyntrophococcus excrementipullorum
s__UBA1711 sp902782185
s__JAGRLG01 sp020441905
s__UBA12077 sp019038645
s__JAHELV01 sp024644015
s__Leadbettera sp031254385
s__Maribacter sp937125035
s__UBA3855 sp017828885
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp030373505
s__Rhizomicrobium sp018241025
s__Microbacterium karelineae
s__UBA3210 sp945873815
s__GCA-1730015 sp937922015
s__Bact-19 sp031284905
s__Anaerotignum neopropionicum
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp900113655
s__JARGNX01 sp029212925
s__Shewanella sp000217915
s__Caccovivens sp948466185
s__JADFOB01 sp022563055
s__Sporosarcina sp948469885
s__JABWCE01 sp020635455
s__Marinicella sp030426705
s__Pelagibacter sp902619595
s__UMGS872 sp905215145
s__Streptococcus suis_L
s__JAGVAV01 sp020060105
s__Eubacterium_I sp021203285
s__Saccharicenans sp003476685
s__Deinococcus irradiatisoli
s__Mycoplasmoides testudinis
s__M30B25 sp018402195
s__JANWWI01 sp937944385
s__JARFPS01 sp030598075
s__JAQTRP01 sp028711765
s__SKZP01 sp007127275
s__JASMHE01 sp030432775
s__Streptomyces sp016909575
s__Limivicinus sp017632775
s__Paenibacillus_E sp001429545
s__UBA4615 sp947487165
s__UBA1711 sp017530105
s__JAJQBJ01 sp021203345
s__UBA1568 sp017992575
s__JAFGTP01 sp016934035
s__Micromonospora arborensis
s__Coproplasma sp029062045
s__Pedobacter sp027213715
s__SXRF01 sp963205195
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017549505
s__Marinacidobacterium sp022826825
s__Aulosira carnea
s__JAGRBM01 sp020434085
s__RGIG4930 sp905236585
s__SFDP01 sp017555455
s__UBA10170 sp016195725
s__JAALLB01 sp958296345
s__UBA6022 sp028289095
s__Nakamurella sp017848755
s__CF-16 sp005883615
s__Streptococcus mitis_AC
s__RUG806 sp947165615
s__Bartonella australis
s__Fen-1039 sp003153755
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017512175
s__CATQGZ01 sp958295685
s__Q3-R57-64 sp016699915
s__Azovibrio sp031258715
s__Lysobacter lacus
s__CAJQLB01 sp937916035
s__Thiomonas intermedia_C
s__J005 sp003696795
s__Enteroscipio sp958454405
s__JAFAWL01 sp019241805
s__Hoeflea_A sp029233925
s__Alistipes sp905214725
s__WGA-3G sp000406005
s__SZUA-561 sp003249935
s__GWA2-58-10 sp001780825
s__2-02-FULL-56-16 sp001817495
s__Dactylopiibacterium sp018262235
s__Caldicellulosiruptor changbaiensis
s__Streptococcus mitis_DD
s__AG41 sp003222055
s__Nitrotoga arctica
s__JAFGNB01 sp016929415
s__Patiriisocius sp023301205
s__Mycobacterium sp943331415
s__Psychroflexus aurantiacus
s__Ferrovibrio terrae
s__JAAELP01 sp024226535
s__GCA-002793235 sp029262875
s__Gulosibacter bifidus
s__Rhodoferax_A sp004322085
s__UBA964 sp016874555
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902627335
s__Streptococcus sp027665725
s__2-01-FULL-41-21 sp001794025
s__JACQGE01 sp016199675
s__Ruminiclostridium_D sp002306975
s__JAGXSG01 sp018333995
s__JACVQG01 sp016210545
s__JAALLB01 sp938009335
s__Villigracilis sp013140605
s__Phenylobacterium sp023434015
s__Bacillus_A pseudomycoides_B
s__Nostoc sp005869855
s__JAENVT01 sp025358075
s__JAAXZE01 sp012720075
s__M55B144 sp018399865
s__JALXDT01 sp027031485
s__CALYAR01 sp944393585
s__Marivirga sp016679925
s__JAKAIY01 sp025935235
s__GCA-002733105 sp002733335
s__Sneathiella limimaris
s__Treponema_D parvum
s__Solincola_A quzhuomuensis
s__JAQVFF01 sp028697345
s__DVGY01 sp020724425
s__Geofilum sp002412555
s__Saccharofermentans sp024699245
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002289345
s__Collinsella sp902494085
s__Chryseobacterium foetidum
s__Sorangium cellulosum_E
s__DYJV01 sp020722945
s__CAJVWH01 sp913009575
s__Butyribacter sp947565985
s__Pb10988 sp009664345
s__QNZT01 sp027080605
s__Metalachnospira sp019423725
s__Prochlorococcus sp003278425
s__CANJEJ01 sp947473325
s__CAJCJE01 sp903970565
s__GCA-2733885 sp014859655
s__Micromonospora_G pisi
s__J119 sp003694545
s__Flavobacterium sp024171535
s__Mogibacterium sp938041965
s__B129-G9 sp003644325
s__Patiriisocius sp938041335
s__JASJCP01 sp030065715
s__Kibdelosporangium philippinense
s__Coprovivens sp947383065
s__Alloprevotella sp030523615
s__CAILVY01 sp029565395
s__JADIIM01 sp015351705
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp020852195
s__SIO3F2 sp010672165
s__Halioglobus unicus
s__Polaromonas sp027486755
s__HTCC2207 sp029248755
s__Leadbettera sp009777335
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_F
s__UBA9145 sp913031035
s__JAEUSI01 sp018266895
s__Streptomyces sp024721315
s__CANFPP01 sp947449005
s__PALSA-1003 sp003153475
s__Flagellimonas sp020782875
s__Cellulomonas sp026184235
s__Tardiphaga sp028290495
s__XYD1-FULL-44-32 sp030916795
s__UBA10146 sp016212585
s__Microbulbifer donghaiensis
s__JAITXK01 sp031270925
s__JAIMAU01 sp029907255
s__Lachnoclostridium sp023439125
s__Solirubrum sp025979705
s__JAAEMP01 sp024225445
s__Microcoleus vaginatus_B
s__Thermochromatium humboldtianum
s__RGIG8482 sp947630065
s__Roseburia sp945787015
s__Arenimonas daejeonensis
s__UBA1140 sp902727935
s__JACQQV01 sp016206785
s__Mariniblastus sp937967505
s__1-14-0-10-48-11 sp002793855
s__Lentimicrobium saccharophilum
s__UBA1268 sp003509235
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp019638805
s__Dietzia sp026011735
s__IGN3 sp016709765
s__Perlabentimonas sp937915475
s__UBA4427 sp002719955
s__UBA9145 sp002719575
s__Lactovum sp031253335
s__Herbaspirillum sp028292625
s__JAITNP01 sp031290455
s__UBA4372 sp946408305
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938018015
s__Onthomonas sp934597165
s__JAFGIS01 sp016929495
s__JAKORG01 sp026416315
s__MED727 sp902620525
s__JADFUS01 sp015222165
s__SBAZ01 sp005239935
s__Azospirillum sp946480385
s__GWC2-56-14 sp001803705
s__JAUIKI01 sp030430875
s__Ferruginibacter sp016710745
s__Hyalangium minutum
s__JACRHW01 sp016217555
s__Truepera sp902806425
s__Austwickia chelonae_A
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_O
s__JAKIU001 sp027069645
s__Fibrobacter sp017626945
s__UBA2206 sp002772115
s__GWE2-42-24 sp003250395
s__PNKF01 sp024710705
s__Aquiluna sp023260495
s__Streptomyces sp009870065
s__Collinsella sp958443265
s__Mesomycoplasma_A neurolyticum
s__Weimeria sp029226225
s__Hymenobacter sp022921055
s__JAAYFZ01 sp012727965
s__Collinsella sp934654775
s__Halothece sp000317635
s__Sphingomicrobium sp020200315
s__Sphingomonas jinjuensis
s__Halioglobus sp024642245
s__UBA987 sp020635395
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902557775
s__JADHOX01 sp016778805
s__Sulfuritalea sp016716965
s__Aldehydirespirator sp009840695
s__JACRCG01 sp001802645
s__RBG-16-40-8 sp001769925
s__Aliiroseovarius pelagivivens
s__JAUWXH01 sp030616465
s__SIG200 sp947629365
s__SZUA-6 sp003233545
s__LD21 sp017882305
s__CAJORE01 sp905236785
s__JADJXV01 sp018266765
s__Aquabacter sp030147645
s__Rhodohalobacter sp001564065
s__DAOWDS01 sp030638895
s__UBA11663 sp002683345
s__JAHBXU01 sp029259815
s__Palsa-343 sp030041515
s__JAIRKW01 sp031255525
s__RYN-111 sp025464795
s__DAIDHN01 sp027459665
s__UBA2882 sp024690725
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900590755
s__JAMCQZ01 sp029548485
s__Nocardioides sp017310035
s__Lentihominibacter sp902787725
s__JAFGPI01 sp016926065
s__JAJRXC01 sp021604885
s__Faecousia sp934630985
s__Fibrobacter sp947306305
s__UBA828 sp002296185
s__Spongiibacter thalassae
s__CABHOJ01 sp902168195
s__Arctic95D-9 sp028047635
s__Mangrovactinospora gilvigrisea
s__Spirosoma sp022702045
s__JAOPZQ01 sp025964075
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp027498035
s__CACZRW01 sp902783675
s__UBA636 sp017404785
s__Bermanella sp013373125
s__Pelagibacter sp902595815
s__JAACFE01 sp947258565
s__Kineococcus rhizosphaerae
s__Pseudomonas_E sp007713465
s__B6-G9 sp024276895
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp001427635
s__Methylomarinum sp016097405
s__Actinomarina sp902510995
s__Lenti-01 sp938003985
s__Natronocella sp007134055
s__D2472 sp902608115
s__Aureimonas_A glaciei
s__Aureibaculum sp002747735
s__UBA1740 sp017960705
s__Bacteriovorax sp030654205
s__Scleromatobacter sp019510465
s__JAFGPF01 sp030606585
s__UBA9294 sp030606565
s__Anaerosphaera stercorisuis
s__UBA1740 sp017501245
s__Collinsella sp902478825
s__Oceanipulchritudo coccoides
s__JAIBBR01 sp019694575
s__CAG-269 sp947624365
s__JAKANW01 sp021823555
s__Paremcibacter sp021741205
s__Aquisediminimonas paucimobilis_A
s__Acidithiobacillus_A sp023256195
s__Rs1 sp000416275
s__Scybalousia sp947581715
s__Pelagibacter sp902574705
s__Polynucleobacter sp947448415
s__Dactylosporangium roseum
s__JAFGPR01 sp016936095
s__GCA-2717625 sp002718585
s__JAAZBV01 sp016931115
s__UTCHB3 sp017302895
s__RGIG2439 sp017433975
s__CAJOJO01 sp934119965
s__Quinella sp024698045
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021793595
s__Marinobacter sediminum_A
s__Polynucleobacter arcticus
s__Pseudoscardovia sp029227215
s__RGZB01 sp010031735
s__Leptovillus sp020634395
s__JACDHG01 sp013698435
s__JACZXQ01 sp022571515
s__Pygmaiobacter massiliensis_A
s__Brevundimonas sp002292165
s__Aurantimonas sp947488615
s__JAEZAA01 sp029268325
s__JAIRZM01 sp031267235
s__Henriciella sp024743315
s__UMGS1613 sp015059155
s__Nocardioides currus
s__Lepagella sp029062725
s__JAJYIQ01 sp021789995
s__AM-0621 sp021732995
s__Bartonella_A sp946480935
s__Desulfobulbus_B propionicus_A
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp021776555
s__Marinobacter sp031157525
s__Sphingobacterium sp002420705
s__Nocardia arthritidis
s__DTU089 sp902796315
s__Phormidesmis sp937911865
s__JAUPVJ01 sp030917145
s__SIG440 sp017456605
s__JAVDCA01 sp030848545
s__Thermoflavifilum sp014961315
s__TMED108 sp913049685
s__UBA10329 sp021739695
s__Ga0077527 sp022841375
s__JAPYWM01 sp028276345
s__Amphritea atlantica_B
s__Prevotella sp017538105
s__Coprousia avicola
s__Rubripirellula sp002862205
s__JAGWBG01 sp021296015
s__Caulobacter sp018895795
s__JAPOQD01 sp026710905
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002163625
s__RGIG9096 sp017936025
s__Pelagibacter sp902626245
s__Scatousia sp944325705
s__PHOS-HE28 sp902825795
s__GCA-2716345 sp002172655
s__LEGE-06147 sp015207585
s__Terribacillus halophilus
s__Nodularia sp007692755
s__JAAZVD01 sp938018055
s__Enterenecus sp947628315
s__WJIY01 sp030630075
s__UBA9715 sp902796815
s__Mesobacillus subterraneus_C
s__Limnohabitans_A sp001269365
s__Mucilaginibacter terrigena
s__Syntrophomonas_A sp012729835
s__Aquihabitans sp025353965
s__TMED6 sp014239355
s__Lentihominibacter sp028702415
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902598315
s__JAILFK01 sp017470985
s__Onthovivens sp949290395
s__Quinella sp937877545
s__CF-16 sp005880805
s__FEN-299 sp017883185
s__HGM12814 sp934501135
s__JAAXVU01 sp013335325
s__JADKBO01 sp022844565
s__Eubacterium_R sp945980015
s__JAJZAM01 sp021838305
s__Thioclava indica
s__Telluria putida
s__SP202 sp002722935
s__Urechidicola croceus_A
s__JAACFB01 sp024640305
s__JAIKWW01 sp024684465
s__Limivicinus sp946408145
s__Cellvibrio sp021151835
s__Avitreponema sp949300145
s__UBA10151 sp030648435
s__Borrelia hispanica
s__Pandoraea eparura
s__Pelagibacter sp905612335
s__Citrobacter_A amalonaticus_C
s__UBA3015 sp947441075
s__Pelagibacter sp902553675
s__Streptantibioticus humicola
s__JACADZ01 sp013389105
s__GWB1-38-13 sp000993685
s__Eubacterium_G sp905235555
s__JACETI01 sp013911415
s__JAAZVM01 sp018623505
s__RGIG665 sp017998495
s__Dysgonomonas alginatilytica
s__CSBr16-58 sp007693635
s__Rhodococcus trifolii
s__UBA1189 sp947367415
s__Flavobacterium defluvii
s__UBA2286 sp002841295
s__Amycolatopsis pithecellobii
s__WRAF01 sp009783515
s__Mesorhizobium sp000824825
s__JAAYCB01 sp023621895
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947501695
s__Psychroserpens sp023556315
s__Sulfurovum sp027029065
s__MED727 sp902634845
s__Paenibacillus glacialis
s__RF16 sp017412245
s__CAG-557 sp934463265
s__Paracoccus alkanivorans
s__Tichowtungia aerotolerans
s__Nanopelagicus sp009702465
s__Mariniblastus sp938091115
s__JACQVU01 sp016209585
s__JAGVDM01 sp020058765
s__JAOBWM01 sp025463365
s__Flavobacterium sp004296145
s__BNUH01 sp025997215
s__Methylacidimicrobium sp017310545
s__UMGS755 sp017507525
s__Gallionella sp030652475
s__Fen-1231 sp020851455
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023436515
s__Citreimonas salinaria
s__SZAS-79 sp025352885
s__RI-372 sp016125085
s__Anoxybacillus_A sp026847645
s__Collinsella sp902471785
s__Falsibacillus albus
s__SLAK01 sp007118095
s__JACPYM01 sp013140935
s__Villigracilis sp017303735
s__Polaribacter cellanae
s__CAMYII01 sp947258385
s__Vagococcus_D allomyrinae
s__Streptomyces sp000470535
s__GCA-002715885 sp902579065
s__Methylobacterium zatmanii
s__Acetanaerobacterium sp023413185
s__2-02-FULL-39-14 sp001779205
s__Mf105b01 sp021775935
s__Lentisphaera profundi
s__JACOMS01 sp013002305
s__Pseudomonas_E mangrovi
s__UBA6215 sp002421665
s__Neoroseomonas sp005222755
s__Bradyrhizobium commune
s__Hydrogenophaga sp003599455
s__SW10 sp937958875
s__XYB1-FULL-32-11 sp903913175
s__JASUTC01 sp030445775
s__JAAYZH01 sp012514965
s__Neptunomonas japonica_A
s__UBA966 sp016873255
s__Bacteriovorax sp018060625
s__CACIJG01 sp902524655
s__Nonlabens sp900101765
s__Lactobacillus sp029433445
s__JAAYAR01 sp017512485
s__Collinsella sp902494815
s__UBA929 sp031254575
s__Hymenobacter persicinus
s__UTPRO1 sp020852955
s__Occallatibacter sp003165935
s__Algoriphagus sp029945945
s__JAJZQO01 sp027420455
s__Sulfuritalea sp030651305
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389105
s__KK5 sp001984095
s__ER46 sp030648295
s__RBG-16-52-11 sp001779095
s__Acinetobacter sp002135375
s__JAAZAV01 sp012514145
s__RGIG2000 sp017451485
s__Limimorpha sp946610645
s__Mucilaginibacter sp001596135
s__Nitrotoga sp030646595
s__Lysobacter_B sp002798255
s__Onthomonas sp003150485
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017465545
s__SZUA-117 sp024640345
s__UBA2813 sp946545285
s__Pseudodesulfuromonas sp016936455
s__JAMWZD01 sp024304995
s__UBA3789 sp946535455
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002320605
s__UBA1213 sp902800065
s__Jeongeupia sp015140455
s__Pseudomonas_E alkylphenolica_B
s__Lawsonibacter sp949293165
s__Granulosicoccus sp937922675
s__UBA9659 sp018607685
s__Hymenobacter metallicola
s__JAIPIY01 sp021734445
s__CAG-177 sp017938985
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210825
s__Aliidiomarina taiwanensis
s__JASHUC01 sp030040235
s__Edaphobacter sp018449715
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_L
s__Roseilinea sp937927775
s__Modicisalibacter sp001577635
s__Desulforapulum autotrophicum
s__RUG806 sp017513525
s__IGN3 sp937858935
s__WRNU01 sp031277415
s__Faecousia sp017456105
s__Flavobacterium sp947488595
s__CAIUDO01 sp903897935
s__40CM-3-62-11 sp023248295
s__Lepagella sp022509125
s__Marinisoma sp019654715
s__Aeriscardovia sp903789525
s__CAIWAH01 sp903910585
s__MONJU sp019356535
s__Helicobacter_E cynogastricus
s__Methylobacter_A sp004322395
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp913055595
s__Hyphomonas sp945913285
s__Kaistella sp000023725
s__Aurantimicrobium sp003325955
s__JAKFYM01 sp021730855
s__Halorhodospira sp913055575
s__JAFAMB01 sp019233825
s__Photorhabdus tasmaniensis
s__JAUSIJ01 sp030647855
s__G019856515 sp028377305
s__Sphingobium vermicomposti
s__Methylobacterium durans
s__Rhodanobacter sp903827735
s__JACQXS01 sp016208615
s__Limosilactobacillus kribbianus
s__Pelagibacter sp902635515
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp945890115
s__UBA4421 sp029248675
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216135
s__Streptomyces albiflavescens
s__Fodinibius sediminis
s__Nitrosomonas sp900107265
s__Alloprevotella sp946055775
s__Pararhodospirillum photometricum
s__Hominilimicola sp021203665
s__Tannerella sp031263835
s__JAGOPY01 sp023229505
s__JALZGD01 sp030861205
s__CAG-475 sp947589395
s__Arachnia sp000619965
s__JAEUHO01 sp016795345
s__Cesiribacter andamanensis
s__Akkermansia sp947629715
s__Sporobacter sp012838125
s__RF16 sp017443075
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000377345
s__JACQJU01 sp016204905
s__Flavobacterium sp025947285
s__JAEZFI01 sp023437745
s__UBA7185 sp017387265
s__Chryseosolibacter indicus
s__Fen-549 sp003170995
s__Gemmiger sp959018215
s__Methylocystis sp022843405
s__Novosphingobium umbonatum
s__UBA8828 sp003485955
s__Streptomyces albofaciens
s__Stenotrophomonas_A sp002429615
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009784765
s__JAPLJS01 sp026388545
s__Pauljensenia sp937926415
s__Oligoflexus sp947454545
s__Soudan-22 sp016278615
s__Tabrizicola sp030373185
s__JAUVXS01 sp030603485
s__UBA1183 sp002309885
s__Salegentibacter sp017795085
s__MED-G13 sp902608795
s__M30B19 sp016795075
s__Bact-19 sp017645925
s__SIG299 sp017938285
s__JACCXE01 sp013697265
s__WACF01 sp026192395
s__Ga0077527 sp019749945
s__GCA-2712005 sp030149295
s__NORP241 sp016764915
s__M55B144 sp021159105
s__AAA536-G10 sp000384615
s__UBA1067 sp017508315
s__JALZBR01 sp030863485
s__Sphingomonas sp002707985
s__JAQYVL01 sp030145525
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947450255
s__WRKW01 sp009783855
s__JAJPKI01 sp030042375
s__Cypionkella sp002256245
s__Onthomorpha sp017559135
s__NBRC-107566 sp018397995
s__Succinivibrio dextrinosolvens_B
s__JACQAJ01 sp016195045
s__Actinoplanes ovalisporus
s__Negativibacillus sp902490335
s__JAGVKQ01 sp020050435
s__JAEUUZ01 sp023428205
s__DYNN01 sp020721045
s__JANQSM01 sp028284025
s__JAJYVT01 sp021800645
s__JAEWAH01 sp023392755
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp019720735
s__UBA9312 sp030603165
s__CADEEN01 sp022841885
s__JALYGH01 sp030777205
s__RGIG7926 sp024695605
s__UBA6024 sp028683385
s__SURF-25 sp028717045
s__CAIXPS01 sp903873965
s__Ventricola sp020025205
s__JAUICE01 sp030428185
s__Fuscovulum sp020564565
s__Corynebacterium sp946222625
s__Rubrivivax_A sp018261815
s__CAG-390 sp017632155
s__Aquamicrobium_A aerolatum
s__GCA-002733105 sp014859375
s__Elarobacter sp028287565
s__Acidocella sp029077825
s__JAUMWO01 sp030529605
s__JAQVSH01 sp028700615
s__Salisaeta longa
s__UBA952 sp903879765
s__Marihabitans asiaticum
s__JACPFT01 sp016182845
s__Belliella calami
s__Leucothrix sp937923375
s__Okeania sp010672455
s__Dethiosulfatibacter aminovorans
s__HGM05398 sp030523485
s__UBA9845 sp017539765
s__Faecisoma sp016288305
s__Enteromonas sp002068375
s__CAJXCD01 sp913051545
s__UMGS1696 sp017547755
s__Quinella sp017475745
s__Microcoleus sp015207285
s__Lutibacter sp022429565
s__Pelagibacter sp902537895
s__PALSA-968 sp018267475
s__Saccharofermentans sp017515465
s__JACPQU01 sp016190305
s__Mobilitalea sp029256105
s__01-FULL-39-12b sp001780955
s__GCA-2717385 sp002718415
s__VBAR01 sp005882315
s__AG-337-I02 sp902627245
s__Spyradosoma sp017546455
s__Planctopirus limnophila
s__JAMCZG01 sp023484045
s__1-14-0-20-45-16 sp002787535
s__SIG480 sp017532355
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946187975
s__WQXQ01 sp009784935
s__OLB19 sp001783565
s__RGIG1752 sp017435485
s__JAQICP01 sp027858555
s__Edaphobacter sp014274685
s__Prado023 sp025456065
s__Flavobacterium sp017744675
s__DULU01 sp012840225
s__JAQTUX01 sp028707125
s__Coprenecus sp029010575
s__Hydrogenivirga sp027014185
s__JAJYOP01 sp023228195
s__Ventosimonas gracilis
s__Noviherbaspirillum sp028292565
s__STF2-20 sp028707635
s__RF16 sp017628395
s__Rubritalea profundi
s__Devosia symbiotica
s__JAFGXI01 sp027064025
s__RGIG3102 sp020024475
s__Defluviilinea sp013388685
s__Pararhizobium arenae
s__CAG-267 sp017475705
s__Jeongeupia chitinilytica
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017647245
s__Pseudonocardia spinosispora
s__Intrasporangium_A sp030452765
s__JAISBX01 sp031265965
s__UBA6522 sp002718345
s__JAQUHL01 sp028683635
s__JACPNV01 sp016185305
s__Enterocloster sp944384065
s__2-12-FULL-54-10 sp001767075
s__JANQJY01 sp028281385
s__MED-G82 sp902594515
s__UBA10103 sp009924895
s__Paraburkholderia polaris
s__LL51 sp031284165
s__Desulfofundulus salinum
s__JAFLBD01 sp016788585
s__Iodobacter ciconiae
s__Fimimonas sp022508305
s__JAKAUH01 sp027451455
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401825
s__PALSA-610 sp030839105
s__JAKBAE01 sp021772165
s__Microbacterium sp016870695
s__JAJRVZ01 sp024277055
s__Terrimonas_A sp023430465
s__UBA3254 sp017860765
s__RGIG3155 sp934427095
s__Kocuria sp030453435
s__JACKDQ01 sp020633415
s__Parvibaculum sp019635965
s__B61-G2 sp003647605
s__JAGQLK01 sp020429485
s__Asticcacaulis sp946482045
s__Tannockella kyphosi
s__UBA11663 sp027621555
s__Zag111 sp017472545
s__JAMCRV01 sp023381895
s__UBA9042 sp023954815
s__Actinoplanes sp025630775
s__Fluviicola sp946482515
s__Dyella_B lipolytica
s__Desulfotignum sp011389835
s__SHAN690 sp943788775
s__AE-B3A sp009618505
s__JALYGL01 sp030777125
s__Erythrobacter sp023299945
s__CAMFTQ01 sp945988865
s__Fimenecus sp937897215
s__JAIELF01 sp019753235
s__Pedobacter sp009765875
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp017482485
s__Rhodanobacter sp004298015
s__Cupriavidus sp029278605
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp934643185
s__Telluria sp025359245
s__Synoicihabitans sp019679435
s__CAMJWQ01 sp946409475
s__SIG307 sp015057365
s__Pseudomonas_E arsenicoxydans_A
s__21-14-0-10-35-9 sp002773835
s__Paenochrobactrum gallinarii
s__Cloacibacterium sp937973555
s__Marinobacter sp023016065
s__CAILUG01 sp937898685
s__WSZY01 sp013139875
s__UBA8316 sp018623955
s__Hoeflea phototrophica
s__Salinimicrobium tongyeongense
s__VGFC01 sp016869015
s__UBA9464 sp017309115
s__Dyadobacter psychrophilus
s__Roseibium aggregatum_C
s__JAAYZB01 sp028702245
s__Flavobacterium sp025947145
s__Palsa-744 sp013815355
s__JAADIZ01 sp027013245
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017439305
s__DTU087 sp012727675
s__Geodermatophilus pulveris
s__Amycolatopsis_C sp009377475
s__Sphaerobacter sp029961075
s__UMGS1976 sp017381515
s__Methylotenera_A sp029563075
s__GPS1B09 sp018725345
s__Streptococcus sp000448565
s__JAGNNV01 sp019694155
s__Arthrobacter silvisoli
s__ELB16-189 sp013298505
s__Bacteroides sp030523205
s__Bosea sp001556025
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902557605
s__JAIRNC01 sp031263445
s__CAG-273 sp944393435
s__Treponema_D sp022510905
s__Pelethomonas sp944387785
s__Nitratifractor sp026983875
s__JAAYVI01 sp029267355
s__SAR86A sp902531245
s__UBA1213 sp902772955
s__RBC074 sp018269055
s__MS024-2A sp029268555
s__NK4A144 sp024693135
s__Bacillus_P sp023823795
s__JAOUDE01 sp029859455
s__Tetrasphaera sp025929465
s__OLB17 sp937871585
s__MGBC108787 sp947631035
s__Spirillospora sp013364275
s__Alteromonas alba
s__Fen-1039 sp003158675
s__Streptomyces sp008042115
s__Collinsella sp019419485
s__Aureimonas sp903970965
s__Nanosyncoccus sp916049555
s__UMGS1613 sp944363855
s__Gilliamella sp029433365
s__RUG14891 sp017470045
s__JAIXKT01 sp026932145
s__JAPLZN01 sp026395035
s__Chromohalobacter canadensis_A
s__UBA7359 sp951812995
s__Geomonas limicola
s__UBA11707 sp003518105
s__Pedobacter foliorum
s__Paenibacillus_B popilliae
s__Exiguobacterium algae
s__Dyella telluris
s__SW10 sp023300065
s__MWCR01 sp937949995
s__Collinsella sp958437495
s__Sporosarcina sp001563475
s__JACVQK01 sp015661155
s__JAFBAD01 sp030448105
s__JAIBCC01 sp019694395
s__BOG-1184 sp003164335
s__JAGOJI01 sp017995195
s__QNXT01 sp023146135
s__Bacteroides_E sp030151885
s__UBA5868 sp002432555
s__Desulfobacca sp020725545
s__CADCTQ01 sp030448185
s__Aestuariivirga sp025359215
s__Aeromicrobium terrae
s__Arctic95D-9 sp016795385
s__RUG12438 sp902795725
s__DUES01 sp030667735
s__UMGS1601 sp947625195
s__JAILZS01 sp023512375
s__Aeromicrobium sp004336805
s__Tateyamaria sp947497045
s__CACORA01 sp945883745
s__UBA10103 sp001781465
s__21-14-all-36-13 sp002771585
s__Marimonas arenosa
s__SG-bin9 sp021732625
s__Celeribacter neptunius
s__ISDg sp946415315
s__JAGLSB01 sp021740585
s__RGIG5612 sp017459985
s__Fen-1039 sp003141245
s__JACKID01 sp022071975
s__Polaribacter pectinis
s__JAAYZB01 sp028699855
s__JAEEJA01 sp024691065
s__SHYF01 sp030651175
s__WRHN01 sp009783235
s__JAFDXJ01 sp018268015
s__LD21 sp026391595
s__UBA3633 sp017634065
s__Anaeromicrobium sediminis
s__Fen-1039 sp003171255
s__Phocaeicola sp019414725
s__Methylocystis echinoides
s__Marinobacter pelagius
s__Butyricicoccus sp944376065
s__Luteolibacter sp003820635
s__UBA6055 sp011523735
s__UBA1259 sp946637575
s__Hyphomonas sp017792385
s__SCUS01 sp004297725
s__JAJYVT01 sp027306755
s__Prevotella sp017412145
s__CAG-1024 sp017394605
s__Acidoferrum typicum
s__Tagaea sp016794025
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902578845
s__WJLO01 sp014728425
s__Prevotella sp946184025
s__Neptunicella marina
s__Pseudarcicella hirudinis
s__Dulcicalothrix sp004296455
s__UBA8401 sp025355705
s__Telluria soli
s__Oryzomonas sp019972295
s__JANYHQ01 sp025358985
s__UBA6053 sp018401235
s__Murdochiella sp902488755
s__CAMKFP01 sp946411895
s__Mobilitalea sp023437365
s__JACPNV01 sp023264915
s__JANYHY01 sp025362165
s__PALSA-600 sp003136795
s__RUG11194 sp017448105
s__Mycobacterium sp001428895
s__RSWP21 sp028276105
s__UBA1217 sp017613375
s__JAATGB01 sp015654945
s__Enterosoma sp949299015
s__Aquiluna sp018402615
s__JANQHD01 sp028281485
s__JAHJQK01 sp029857975
s__RGIG3102 sp017547525
s__UBA636 sp902795875
s__CAIMLA01 sp903842085
s__Virgibacillus_H sp021560035
s__Chitinasiproducens palmae
s__Desulfosporosinus sp021779415
s__Bacillus_AI kribbensis
s__Nocardia sp015355715
s__Muriicola sp024639765
s__CAIQBE01 sp020050355
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003278445
s__J113 sp003694425
s__UMGS1045 sp947591565
s__G030583845 sp030583845
s__Brachybacterium sp947500705
s__Eubacterium_F sp947070915
s__CAISIP01 sp025360705
s__Lactococcus nasutitermitis
s__Aristaeella sp902795555
s__Azomonas agilis
s__Nonomuraea jiangxiensis
s__Ferruginibacter sp947454155
s__Nanopelagicus sp016462445
s__CACXMZ01 sp017459805
s__Halopseudomonas xiamenensis
s__Deinococcus sp025351205
s__Gemella sp945869755
s__Martelella radicis
s__Alteromonas profundi
s__C7867-001 sp001189215
s__Chlorobaculum sp013335115
s__Pelagibacter sp902529105
s__Scatosoma sp017504735
s__Calditerricola sp017577925
s__UBA6857 sp016292575
s__C7867-001 sp903825105
s__CALZIC01 sp945787285
s__Geomicrobium_A sp000698125
s__HGM11616 sp934438035
s__UBA2329 sp938015595
s__Aeromonas cavernicola
s__Coprosoma sp944358415
s__Sedimentibacter sp002422545
s__UBA6055 sp011523545
s__JAISJM01 sp031261525
s__CG1-02-41-26 sp026396705
s__Legionella sp004297865
s__WRAV01 sp018434245
s__Leucothrix sp938038645
s__Persephonella sp030949555
s__Kaistella sp020410745
s__SP4260 sp905182415
s__Necropsobacter rosorum
s__RGIG426 sp017387165
s__Collinsella sp959020035
s__M55B126 sp018400335
s__Tateyamaria sp947503705
s__Sphingopyxis panaciterrulae
s__Egerieousia sp946062035
s__UBA737 sp002315685
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp018267965
s__UBA5620 sp002423605
s__Collinsella sp027687465
s__Pedobacter sp031119335
s__Streptomyces sp029760955
s__Planktophila sp945885625
s__Neorhizobium sp002376235
s__Acetobacter conturbans
s__JABMNT01 sp021775095
s__Motilimonas pumila
s__Jatrophihabitans_A sp025966315
s__UBA1179 sp937876995
s__Stenotrophomonas sp029959445
s__Oceanobacillus sp001659985
s__JACQZO01 sp016207805
s__Natronospirillum sp030643825
s__Holophaga sp003165415
s__JAATFY01 sp013289265
s__JAFGWI01 sp016937215
s__Gemmiger sp028710135
s__UBA1213 sp902786345
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_S
s__Sulfurimonas sp016938175
s__Thiobacillus sp018262815
s__JADYYQ01 sp020853585
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016716605
s__JAGQYP01 sp030427935
s__CAIVPW01 sp945889645
s__Ramlibacter rhizophilus
s__Xylanimonas ulmi
s__Micromonospora trifolii
s__Sphingomonas sp021732465
s__Aureisphaera sp019634365
s__CAG-267 sp015062535
s__Gloeocapsa sp937930495
s__B17-G2 sp003645805
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902618555
s__Pleionea sediminis
s__Gullanella endobia
s__UBA10438 sp937870915
s__Cyanobium elabens
s__CAIXLI01 sp031291395
s__JAGYLJ01 sp018401295
s__Flavobacterium johnsoniae_C
s__Devosia sp022429625
s__W260 sp008725655
s__LD21 sp002328625
s__Rickettsia sp020404485
s__JAFGAC01 sp016933835
s__Vulcanococcus sp016882545
s__Thiohalocapsa sp913062725
s__Scatosoma sp017471785
s__JAFAGX01 sp019237515
s__GCA-003244245 sp030863045
s__JAEDES01 sp017409785
s__Litorimonas ampicilliniresistens
s__Gramella gaetbulicola
s__CV81 sp938003575
s__CAKSBH01 sp934438175
s__Janibacter corallicola
s__Senegalimassilia sp934630815
s__CAIXPS01 sp023488685
s__JANWKV01 sp025451195
s__CATQGW01 sp958295515
s__MAG-120802 sp023254845
s__G020348925 sp020348925
s__Stercorousia sp944324305
s__T3SED10-7 sp003566935
s__Sulfitobacter sp017854675
s__JACPMF01 sp016186145
s__Ishikawaella capsulata
s__Lentihominibacter excrementigallinarum
s__Sphingomonas pruni
s__Blautia_A sp022770365
s__SIG575 sp017454815
s__WARW01 sp013387215
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AN
s__Nannocystis sp013812955
s__JALTFF01 sp027007465
s__Hel1-33-131 sp943788095
s__UBA2773 sp018399935
s__RYN-124 sp025465135
s__CAIMWE01 sp937902605
s__Verrucomicrobium sp009885275
s__JACCUZ01 sp013698395
s__Devosia_A nanyangense
s__JAIROC01 sp031264975
s__RGIG4097 sp017500745
s__Variovorax sp028292835
s__PSRJ01 sp019242155
s__UBA5603 sp937928185
s__CACIJG01 sp902619165
s__Mycobacterium sp029780675
s__UBA3402 sp947589125
s__Portibacter sp024642705
s__UBA1547 sp937863415
s__CADCTO01 sp902805585
s__JAJZBZ01 sp027449965
s__Porphyromonas sp030528445
s__Opimibacter sp030426765
s__JAHLLM01 sp030667965
s__JALYMX01 sp030773495
s__JAJPGY01 sp021325555
s__Edaphobacter sp018449545
s__Poriferisodalis sp022826045
s__Zobellia barbeyronii
s__UBA11606 sp029263215
s__Actinoallomurus sp025964625
s__RGIG426 sp024404755
s__DSOI01 sp016871115
s__UBA1845 sp029260015
s__JAHCIE01 sp026129165
s__J084 sp003695555
s__Rubrivivax sp020161065
s__UBA1711 sp016281475
s__JACKHG01 sp020639115
s__UBA1259 sp017445995
s__Granulicella sp903970395
s__GCA-2400775 sp002400905
s__UBA2862 sp017471125
s__J089 sp003695105
s__UBA1254 sp905235385
s__Methylobacter_B favarea
s__UBA12465 sp026396805
s__JAIPGA01 sp021736445
s__Fusobacterium_A sp020024915
s__JACCYX01 sp023415845
s__Desulfamplus sp015231615
s__Aeromicrobium sp003443875
s__VMCP01 sp030830065
s__JACQWU01 sp016209155
s__DAOWOC01 sp030642225
s__DUVY01 sp012512255
s__Faecousia sp017419715
s__CAG-115 sp022508885
s__Prevotella sp017554385
s__UBA11740 sp003222835
s__CAIKAF01 sp018401695
s__SCTL01 sp004297495
s__Rubrivivax sp016790225
s__Falsiroseomonas sp027487675
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp020177575
s__Aquella sp003963245
s__Sphingomonas sp004341085
s__Chitinophaga sp946479755
s__Thalassoroseus pseudoceratinae
s__Faecousia sp020025545
s__Paraburkholderia sp900996245
s__UBA9973 sp028868715
s__Sulfurospirillum sp017860615
s__Amycolatopsis thailandensis
s__SICG01 sp016187725
s__G020346125 sp030673585
s__JAHHHE01 sp030446505
s__Luteimonas_D sp021191695
s__Sedimentibacter sp029239575
s__Scybalousia sp947631295
s__JACMIX01 sp014380935
s__DAHUZL01 sp027306595
s__Roseococcus rosea
s__SCBR16-9 sp007116095
s__Aquiluna sp029865895
s__Sporosarcina sp026169375
s__Spirillospora spongiicola
s__Telluria sp002354135
s__Brachybacterium squillarum
s__Caballeronia insecticola
s__Tenebrionibacter sp022712475
s__PHBD01 sp002841865
s__Aeromonas molluscorum
s__Marinifilum sp026672275
s__JACOND01 sp014323935
s__Rhizobacter sp024700055
s__RGIG3506 sp017450215
s__Streptococcus sp019414905
s__Cognatazoarcus sp020445805
s__Methylacidimicrobium sp028687155
s__Pelethousia sp031261085
s__UBA4292 sp024699325
s__Granulicella sp021798655
s__Desulfobulbus sp030824455
s__Gynuella sunshinyii
s__JAIBBG01 sp027488435
s__Paucibacter_A sp945952065
s__CAG-273 sp944392445
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp026395195
s__UBA10103 sp016217935
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp025451275
s__JALCBB01 sp958267355
s__Arthrobacter sp020532805
s__UBA4334 sp018064885
s__Kmv30 sp014859345
s__66-474 sp021324095
s__Bacillus_AO alkalicellulosilyticus
s__Pasteuria penetrans
s__Telluria sp019443445
s__Hydrogenobacter sp023255875
s__G025836975 sp025836975
s__Caulobacter sp028291125
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp027306985
s__Edaphobacter sp028872955
s__28-YEA-48 sp947453205
s__Saliniramus sp007693435
s__Marinicella sp947502925
s__UBA6382 sp017458585
s__V9D3004 sp022790615
s__CANJFK01 sp947473535
s__Limnohabitans_A radicicola
s__Puia dinghuensis_B
s__UMGS995 sp902784095
s__Ch67 sp020062665
s__CAILLO01 sp903919045
s__Spirillospora roseirufa
s__UBA668 sp021414085
s__Sulfurimonas sp018824795
s__Tenacibaculum sp947498055
s__Hydrogenophaga sp018780385
s__Albidovulum denitrificans
s__Coproplasma sp947628555
s__UBA11490 sp934754335
s__JAISKG01 sp031276105
s__Caccoplasma sp017462265
s__RGIG529 sp028705905
s__UMGS755 sp015068555
s__Streptomyces sp000719775
s__HRBIN32 sp025060455
s__RBC-AMX1 sp031316145
s__Collinsella sp900546725
s__Catellatospora sp029948125
s__UBA1213 sp902762335
s__UBA1020 sp002434005
s__Falsiroseomonas sp005222815
s__Streptomyces sp023184515
s__Fictibacillus arsenicus_B
s__Rhizobacter sp019635355
s__Roseitranquillus sediminis
s__HK-STAS-PATE-42 sp023898665
s__RGIG8482 sp947626205
s__JAUJNJ01 sp030448225
s__CAMCXT01 sp027483445
s__Mucilaginibacter endophyticus
s__HyVt-477 sp902727985
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp900117455
s__Rhizomicrobium sp903922545
s__Pedobacter sp019317285
s__Streptomyces roseirectus
s__UBA1259 sp017456945
s__Megamonas sp958415865
s__CAG-582 sp934089275
s__CAINDQ01 sp028698865
s__Akkermansia sp947631275
s__SP4073 sp002717855
s__JALZVN01 sp023299965
s__UBA1181 sp024401555
s__2-12-FULL-50-11-A sp001804315
s__GCA-002793235 sp002401955
s__Catellatospora paridis
s__JAUIEL01 sp030428825
s__Litoreibacter sp947487515
s__JADJRK01 sp025993795
s__JAGXGJ01 sp028714175
s__GLO-12 sp003353845
s__RGIG8482 sp947565445
s__JAAZIQ01 sp012800795
s__Anaerotignum sp030067835
s__UBA7441 sp902516225
s__Caccenecus sp947624855
s__Luteirhabdus pelagi
s__Agrobacterium sp900100825
s__MED-G78 sp003331645
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024730785
s__UBA7702 sp937919295
s__CAG-269 sp948468685
s__JAITHL01 sp031279975
s__Membranihabitans sp937876435
s__Planktophila sp009699765
s__UBA3077 sp002366685
s__JANQRC01 sp028279515
s__Luteibacter sp011759605
s__Stenotrophomonas_A sp029543105
s__RGIG8773 sp018110825
s__SZUA-378 sp028689655
s__JADGBM01 sp015231515
s__Pedobacter ginsengisoli
s__JALFVM01 sp030536755
s__WRLA01 sp028710155
s__Acinetobacter sp913777945
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp030824035
s__RGIG4729 sp017481035
s__Sodaliphilus sp946414395
s__Mobilitalea sp002329645
s__UBA9312 sp016783665
s__Serratia_K symbiotica_F
s__GCA-2701885 sp002938125
s__JAISBE01 sp031266365
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947623915
s__JAFDFO01 sp030145395
s__4572-13 sp029858345
s__Rhodoferax sp903938955
s__JABMQB01 sp013203525
s__RUG12438 sp946408655
s__G020353115 sp020353115
s__Eubacterium_R sp944380635
s__UBA2219 sp009783195
s__Pelagibacter sp902515625
s__Ahrensia marina
s__GWC2-37-13 sp026416375
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947624865
s__Enterousia sp015062485
s__Telmatocola sphagniphila
s__Hydrogenophaga sp026125825
s__Desulfonauticus submarinus
s__JAEUJZ01 sp016794505
s__Pseudomonas_E floridensis
s__Agromyces albus_A
s__Prevotella sp021204605
s__DTU059 sp012719545
s__GCA-918320885 sp918320885
s__RGIG8482 sp947365805
s__Sansalvadorimonas verongulae
s__Fulvivirga lutea
s__JAGVKL01 sp947474165
s__F23-D06 sp946409645
s__Hippea sp000526195
s__Aquidulcibacter paucihalophilus
s__JANXSX01 sp025356475
s__BOG-931 sp030043335
s__Treponema_D sp024691265
s__Pseudoduganella sp001425045
s__UBA6985 sp017542465
s__BOG-938 sp003164925
s__Paracholeplasma sp023436805
s__Chersky-265 sp023249635
s__RBG-13-51-36 sp029857995
s__WRAU01 sp031274895
s__UBA1067 sp024405265
s__Sphingomonas sp030819175
s__UBA1740 sp934417455
s__JAIBAM01 sp019695175
s__Palsa-461 sp021324355
s__JAUXSL01 sp030679975
s__Solimicrobium aquaticum
s__CAG-273 sp947630185
s__Paraglaciecola polaris
s__Marinobacter salinus
s__UBA1259 sp015069425
s__JAQSWO01 sp029266595
s__UBA1847 sp021773155
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385075
s__Alteromonas oceani
s__CAKZLV01 sp937127285
s__JAQCGA01 sp027619145
s__Bilifractor sp017475785
s__Allosphingosinicella sp902806315
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AK
s__UBA4810 sp001797845
s__Actinoplanes caeruleus_A
s__SHND01 sp021463195
s__Anaerocolumna sp937901695
s__DROE01 sp027082895
s__JAAZKO01 sp012515515
s__Parasynechococcus sp003210795
s__Sphingomonas sp017304635
s__Parvularcula sp937919225
s__B10-G9 sp030609055
s__Winogradskyella sp947498005
s__JAJEAQ01 sp022822685
s__Granulicatella sp916050055
s__Vescimonas sp017427645
s__JADGDT01 sp023145615
s__Microbacterium sp017968845
s__SW10 sp018222765
s__Marinobacterium_D mangrovicola
s__MWDT01 sp016217595
s__Egerieousia sp017380095
s__Bilifractor sp030527665
s__JAAYDE01 sp012729375
s__Pelagibacter sp902526115
s__Edaphocola luteus
s__Sodaliphilus sp947169265
s__GCA-020348265 sp020348265
s__Streptomyces sp003846185
s__Enterousia sp017554665
s__SbD1 sp031292215
s__Tepidiforma sp937864275
s__GCA-002733105 sp002733105
s__Chryseobacterium camelliae_B
s__Mycobacterium colombiense_C
s__JAJFLP01 sp021772635
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944324115
s__JARLHX01 sp031292035
s__Vibrio hannami
s__Psychrosphaera sp028098005
s__34-128 sp000405605
s__JAJRZV01 sp024275095
s__CAJMSU01 sp015059435
s__Sphingopyxis sp019459305
s__JAAUTZ01 sp012031225
s__RGIG1711 sp018066285
s__Anaerostipes sp905215045
s__UBA3282 sp947172645
s__IDS-52 sp028284495
s__AG-337-I02 sp902574475
s__Polaribacter sp000766795
s__Ga0077530 sp023387235
s__Nanosynbacter sp905372835
s__JACDCA01 sp013817065
s__JAEZHK01 sp023392395
s__BACL14 sp028355955
s__CAJXXO01 sp913062655
s__WQYJ01 sp031267645
s__JAEUTH01 sp016788165
s__Lawsonibacter sp949288405
s__JAIYDB01 sp027487695
s__Sediminibacterium sp004294465
s__BRH-c25 sp023405875
s__CAITPF01 sp020851995
s__AG-409-M05 sp003215435
s__JAHDEO01 sp937951615
s__SAR202-VII-2 sp003228115
s__Ferruginibacter sp016720775
s__JACOMS01 sp020627655
s__NBRC-107688 sp023715225
s__Paenibacillus_G allorhizosphaerae
s__JACDBD01 sp013695115
s__AG-337-I02 sp902592345
s__OFTM59 sp029260875
s__CAJBLF01 sp026397515
s__Spyradomonas sp949291445
s__SLHW01 sp024635455
s__Lysobacter prati
s__Fen-1364 sp003141795
s__AG-337-I02 sp014653715
s__WQXQ01 sp031254175
s__PeH17 sp016282255
s__RGIG5612 sp017515535
s__Lactobacillus sp946479925
s__Gallionella capsiferriformans
s__RGIG1899 sp030526325
s__Phocaeicola sp019414665
s__Arcanobacterium_A bovis
s__CAIXDN01 sp016699205
s__Trueperella bialowiezensis
s__Dissulfuribacter thermophilus
s__RGIG2000 sp945936265
s__JACCES01 sp029263795
s__Peribacillus sp918741275
s__Congregibacter sp030433415
s__JAGQOZ01 sp020426955
s__JAGOHE01 sp017996315
s__RBG-13-40-8-A sp001819435
s__Luteolibacter sp945862245
s__Enterousia sp902787665
s__Pseudobacter sp017849455
s__Bact-11 sp017616655
s__Sulfurovum sp021166685
s__WRMH01 sp009784725
s__Alteromonas sp018860965
s__JAHEXU01 sp023251975
s__GCA-2704625 sp902573065
s__Jejuia sp947498845
s__ES-bin-26 sp014379925
s__Z2-YC6860 sp936924235
s__UBA3076 sp002367355
s__Lientehia sp902363445
s__DTNP01 sp027311145
s__BOG-931 sp030037645
s__UBA6136 sp028678445
s__JAAUQQ01 sp938002085
s__Alcaligenes sp023439305
s__1162T-S-0a-05 sp000964245
s__Faecousia sp015067895
s__Tabrizicola sp009773055
s__HT-58-2 sp002163975
s__Pelagibacter sp902594655
s__Collinsella sp958405565
s__Cupriavidus basilensis_F
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028097945
s__Nitrococcus mobilis_A
s__JANYIG01 sp025358765
s__Ancylomarina sp029029505
s__Villigracilis sp919902735
s__Aureibaculum algae
s__BD2-11 sp009843625
s__W0P28-013 sp020636695
s__Phaeospirillum caucaseum
s__Qipengyuania sp018828205
s__Rhodophyticola porphyridii
s__UBA9655 sp027459605
s__Mixta sp940807255
s__DTU024 sp012837965
s__JARRCS01 sp029981855
s__Aridibacter famidurans
s__PR03 sp025453505
s__Mobilitalea sp023435895
s__M55B157 sp018399515
s__Sphaerotilus sp013299055
s__JALHNB01 sp022843745
s__CAG-177 sp017397105
s__Hydrocarboniphaga sp028291725
s__SZUA-146 sp013002925
s__Variovorax boronicumulans_A
s__Treponema_D sp937902445
s__CG2-30-51-40 sp003599015
s__JAJCZQ01 sp030624695
s__Scatocola sp946623145
s__Intestinimonas sp022653075
s__Butyrivibrio sp000621605
s__Commensalibacter sp029953265
s__Dysosmobacter sp902490355
s__Qipengyuania sp013001165
s__Flavobacterium sp028867965
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp902562015
s__JAUWTJ01 sp030614785
s__Angelobacter sp020072815
s__UBA2359 sp002212725
s__FB2012 sp017450925
s__Stanieria sp002355455
s__Ferruginibacter sp947453295
s__SYBY01 sp945878865
s__Umboniibacter marinipuniceus
s__RUG12783 sp902801795
s__Psychromonas ossibalaenae
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279005
s__Coprovivens sp947632085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905234775
s__Promicromonospora iranensis_A
s__JAUNUK01 sp030538185
s__JAQWUY01 sp029250225
s__JADHOX01 sp018659145
s__Sandarakinorhabdus oryzae
s__Undibacterium luofuense
s__Saccharopolyspora_C sp026241095
s__T1SED10-81 sp003551455
s__UTCFX2 sp020853835
s__RGIG5612 sp024403635
s__SYFI01 sp029977205
s__JAJCYT01 sp029262795
s__ELB16-189 sp016709845
s__JAADEQ01 sp024762845
s__JdFR-80 sp002010725
s__SIG424 sp015069185
s__Cryobacterium sp000738085
s__GBS-DC sp029335935
s__Fundidesulfovibrio agrisoli
s__Ruegeria sp000813985
s__2-02-FULL-36-13 sp001777015
s__Anaerococcus sp030825745
s__Marixanthomonas spongiae
s__Bartonella raoultii
s__Bacillus_AZ persicus
s__Aristaeella sp946413245
s__CALIVE01 sp030549845
s__Microcella sp005502445
s__Flavobacterium sp020991455
s__MarineAlpha4-Bin1 sp027619655
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp017415105
s__Jiulongibacter aquaticus
s__Luteimonas_D sp021191705
s__Chlorobium phaeobacteroides
s__GWA2-46-15 sp030704795
s__Sinisalibacter sp020441205
s__Allorhizobium sp014237835
s__Lysinibacillus cavernae
s__PRO5 sp003577275
s__UBA4045 sp002383285
s__JALOQD01 sp025453525
s__JAITHW01 sp031256905
s__Coproplasma sp947629735
s__UBA1259 sp017414525
s__Nonomuraea turkmeniaca
s__PCC-6406 sp012032425
s__Pelagibacter sp905612375
s__Campylobacter_B sp905373295
s__Chitinophaga chungangae
s__Fibromonas sp001462225
s__BOG-944 sp003134215
s__SZUA-117 sp024640315
s__Nonomuraea rubra_A
s__Microbacterium sp009649635
s__Cellulophaga sp023476645
s__Thermopetrobacter sp027024225
s__Sandaracinus sp030855295
s__GCA-2691785 sp002691785
s__Novosphingobium sp024642085
s__PUPG01 sp003557765
s__JACDAV01 sp013695255
s__JACDDX01 sp013813145
s__Aphodocola sp947427095
s__JALRIJ01 sp023255485
s__JAJDCR01 sp029260735
s__CACXMZ01 sp902767025
s__DYMG01 sp947311115
s__Desulfacyla sp029932035
s__UBA3871 sp946638265
s__W3P20-009 sp024401395
s__BD2-11 sp028821195
s__Rossellomorea sp947488365
s__Streptococcus penaeicida
s__Anaeromyxobacter_A sp001768075
s__PMNU01 sp029288515
s__Endozoicomonas sp023716865
s__JAJDYQ01 sp026196145
s__S146-88 sp015492195
s__CAKQSC01 sp934271255
s__JAHDBF01 sp020630955
s__JADFTK01 sp022560375
s__RF16 sp024399755
s__Brotaphodocola sp947383005
s__RUG14243 sp902797185
s__BJHQ01 sp014193115
s__Nioella sp030732985
s__Planktophila sp937864425
s__Hydrogenophaga sp004795855
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp029872155
s__Vulcanococcus sp913061215
s__UBA11358 sp028712475
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp013823985
s__SYHX01 sp016868875
s__SM23-73-3 sp029933635
s__Metamycoplasma falconis
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031276785
s__UBA1924 sp029260265
s__JACOXM01 sp016176285
s__Flavobacterium sp913777665
s__CAG-793 sp947631315
s__JAJYVT01 sp021801615
s__Bosea sp001426225
s__JACPKY01 sp016186795
s__Desulforhopalus sp024710585
s__Cellulomonas sp021793675
s__CAG-475 sp947625145
s__CAIKZJ01 sp937915485
s__WRIO01 sp009782695
s__Pseudobacteriovorax sp013215145
s__Ga0077527 sp021300125
s__UBA2868 sp017444015
s__PMG-095 sp025936045
s__UBA2391 sp018268255
s__RGIG4310 sp017543265
s__RGIG9099 sp017935905
s__Demequina sp030418295
s__Clostridium_H bovifaecis
s__Sphingomonas sanguinis_E
s__Tsuneonella dongtanensis
s__Rhizobium_E sp028290545
s__ELB16-189 sp019638395
s__JAUMXZ01 sp030528905
s__JAGRAN01 sp030431555
s__Limivicinus sp902783825
s__JABACD01 sp014237855
s__JADGPY01 sp013694745
s__Glaciihabitans tibetensis
s__CALAQW01 sp947258435
s__Pedosphaera sp028293285
s__UBA6164 sp028688895
s__UBA7378 sp913051715
s__Methylomonas sp028688235
s__Nesterenkonia sp946222885
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946410455
s__UBA3792 sp017524445
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009783695
s__Methylophilus sp027488395
s__JACQGT01 sp024643705
s__JAGORE01 sp018062985
s__SIG292 sp022766905
s__Fluviicoccus keumensis
s__Prauserella aidingensis
s__Pontiella sp030588285
s__JADYYZ01 sp020853405
s__Gemmata sp901538445
s__DRLZ01 sp011322755
s__CACKRM01 sp902602655
s__JAIPAH01 sp021767705
s__Duganella guangzhouensis
s__Thermochromatium tepidum
s__JADJSS01 sp020848255
s__W1033 sp011192015
s__Dialister sp025992895
s__Bog-1198 sp003165495
s__Coproplasma sp947631195
s__Arachnia propionica_A
s__Acetivibrio sp023398495
s__UBA7359 sp021773235
s__Phenylobacterium sp016793285
s__DYHQ01 sp020724065
s__Mediterraneibacter_A sp934418295
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_AF
s__Elusimicrobium sp009778915
s__SZAS-103 sp018240435
s__JAHZKN01 sp021775735
s__JAGVMG01 sp019752555
s__Roseobacter sp947488185
s__JAJZKG01 sp021809565
s__Thermosynechococcus sp025999095
s__Bosea sp023953965
s__Collinsella sp958438955
s__Blastococcus sp003319095
s__JAIUMY01 sp022565335
s__Aliiglaciecola sp947503265
s__JACKCG01 sp020634115
s__GCA-020344395 sp020344395
s__Butyribacter sp947589455
s__Occallatibacter sp003162495
s__MED-G13 sp902581145
s__UMGS1491 sp934718145
s__JALGZG01 sp030609365
s__Cohaesibacter celericrescens
s__Amphibacillus_C cookii
s__Brevibacterium yomogidense
s__JAIFWC01 sp946478715
s__Alteromonas sp026183735
s__CAG-196 sp934773085
s__UBA1740 sp946055715
s__MGBC162267 sp948469065
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687195
s__Hyphococcus sp913055785
s__AU392 sp937924845
s__JABFSM01 sp019637315
s__E44-bin32 sp030642885
s__Sarcina sp947036855
s__RYN-405 sp028286385
s__GCA-2753565 sp015231305
s__CALJVA01 sp937975135
s__JAAZON01 sp012797725
s__JAUVZV01 sp030602375
s__RUG12999 sp030705675
s__JAEUUL01 sp016787485
s__JAUXFM01 sp030622955
s__Pelistega europaea
s__Treponema_D sp016290335
s__RPPD01 sp016929065
s__Marmoricola endophyticus
s__Mesorhizobium escarrei
s__HGM12713 sp017625755
s__Erythrobacter sp001720465
s__Rhodoferax_C sp963205375
s__JAGSPQ01 sp018262385
s__RF16 sp024399655
s__AG-363-J23 sp003280095
s__Streptomyces adelaidensis
s__Sediminibacterium sp947456625
s__Streptomyces cyaneus
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023073915
s__WHSV01 sp030860505
s__CAG-465 sp017626395
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp017987825
s__Polaribacter sp000152945
s__UBA2336 sp025455465
s__Prevotella sp934215545
s__UBA2163 sp001774455
s__Collinsella sp934646815
s__Algoriphagus sp013373335
s__JAJPKI01 sp021323835
s__Patulibacter medicamentivorans
s__Croceitalea sp937959125
s__Hyphomicrobium_A album
s__Vicinibacter sp020848695
s__Microbacterium sp015277895
s__Aliiroseovarius sp023195695
s__Fibrobacter sp947305535
s__GCA-2719315 sp002719315
s__Paludibacter sp031292575
s__JAFDZO01 sp018266835
s__F23-B02 sp021442665
s__JAJPJA01 sp021325025
s__PSRF01 sp013812905
s__Rhizorhabdus sp947476735
s__Caldilinea sp937981885
s__Sabulitectum silens
s__HGM13618 sp017469465
s__Enterousia sp946613885
s__Stagnihabitans tardus
s__Pararhodobacter sp937907485
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp002026145
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687895
s__JAKAGC01 sp026393835
s__Nocardioides terrae
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp005886535
s__Nanosynbacter sp946893605
s__WQYJ01 sp031285845
s__Choladousia sp951230155
s__Pelagibacter sp902590365
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp030267245
s__T1Sed10-7 sp003565155
s__Rosenbergiella gaditana
s__Pedobacter cryoconitis
s__Coproplasma sp021203865
s__JABWBV01 sp027019845
s__Prosthecobacter sp015075365
s__CAJFTX01 sp904420075
s__JAUWMI01 sp030613245
s__PMG-095 sp903642325
s__JAHHTG01 sp949287785
s__Campylobacter_A sp025319965
s__Zhihengliuella polaris_A
s__CANQRF01 sp947626665
s__UMGS1124 sp947629425
s__Gluconacetobacter aggeris
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp018267955
s__Saccharimonas sp013333625
s__Roseomonas rosea
s__JAAYJG01 sp017995215
s__CAJOIG01 sp947625285
s__Nostoc sp017114995
s__JAGOSA01 sp943356455
s__Microgenomatus_B auricola_A
s__STD1-80 sp028718785
s__JACKEA01 sp937872925
s__Caccovivens sp947623775
s__Nesterenkonia sp029265375
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000377785
s__UBA953 sp016871725
s__Fictibacillus_A gelatini
s__JACDQM01 sp013824165
s__Streptomyces sp021568835
s__Microbacterium sp031277945
s__Dolosicoccus sp945278685
s__Caballeronia sp009766085
s__CAIYQJ01 sp903928275
s__GCA-012562765 sp012568845
s__CACZQQ01 sp902783355
s__Aristaeella sp946542235
s__JAFUXM01 sp017446055
s__Casp-alpha2 sp027624235
s__CALEZE01 sp937928235
s__Desulfotalea psychrophila
s__CAG-582 sp022508565
s__Agriterribacter sp934502905
s__UBA3824 sp017412115
s__Geddesella sp934481505
s__Stackebrandtia nassauensis
s__Ghiorsea sp027059605
s__CAIOSU01 sp027483645
s__Brackiella oedipodis
s__Eubacterium_Q sp937872845
s__SXYR01 sp947472965
s__Qipengyuania sp022953095
s__Sherwoodlollariibacterium sp016938245
s__Flavobacterium sp004368785
s__Zymomonas mobilis_B
s__Desulfobacillus sp016880375
s__Prevotella sp905235325
s__DRPN01 sp015486185
s__GWC2-37-13 sp902200405
s__JAJSAM01 sp024274785
s__Acetatifactor sp947629645
s__Bog-950 sp018267435
s__SKKL01 sp007121465
s__Parasphingorhabdus cellanae
s__Actinosynnema carneum
s__SoEE sp002933345
s__JAUWNP01 sp030612585
s__JACCZZ01 sp016717285
s__UMGS1865 sp017624395
s__DTU064 sp947624995
s__DAOUWZ01 sp030666865
s__CAG-269 sp948468315
s__Heritagella sp946484175
s__JAIRNF01 sp031258195
s__JACPHY01 sp016188355
s__SURF-3 sp030145385
s__Caenispirillum sp023396465
s__Dokdonella_A sp029779475
s__GCA-2733545 sp021129775
s__UBA1792 sp002315155
s__RBG-13-51-18 sp001796495
s__Corynebacterium atrinae
s__Streptomyces sclerotialus_B
s__JAAZIL01 sp012800885
s__Luteolibacter sp029977225
s__Methylobacter_A sp947506155
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp030428865
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp020073245
s__RUG11272 sp946543085
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687815
s__JADZBD01 sp020852255
s__Streptococcus sp901875575
s__Faecousia sp017397565
s__UBA1740 sp017452895
s__Bradyrhizobium manausense_B
s__Ramlibacter sp028292245
s__JAIPFM01 sp022563885
s__Microbulbifer sp009363535
s__JAQTUZ01 sp028707065
s__Sphingobium sp013911745
s__Arcicella sp013298125
s__UMGS1491 sp017432165
s__JACPFN01 sp017992075
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_M
s__Gemmata sp022843445
s__JAIRRR01 sp031267955
s__Flagellimonas sp030429325
s__Pristimantibacillus sp022180385
s__JARACK01 sp028767185
s__JAEWQO01 sp023429565
s__Anaerocolumna sedimenticola
s__Cellulophaga sp019021925
s__CACIJG01 sp902537415
s__UBA4951 sp949287245
s__Aquicoccus sp001314705
s__Pelagibacter sp902572005
s__UBA8316 sp913020685
s__Limimorpha sp947303055
s__Gordonia aichiensis
s__Halomonas cerina
s__Methyloprofundus sp030591965
s__Belnapia sp028291445
s__Polynucleobacter sp013205155
s__JAJUIU01 sp029267445
s__JAQTVP01 sp028707015
s__Sedimentibacter sp003497505
s__Onthovivens sp949291375
s__SXVE01 sp030855875
s__Streptomyces hygroscopicus_D
s__Suilimivivens sp023663945
s__UBA1221 sp902761735
s__Lysobacter_H aestuarii
s__Gulosibacter sediminis_A
s__CAG-1782 sp934274515
s__CANHCR01 sp947459205
s__JAIRNI01 sp031266385
s__Desulfocapsa sp029932055
s__Eubacterium_G sp017514785
s__Sphingobium_A sp022601895
s__RGIG2707 sp021443825
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp020446625
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017421685
s__Chitinivibrio alkaliphilus
s__Ekhidna sp013214445
s__Bosea sp001748145
s__JABMQH01 sp013203355
s__UBA954 sp009924525
s__Streptococcus sp001808665
s__Anaerobacillus_A algicola
s__TMED25 sp902538185
s__JALZIF01 sp030860435
s__Nitrospira_A sp020697375
s__Blautia sp022717655
s__Corynebacterium sp027886475
s__Microlunatus_C panaciterrae
s__SG8-38 sp029862185
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021787615
s__JAIFNL01 sp020047755
s__B129-G9 sp030622295
s__JAGGSN01 sp021159005
s__Velesiimonas alkalicola
s__2-02-FULL-48-12 sp001819875
s__Bradyrhizobium sp004799445
s__Stenomitos sp021323955
s__Saccharimonas sp905373345
s__CAG-1193 sp902783915
s__Blochmannia sp009827135
s__Eubacterium_T sp017419895
s__Collinsella sp934643435
s__Ralstonia sp016429285
s__QUBU01 sp023150055
s__Celaenobacter sp030613025
s__Klebsiella oxytoca_C
s__Nocardioides sp025965415
s__Flavobacterium sp025947065
s__Aureispira sp905480075
s__Sphingobacterium sp001586775
s__UBA11717 sp003509895
s__Gemmata sp013823135
s__DAOUWH01 sp030667205
s__UBA5796 sp002418215
s__JAGQJP01 sp020430585
s__AG-422-B15 sp902617525
s__JALHQU01 sp025459365
s__CAG-269 sp946487895
s__JAUIMJ01 sp030433295
s__Roseibium aestuarii
s__Humisphaera sp028288905
s__Selenomonas_A sp000686945
s__JAEUSI01 sp016788375
s__JAIRRT01 sp031255835
s__UBA6814 sp002452635
s__SURF-8 sp003598065
s__Sphingomonas_E laterariae
s__Sphingobium sp024168485
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281605
s__Shimia gijangensis
s__RGIG3178 sp017439715
s__GCA-2785325 sp002785325
s__D2472 sp003331545
s__COE1 sp947623805
s__Rhodoferax sp028711355
s__CANQAG01 sp947591215
s__Janthinobacterium sp002250505
s__AM-2324 sp900299495
s__RGIG8050 sp946630785
s__Chryseobacterium sp019236175
s__UBA3775 sp017437965
s__RGIG4079 sp017424575
s__WRAG01 sp009780345
s__Brevefilum sp029210815
s__RGIG8482 sp948465625
s__UBA3291 sp031288635
s__Gp22-AA3 sp016177515
s__M0103 sp937899625
s__JABDGR01 sp013285985
s__Sporanaerobium sp023415525
s__JAAUTM01 sp012031455
s__Pelagibacter sp014654115
s__UBA9145 sp938082955
s__Lachnoclostridium sp023428885
s__Tannerella sp031272155
s__Rugosibacter sp023257495
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp022712855
s__SoEE sp002933355
s__RUG13409 sp017443515
s__Nanosyncoccus sp938017655
s__Bacteroides sp002471195
s__JAFLCR01 sp017302755
s__Variovorax sp901827175
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216595
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021788495
s__Stenotrophomonas tumulicola
s__Thermaerobacter sp003403315
s__CACGMS01 sp902574205
s__Dysgonomonas sp003523545
s__RUG11272 sp017552615
s__Alkalibacterium sp001885615
s__CABSLJ01 sp902478455
s__Flavobacterium sp002286775
s__JAJUGB01 sp029268595
s__HGM11367 sp918262735
s__Nitrosospira sp013821425
s__UBA10103 sp024654485
s__Novosphingobium sp005145025
s__Acinetobacter nosocomialis_A
s__Nocardiopsis sp018207095
s__Novosphingobium sp900113255
s__F0058 sp031270565
s__AG-363-K07 sp003280295
s__Olleya sp029760915
s__Aquella sp019744945
s__JAEUJM01 sp016794585
s__Anaerolinea sp016927865
s__Flavobacterium branchiicola
s__Rhodoferax sp945885775
s__WQYP01 sp937901265
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp026967575
s__Sutcliffiella_A deserti
s__Aquicultor sp018333515
s__SURF-16 sp003249165
s__MED-G82 sp902628925
s__JAUNUZ01 sp030537915
s__Paracoccus subflavus
s__Collinsella sp902470765
s__SBBM01 sp005239725
s__TWA4 sp030536685
s__SZUA-430 sp013140995
s__Acutalibacter sp947632385
s__Methylomonas sp028707085
s__Caryophanon tenue
s__Enterenecus sp944387095
s__QUBU01 sp020853135
s__Agromyces salentinus
s__JAKPQA01 sp029547025
s__Salinicoccus alkaliphilus
s__Streptococcus oralis_BS
s__JACQKT01 sp027310625
s__MS024-2A sp913047695
s__Ekhidna sp028278585
s__SKZB01 sp007693845
s__Leucobacter coleopterorum
s__Flavobacterium tistrianum
s__SHZI01 sp963204745
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp026393455
s__UBA6382 sp947306605
s__SIAQ01 sp016872605
s__RBG-13-51-18 sp001796525
s__Actinomadura_C sp014323665
s__JAUSIF01 sp023266695
s__Kushneria konosiri
s__JAHCRE01 sp020148145
s__UBA4951 sp022641095
s__GCA-002793355 sp020853235
s__Pelagibacter sp902597335
s__JAKSVV01 sp024407775
s__Sediminibacterium sp947455605
s__HyVt-443 sp011051715
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp937974845
s__Gilliamella intestini
s__Marinobacter sp900188315
s__UBA7703 sp021373115
s__Adhaeribacter swui
s__JAKFYL01 sp021730845
s__Avanaerovorax faecigallinarum
s__UBA6080 sp029571005
s__JAPULC01 sp027295305
s__Moheibacter sp937875605
s__JAISMF01 sp031278475
s__Methylocella sp030948025
s__Patulibacter sp017916475
s__UBA4781 sp003446605
s__Sinomonas terrae
s__Telluria sp000740675
s__YE71 sp021202895
s__CAIVAT01 sp030681475
s__MGR-bin208 sp946885335
s__GCA-2733415 sp002733415
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902566675
s__Rubripirellula reticaptiva
s__Collinsella sp902468695
s__DYJU01 sp020722985
s__LFER01 sp902633655
s__UBA2813 sp902788345
s__WRMI01 sp031285765
s__Vitreimonas manganica
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp023701385
s__Nocardioides antri
s__Corynebacterium sputi
s__Anaerococcus sp943913365
s__Devosia_A sp016713105
s__Palsa-881 sp030854165
s__JAABSX01 sp011390205
s__JALHWS01 sp022866885
s__Bdellovibrio sp013752535
s__Streptantibioticus ferralitis
s__Pelagibacter sp902557235
s__Deinococcus sp018260275
s__JAJDAO01 sp029261835
s__RUG11788 sp017541325
s__JAHDGW01 sp020631635
s__Pseudooceanicola aestuarii
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp001870785
s__Flavobacterium sp020905295
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003221985
s__JAAZBI01 sp012513875
s__JACQSB01 sp016206175
s__Bosea sp008253865
s__UBA4466 sp022448165
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017407755
s__Fusibacter_C sp014859095
s__JALYQZ01 sp030855525
s__Isoptericola sp947497265
s__UBA2862 sp902801165
s__UBA4285 sp905235275
s__Desulfobacula sp029940235
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902549495
s__Roseburia sp021770785
s__UBA11704 sp023267475
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp023387555
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_D
s__Legionella antarctica
s__MED-G21 sp002457305
s__Alistipes sp017504265
s__Planobispora takensis
s__Sulfurivirga sp015490265
s__JACQWM01 sp016209275
s__T3Sed10-140 sp003567805
s__CABTZP01 sp902489375
s__JAHFAK01 sp023250585
s__DRBW01 sp011042705
s__UBA11073 sp003536545
s__Calothrix_A sp030065055
s__Marvinbryantia sp937915375
s__Phenylobacterium sp023445705
s__Limimorpha sp947166105
s__CAG-1782 sp024685275
s__Tenggerimyces flavus
s__Mucilaginibacter phenanthrenivorans
s__JABDQA01 sp024640625
s__JAQBXX01 sp030655395
s__JAICUF01 sp025935545
s__Arthrobacter_D sp030433645
s__Prosthecobacter sp030827515
s__JAKAAZ01 sp027323885
s__MED-G13 sp008081325
s__UMGS2070 sp017444895
s__PALSA-270 sp003132825
s__Pedobacter sp025351765
s__VXMF01 sp028819235
s__Paraburkholderia dilworthii
s__Mycobacterium sp003284965
s__Nioella sp003428585
s__Saprospira sp947441325
s__JACPOV01 sp020050475
s__Reyranella sp025808875
s__FW300-bin19 sp004297825
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AI
s__JACCZH01 sp013696045
s__Filifactor alocis_A
s__Pelagibacter sp902603475
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947168445
s__Pelagibacter sp902524115
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp008370255
s__Luteolibacter sp903875675
s__Rothia halotolerans
s__CAG-194 sp017623815
s__Wujia sp014799405
s__UBA10103 sp028286585
s__Rhabdochromatium marinum
s__JAOUOD01 sp029880545
s__CAMDGX01 sp945888575
s__UBA2334 sp030695205
s__Romeria gracilis
s__Telluria sp003520365
s__AV40 sp025934755
s__Pacificispira spongiicola
s__Methylocystis sp003963405
s__Pelagibacter sp902533075
s__B10-G9 sp024763275
s__UBA11712 sp028716005
s__JAADFW01 sp013152655
s__Caccovivens sp947629505
s__HUN007 sp000712055
s__RGIG1995 sp015065045
s__Gramella salexigens
s__Pelagibacter sp902627565
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946549475
s__UBA1711 sp017550405
s__CAMAVY01 sp945861675
s__Thiospirochaeta sp016936295
s__UBA4285 sp902781505
s__CAG-448 sp017532045
s__Thiomonas sp021808445
s__UBA1213 sp902772855
s__UBA6256 sp030024085
s__Desulfosporosinus sp001707885
s__Sneathiella sp022360775
s__JACKHW01 sp937858895
s__JAIRKI01 sp031283975
s__VFZN01 sp963169195
s__Treponema_D sp018066075
s__VGWG01 sp945870025
s__Thalassotalea_E insulae
s__PWHW01 sp021734685
s__Pukyongia sp030148705
s__Nesterenkonia koreensis
s__UBA5500 sp937874815
s__Kribbella sp010548305
s__Bacteroides_H sp010500965
s__Pedobacter lusitanus
s__Ureibacillus xyleni
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp946617595
s__Moraxella sp030538375
s__Rectinema sp029265255
s__Luteolibacter sp947462535
s__Campylobacter_B sp938015785
s__Palsa-1392 sp025929155
s__UBA7707 sp021372675
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030146725
s__Multivorans sp011525365
s__JACRHY01 sp016215765
s__67-14 sp023434465
s__SIG205 sp947624635
s__Ventrenecus sp947628125
s__JACDDK01 sp937873125
s__CAIYPH01 sp947447625
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030528995
s__Microbulbifer sp001639145
s__JADJBS01 sp025356445
s__Vreelandella songnenensis
s__JAADEQ01 sp013153345
s__JAAYBF01 sp946481495
s__Micropruina sp937863965
s__JAJFUN01 sp021372375
s__UBA4951 sp022653695
s__CAKZML01 sp029864735
s__Bulleidia sp937910655
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007118525
s__Collinsella sp934654765
s__CADEGZ01 sp013286785
s__GCA-002726655 sp002726655
s__Thauera phenylacetica
s__RGIG5612 sp017510065
s__Pseudaquidulcibacter sp020161405
s__Leucobacter sp012510755
s__Onthousia sp944331945
s__JAISJH01 sp031260685
s__Cellulomonas phragmiteti
s__Deefgea sp016881365
s__Acetatifactor sp947305245
s__Flavobacterium sp030150335
s__Mariniblastus sp023300235
s__Mycobacterium frederiksbergense_B
s__Pseudomonas nitritireducens_A
s__Corynebacterium sp028726465
s__Micavibrio_C sp934538895
s__PKWO01 sp031291325
s__JAAYSD01 sp012518465
s__JALHOR01 sp022842885
s__JALSNJ01 sp026987025
s__Bulleidia sp900770275
s__Streptomyces aidingensis
s__Halopseudomonas sp002287035
s__CACIUL01 sp024229495
s__Aquirhabdus sp028868515
s__Pedobacter sp026239555
s__UBA10015 sp016217585
s__UBA1934 sp027492775
s__JACRBF01 sp016213175
s__HRBIN12 sp004366195
s__JAMOVV01 sp027067385
s__Falsirhodobacter halotolerans
s__Okibacterium fritillariae
s__CAMCQY01 sp947449135
s__Streptococcus sp905372335
s__B143-G9 sp003644275
s__Pelagibius sp028281305
s__Thermomonas sp020850895
s__Blautia_A sp030524715
s__Gordonia sp030315685
s__Brooklawnia sp938036835
s__OXYB2-FULL-32-7 sp001787465
s__CAIXZV01 sp025935925
s__MWH-TA3 sp945901035
s__Palsa-89 sp003162425
s__JAISZG01 sp031269355
s__Kineosporia aurantiaca
s__Sphingomonas sp023418595
s__UMGS1865 sp017461825
s__Sulfitobacter sp026410305
s__AG-337-I02 sp902515745
s__Ferruginibacter sp009885535
s__Billgrantia sp010993975
s__Winogradskyella sp028289625
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp949747725
s__UBA4179 sp002305015
s__JAHDFB01 sp020628475
s__Enterousia sp947307295
s__JACPHD01 sp016188785
s__Ruegeria intermedia
s__Scalindua arabica
s__Mannheimia bovis
s__SAR86A sp002169105
s__ER46 sp005786775
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882365
s__CALLCD01 sp938049795
s__JACQAI01 sp016195115
s__OLB9 sp026928325
s__Fen-183 sp030278895
s__JACQUO01 sp016210205
s__UBA10324 sp003455275
s__JAUWNZ01 sp030610915
s__CAMYJL01 sp947258645
s__UBA1067 sp017547265
s__Cryobacterium cheniae
s__JAAZIQ01 sp012800215
s__UBA929 sp031271325
s__RGIG10190 sp023227695
s__UBA791 sp902783785
s__Bacillus_A thuringiensis_AA
s__SKHV01 sp017998095
s__JABFXX01 sp023386455
s__Silvibacterium sp013289875
s__Oceanisphaera profunda
s__Neptunochlamydia sp024233515
s__SYIB01 sp018970045
s__M50B103 sp016937825
s__JADFMN01 sp022563855
s__Adhaeribacter aerolatus
s__DTKV01 sp027459625
s__Thermosporothrix hazakensis
s__Limimorpha sp902767725
s__Pseudomonas_E cavernicola
s__Sulfurimonas sp002732645
s__VBAT01 sp025450235
s__EFPC-124 sp016880595
s__Phnomibacter sp023387985
s__UBA10183 sp020057645
s__Alistipes sp017546345
s__Palsa-343 sp003131625
s__CALFUK01 sp937929945
s__Angelobacter sp020072585
s__Pullibacteroides sp947176875
s__UBA6213 sp019429405
s__UBA4658 sp937871915
s__Chishuiella sp002484335
s__UBA3631 sp002374055
s__Psychrobacillus soli
s__JACQZM01 sp016213885
s__Faecousia sp017380435
s__CAMPJU01 sp946886995
s__B51-G9 sp003648225
s__Flavobacterium amnicola
s__Algibacter miyuki
s__JAISRN01 sp031273605
s__Pelagibacter sp902515175
s__Akkermansia sp015062045
s__Faecalibacillus sp030540195
s__Sandarakinorhabdus rubra
s__Methylomonas sp013141865
s__Pelagibacter sp902524545
s__JAGQOH01 sp029260455
s__Pseudokordiimonas caeni
s__JAJPZL01 sp021204375
s__GCA-001735895 sp945787265
s__JAQVCB01 sp028689995
s__Enterousia sp017427715
s__RECM01 sp007694035
s__JALRAY01 sp023257955
s__BOG-1155 sp002067405
s__UBA1268 sp937926325
s__SLRI01 sp030431615
s__Pusillimonas_E faecipullorum
s__UBA8079 sp002722515
s__Limivicinus sp902787755
s__Gloeobacter morelensis
s__JAADCS01 sp013154295
s__FEN-1226 sp003142435
s__Sodaliphilus sp017619355
s__JABWCQ01 sp023382385
s__Prosthecomicrobium pneumaticum
s__JAAZMA01 sp012799055
s__Olleya aquimaris
s__UBA8515 sp903825265
s__JAGFJJ01 sp024102815
s__UBA5619 sp002423465
s__RBG-13-51-18 sp028714335
s__Faecousia sp016302015
s__GCA-001735895 sp003231795
s__JAKQDD01 sp029556615
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp001650955
s__Phenylobacterium sp947474775
s__FB2012 sp017471405
s__Mesorhizobium sp006439355
s__Luminiphilus sp018222695
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031284865
s__Glaciecola sp018595715
s__CAIYQO01 sp903928345
s__RPRC01 sp028683555
s__SKKK01 sp007695205
s__UBA969 sp945897965
s__Anaerosporobacter sp019421365
s__Pseudotabrizicola nectariphila_A
s__CAG-115 sp945931735
s__Georgenia ruanii
s__JAHJQQ01 sp019911805
s__Flavobacterium fluviatile
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp030296835
s__UBA12088 sp003252295
s__JAAYGO01 sp012727685
s__Collinsella sp937930475
s__B111-G9 sp027024445
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_G
s__Nicoliella spurrieriana
s__Collinsella sp902491135
s__Mycobacterium gordonae_D
s__UBA4479 sp023145215
s__CAKTER01 sp934552695
s__Anoxybacillus_A tepidamans_A
s__JADLCB01 sp020847375
s__UBA5195 sp020720965
s__Inhella gelatinilytica
s__Scleromatobacter humisilvae
s__RGIG3009 sp017436915
s__Paenibacillus_S sp030020805
s__G004843345 sp004843165
s__WRIP01 sp012520915
s__JAKOND01 sp022702125
s__Tenebribacter sp029932755
s__SKYB106 sp026415355
s__Dyadobacter fermentans
s__Clostridium beijerinckii_A
s__JAADGP01 sp027021785
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017405065
s__GCA-002733185 sp019090365
s__Treponema_D sp017464425
s__UBA6164 sp943356435
s__CACIIZ01 sp029243395
s__SHYR01 sp009692705
s__Clostridium_AV sp003718715
s__CALREJ01 sp943355155
s__Enterococcus clewellii
s__Flexibacter flexilis
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp014796735
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp016872915
s__Palsa-295 sp021780215
s__Novosphingobium sp029779535
s__Neorhizobium sp023433855
s__Lachnospira sp017626275
s__Eubacterium_R sp947169815
s__Solibaculum sp937905915
s__JSC-12 sp015272515
s__JAEZYR01 sp030057555
s__Hydrogenovibrio halophilus
s__Salinibacter luteus
s__JAIRRO01 sp031255955
s__GCA-2749205 sp937923945
s__Arachnia palaemonis
s__Comamonas sp030162935
s__Tumebacillus_A sp004340785
s__Rubidibacter lacunae
s__Alkalibaculum_A sporogenes
s__JAGQSI01 sp025463265
s__Devosia epidermidihirudinis
s__SIG79 sp017456495
s__UBA3839 sp002305265
s__JAADED01 sp027066365
s__Porcipelethomonas sp945876155
s__Firm-07 sp015065135
s__Desulfovibrio sp014804965
s__DYOS01 sp020720405
s__WQVR01 sp009785775
s__JACKAN01 sp020435005
s__W-Chloroflexi-9 sp030684635
s__Microbulbifer aggregans
s__UBA3792 sp937877295
s__CAJOGH01 sp905233865
s__RGIG9107 sp017935825
s__Nocardioides immobilis
s__Sediminibacterium sp027490265
s__SHLQ01 sp937969345
s__Solirubrobacter pauli
s__VEPF01 sp012027055
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp009694475
s__BPKH01 sp026005035
s__Falsiroseomonas oleicola
s__JAUHHC01 sp030410485
s__Lacunisphaera sp025361365
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp018241425
s__Roseobacter insulae
s__Aristaeella sp017652125
s__UBA11704 sp029288775
s__Actinomarina sp902565645
s__DAIDJD01 sp027451505
s__Peptostreptococcus sp900112955
s__WRLJ01 sp009777685
s__TCS55 sp029938045
s__Arthrobacter_H sp016892645
s__Saccharimonas sp002441145
s__RUG760 sp021442595
s__DSOT01 sp016202565
s__OLB5 sp027492415
s__Bog-1198 sp030776345
s__Devosia_A insulae
s__Treponema_D sp017619795
s__Evtepia sp934572535
s__Kineosporia corallincola
s__RGIG10190 sp024401475
s__TMED58 sp002708105
s__QHCC01 sp030775825
s__JAAYBT01 sp012730015
s__JACEUU01 sp026389055
s__Fimivivens sp949285275
s__JAAZFZ01 sp946626015
s__RUG658 sp017528425
s__JACDBR01 sp013694825
s__Fluviicola sp002432085
s__UBA2589 sp022564535
s__VXYL01 sp951813295
s__JAGTRP01 sp018261935
s__Streptobacillus canis
s__JAOAEQ01 sp026416715
s__Sphingomonas sp913776255
s__JAHOYX01 sp030642995
s__Desulfosporosinus sp030954495
s__Desulfobacter vibrioformis
s__Trichlorobacter sp002328035
s__Prevotella sp937877595
s__UBA10151 sp016183305
s__UBA1100 sp913041895
s__JAJTIA01 sp021299995
s__DRQF01 sp011369445
s__Palsa-1233 sp025361465
s__JAOULM01 sp029882015
s__Pygmaiobacter sp944386515
s__Rippkaea sp003574135
s__Thomasclavelia sp021770925
s__Shewanella sp001957125
s__Gallimonas sp947624805
s__Collinsella sp937982065
s__Flexistipes sp002338145
s__DYNF01 sp020721205
s__JAIRLS01 sp031264715
s__Novosphingobium sp937897535
s__Modestobacter marinus_B
s__WGA-3G sp022394775
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp905479755
s__CG1-02-47-37 sp030699295
s__Patulibacter sp023230855
s__CAKZUP01 sp938038175
s__Mycobacterium icosiumassiliensis
s__UBA4717 sp017411885
s__Quinella sp946407095
s__CAG-269 sp017410505
s__Haloglycomyces albus
s__Limnohabitans_A sp017986605
s__Agromyces mediolanus_A
s__UBA7109 sp946558465
s__DYGX01 sp020848665
s__AG-414-E02 sp902567945
s__Pelagibacter sp902571375
s__RECH01 sp007694125
s__JAUVJU01 sp030592285
s__Roseibium suaedae
s__Penaeicola halotolerans
s__AG-337-I02 sp902512415
s__JANXDG01 sp937928765
s__CALKAQ01 sp937983075
s__Comamonas sp018384835
s__Pseudomonas_E sp008370045
s__Intestinirhabdus alba
s__Mobilitalea sp023415475
s__Coproplasma sp021204625
s__Vibrio sp013114545
s__Pelagibacter sp902597555
s__Verruco-01 sp001604565
s__Stercorousia sp944322705
s__PXCX01 sp003567575
s__UBA3207 sp946407815
s__Paremcibacter sp016765435
s__Caballeronia sp018449635
s__JADNYK01 sp017810075
s__Vreelandella sp007625055
s__Roseivirga echinicomitans
s__JANQMV01 sp028279865
s__ELB16-189 sp016866235
s__Quinella sp017427545
s__Niabella agricola
s__Henriciella marina
s__Thermostaphylospora chromogena
s__M55B149 sp018399715
s__TMED13 sp902595755
s__Spirillospora sp030269545
s__Sodaliphilus sp017619255
s__JAADFJ01 sp013152955
s__SXTU01 sp009924135
s__GCA-2697505 sp002697505
s__Caccovicinus sp030524635
s__Bythopirellula sp028285205
s__Leadbetterella sp024343575
s__Kribbella amoyensis
s__CAG-273 sp944392455
s__2-02-FULL-52-10 sp001805655
s__CAMPYH01 sp946998225
s__JAUIHT01 sp030432235
s__Sporosarcina sp947644645
s__Ferruginibacter sp017988335
s__PRO5 sp019455285
s__CALDYW01 sp937944395
s__JAADFL01 sp013152945
s__RGIG7089 sp017453485
s__JABDGH01 sp903970275
s__JAMCXQ01 sp023474835
s__Tenuifilum sp020722565
s__UBA4951 sp024408235
s__UBA929 sp002293625
s__JAFAXE01 sp019241305
s__Ramlibacter koreensis
s__UBA4421 sp913051785
s__Spongiisocius sp028821265
s__CAISKJ01 sp903885885
s__Aquella sp018061465
s__Herminiimonas sp001464355
s__Parafilimonas sp019247895
s__Chryseobacterium jejuense_A
s__GCA-002790365 sp002790365
s__HXMU1428-3 sp021604645
s__CAG-194 sp015056905
s__Undibacterium sp016200845
s__CAIWGR01 sp947496715
s__Dysgonomonas sp010501055
s__WKFJ01 sp014872785
s__Argonema galeatum
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii_P
s__Vibrio japonicus
s__RGIG7300 sp017547545
s__UBA3015 sp016876055
s__Ureibacillus sp005491425
s__Sphingomonas sp000241485
s__Treponema_D sp017386165
s__Microbacterium sp029239165
s__JAKBAM01 sp025499425
s__Onthomorpha sp017632095
s__Phaseolibacter flectens
s__JACRGU01 sp016212245
s__UBA1213 sp947629295
s__Waterburya sp015207195
s__Burkholderia sp003853705
s__C7867-002 sp028865615
s__Acinetobacter sp027568475
s__Stenomitos nudus
s__CF-82 sp005879815
s__UM-FILTER-38-24 sp030688025
s__AG-422-B15 sp902580665
s__JABDCN01 sp013288125
s__Pelagibacter giovannonii
s__Limnohabitans_A sp015657605
s__JAEINW01 sp027858735
s__CAG-302 sp946611235
s__Limimorpha sp902780055
s__Aeriscardovia aeriphila_A
s__Nostoc sp020829485
s__BS750m-G78 sp016782495
s__Flavobacterium ammoniigenes
s__UBA9848 sp945910645
s__Myxococcus sp026626705
s__CAG-269 sp949288185
s__Sphaerochaeta sp001603115
s__Desulfobia pelagia
s__Sulfurimonas sp027056685
s__Aquifex aeolicus
s__CAJBBX01 sp026392115
s__RUG806 sp902796175
s__RBG-13-46-13 sp001791995
s__Akkermansia sp021202525
s__JABABH01 sp014238325
s__Shewanella sp022398325
s__CAG-269 sp930989765
s__Limiplasma sp012729115
s__JAJRUE01 sp026984895
s__Nesterenkonia natronophila
s__UBA8904 sp002347685
s__Lysobacter terrigena
s__Paenibacillus rhizophilus
s__HGM11367 sp937895935
s__Pelagibacter sp902596375
s__Methylophilus rhizosphaerae
s__PGYV01 sp029565735
s__Rhizobium sp002531825
s__CAILUF01 sp014190355
s__Kineothrix sp023412855
s__Anaerosolibacter carboniphilus
s__JAHJRZ01 sp026397195
s__UBA9655 sp019750035
s__JAFKFH01 sp023433835
s__UBA8316 sp913030895
s__Oscillibacter sp003245395
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902548045
s__JANWZD01 sp026003895
s__Nocardia sp000482385
s__HS-T3 sp000829755
s__Peribacillus sp003429085
s__Faecousia sp002362625
s__Tepidimonas alkaliphila
s__Bacteroides_H sp010501015
s__QQUK01 sp024280215
s__PMMR1 sp000733915
s__Prevotella ruminicola_A
s__JACQXW01 sp016208535
s__Aquitalea magnusonii_C
s__Bulleidia sp937895985
s__JAJDTT01 sp022827025
s__SIG450 sp015068525
s__SZUA-309 sp030425195
s__Propionivibrio sp017995515
s__Psychrobacter cibarius_C
s__UBA1217 sp946401725
s__Treponema_F sp937876905
s__UBA927 sp016214885
s__RGIG8482 sp948434985
s__Bacillus_A sp028401955
s__Nitrotoga sp927904885
s__Amycolatopsis benzoatilytica
s__Collinsella sp905193635
s__Sediminibacterium sp026391125
s__GWF2-44-16 sp001803225
s__Pelagibacter sp902515985
s__JAAGZN01 sp024206165
s__Aquabacterium sp029268225
s__Streptomyces sp001905845
s__Succiniclasticum sp017405945
s__Fibrobacter sp002391195
s__UBA2475 sp023433205
s__CANPXH01 sp947589665
s__B79-G16 sp003647645
s__SIG440 sp017503225
s__Methylobacterium terricola
s__Steroidobacter_A sp946478975
s__Fusobacterium nucleatum_D
s__CAIXDN01 sp020854265
s__Smithella sp022710585
s__Fen-1038 sp021796155
s__Limivicinus sp024685535
s__Microbispora_A oryzae
s__Mobilitalea sp023414985
s__Kitasatospora kaniharaensis
s__JANTFJ01 sp024763495
s__Nocardia exalbida
s__CAITNM01 sp947499175
s__Luteimonas_D granuli
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003221035
s__Marinagarivorans sp947494095
s__GWF2-33-9 sp937995785
s__CAMLFJ01 sp946479205
s__VFJZ01 sp009885805
s__Janthinobacterium sp028595325
s__Lentibacter sp025751535
s__Pueribacillus sp937983115
s__UBA1181 sp937907165
s__CAG-465 sp944386635
s__Sulfurimonas sp016735225
s__Aerophobus profundus
s__Bacillus_BU sp012843265
s__CAMFLX01 sp945957555
s__Jutongia sp947589315
s__UBA4421 sp012269545
s__Streptomyces sp019774615
s__Lentihominibacter sp934247125
s__Streptococcus oralis_CE
s__JANQSP01 sp028819305
s__UBA3054 sp017557885
s__Firm-10 sp934631025
s__JALUWO01 sp027019405
s__SURF-55 sp020063185
s__Haliovirga abyssi
s__Niallia circulans_B
s__Ornatilinea apprima
s__GCA-2748355 sp002748355
s__Oribacterium sp916438775
s__Propionivibrio sp031276375
s__RGIG4608 sp017628875
s__GCA-2732015 sp002171495
s__Massiliimalia sp944382885
s__Chryseobacterium ureilyticum
s__GWE2-51-13 sp023249475
s__NIC37A-2 sp012514535
s__HGM05376 sp017560705
s__Anderseniella sp013041995
s__UBA1858 sp938074525
s__GCA-020356105 sp020356105
s__JAEZHK01 sp029974035
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp023229795
s__CAIJXB01 sp903824495
s__RUG13583 sp017645945
s__WRMH01 sp009776905
s__Roseibium litorale
s__Lutimaribacter sp021767525
s__Methylobacter sp015476545
s__HIMB30 sp902541775
s__Qipengyuania proteolytica
s__JAUIBF01 sp030428125
s__JAHCIT01 sp026129095
s__JAJCZZ01 sp937136445
s__Tsukamurella sp023168325
s__MESE01 sp001770855
s__Aphodosoma sp024399575
s__UBA3207 sp937902735
s__Phenylobacterium sp020852035
s__Lawsonibacter sp947623745
s__Versatilivorator sp028875575
s__GCA-2721105 sp002721105
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003211115
s__Gallionella sp028707275
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902780985
s__Mesorhizobium sp024519675
s__Rivihabitans sp937871815
s__JANYFH01 sp026786225
s__CAIULK01 sp903899885
s__SMXR01 sp022568115
s__Pedomonas mirosovicensis
s__Neobacillus renqingensis
s__Rubrivivax sp023657425
s__Phytoplasma sp030586845
s__Butyribacter sp022766515
s__Gallionella sp002429165
s__Firm-07 sp017625065
s__UBA952 sp021299335
s__JALYSK01 sp030854405
s__UMGS902 sp934474225
s__JAADDB01 sp013154135
s__Palsa-739 sp025964535
s__QVMH01 sp010501035
s__Treponema_D sp017468745
s__JACQXX01 sp016208495
s__JAJFHB01 sp021775795
s__Agrococcus pullicola
s__Vibrio sp028201475
s__Akkermansia sp947632055
s__Treponema_D sp937915735
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp902523635
s__GCA-020344555 sp030616775
s__SLTB01 sp020832055
s__JACPQP01 sp016190465
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902532595
s__JAAUSE01 sp938017575
s__Lacinutrix sp023299985
s__Erginobacter sp003561965
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp903833025
s__Desulfobacca sp016874895
s__GCF-002002485 sp029852775
s__GCA-2774365 sp002774365
s__JAGOOP01 sp025453435
s__Catenovulum agarivorans_A
s__JACQYB01 sp016208415
s__Clostridium sp009928485
s__Desulfobacillus sp016868295
s__PLanc-01 sp001603075
s__GCA-016699445 sp016699445
s__Streptomyces sp026420845
s__HGM10766 sp947629935
s__JAHDCD01 sp020630095
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_H
s__Thermosyntropha sp017656155
s__Limnohabitans sp947456305
s__Nonomuraea sp013362835
s__JACRCG01 sp028686145
s__Luteimonas_D sp014192745
s__Caccopulliclostridium sp944345545
s__SZUA-178 sp003229755
s__Geothrix edaphica
s__Halomonas sp024636705
s__Qipengyuania sp025736935
s__Dyadobacter alkalitolerans
s__Pedobacter polaris
s__Marinobacter sp002718255
s__Roseibacterium sp001314805
s__UBA5066 sp937864895
s__Endomicrobium sp031279415
s__RGIG3925 sp017481495
s__Arctic95D-9 sp020630835
s__SZUA-309 sp003228415
s__JAAYML01 sp012518815
s__Jannaschia faecimaris
s__JAFGQY01 sp016935395
s__GCA-2707915 sp902517565
s__Streptomyces sp013044505
s__Bradyrhizobium xenonodulans
s__AWTP1-31 sp937903325
s__REEB80 sp028873515
s__Pontibacter aquaedesilientis
s__Finegoldia sp029983915
s__Chitinophaga sedimenti
s__JAJXYP01 sp021780545
s__Pelagisphaera sp951813085
s__Nitrotoga sp003402315
s__Coprosoma sp944329355
s__CSBr16-58 sp020832345
s__JAISMF01 sp031278795
s__UBA7584 sp017466005
s__WQXN01 sp009784815
s__CADEFQ01 sp902826575
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017460225
s__Curvibacter gracilis
s__Chamaesiphon sp026785875
s__JAAXUP01 sp013335935
s__Ch104c sp025999275
s__MVCY01 sp030669445
s__CAG-196 sp944323255
s__Thiolapillus sp026992075
s__Cellvibrio sp021151825
s__Faecousia sp030533415
s__Palsa-1315 sp030456405
s__Tsuneonella sp007065885
s__JACCYJ01 sp013696555
s__UBA8639 sp021604105
s__Sulfuriferula_A nivalis
s__Aquimarina sp030427585
s__SZUA-378 sp028692055
s__Phaeospirillum sp001511835
s__JAGHBT01 sp021160845
s__Acutalibacter sp947565265
s__Yoonia sp001419985
s__RUG563 sp946626395
s__CF-82 sp005882055
s__Sva-07 sp015767405
s__UBA10988 sp016235455
s__UBA1550 sp016215205
s__Dyella sp016586165
s__TMED112 sp913020145
s__JAPLSR01 sp026398545
s__Ulvibacter antarcticus
s__JAKIZN01 sp022708005
s__Comamonas odontotermitis_A
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030147005
s__JACOVC01 sp018060955
s__FB2012 sp030533265
s__Methylomonas sp002928965
s__JAAZMU01 sp028704295
s__Hansschlegelia methanolivorans
s__JAFGQS01 sp016935565
s__GWA2-66-18 sp016207605
s__JADJOM01 sp937871775
s__JAACFE01 sp030641695
s__UMGS363 sp937926145
s__CAJBVW01 sp030684355
s__CASEPJ01 sp949289715
s__COE1 sp945864145
s__CALGRC01 sp937959315
s__Agathobacter sp021199135
s__JAIOYC01 sp021741325
s__Roseburia sp021770345
s__BSW11-IV sp000447755
s__Streptomyces adustus
s__HRBIN16 sp013314755
s__CAG-269 sp944387435
s__Collinsella sp959019775
s__UBA4372 sp902802815
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949288415
s__JABDCI01 sp013288215
s__UBA3067 sp002366835
s__JAQTMA01 sp028714615
s__JAEZDP01 sp023418055
s__RGIG3009 sp017936615
s__CAG-267 sp023665325
s__JAHDDH01 sp020629455
s__LD21 sp003141415
s__DUPL01 sp012838385
s__Aliicoccus persicus_A
s__Paenibacillus_AE sp031181325
s__Stenotrophomonas sp945952405
s__Acidoferrum sp003224145
s__Rectinema sp002425765
s__Bacteroides sp017471925
s__GCA-2747955 sp027039745
s__JAGORB01 sp018063065
s__Kitasatospora mediocidica
s__Actinosynnema sp021390395
s__JALZKG01 sp030859365
s__Marinilactibacillus piezotolerans_A
s__Sulfidibacterium sp016936505
s__Micromonospora sp020884795
s__JACQQN01 sp016206995
s__Casp-actino8 sp009704425
s__Leifsonia sp001428745
s__Franzmannia salipaludis
s__Bact-08 sp937901965
s__UBA2475 sp018267655
s__Chryseobacterium arachidis
s__JAHFHG01 sp023247035
s__JAANXI01 sp018263365
s__RGIG8482 sp948436025
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp031292525
s__Yoonia sp947497185
s__Xylanimonas sp009783295
s__Chlorobium sp016868665
s__Lysobacter_C antarcticus
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp002794355
s__Blautia_A sp021443885
s__M0603 sp023954635
s__JAQVCM01 sp028689775
s__UBA7971 sp023257935
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025464815
s__UBA9973 sp001787005
s__JALTBU01 sp027035735
s__Faecalimonas sp937896665
s__Arthrobacter sp001641125
s__JAAYKF01 sp028684405
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013286565
s__2-01-FULL-44-17 sp001794195
s__DAOVBK01 sp030670605
s__CALYAQ01 sp028701115
s__JAJRYG01 sp024275915
s__JAKLDB01 sp022703745
s__Sphingobacterium sp031286695
s__Kocuria sp031179495
s__Campylobacter_A sp905372745
s__Moraxella lacunata_B
s__Enterousia sp018064405
s__WJMR01 sp014727845
s__Enterousia sp017513285
s__CAG-269 sp946486515
s__Bacteriovorax sp014378525
s__Deinococcus sp946222085
s__Pseudanabaena sp003967015
s__Oceanithermus sp026985615
s__Neisseria sp030532645
s__CAINNR01 sp026397235
s__Prevotella sp017618275
s__UBA4427 sp024742285
s__PRDV01 sp013815795
s__Viridibacillus soli
s__Ethanoligenens sp003518885
s__Nanosynbacter sp010202115
s__Coprenecus sp949297365
s__Bryobacter sp025356215
s__DAIDHZ01 sp027451585
s__Aquabacterium_A sp025350145
s__SCPY01 sp004299495
s__Bact-19 sp003249955
s__Alloprevotella sp902464615
s__Lysobacter sp902805755
s__CAIMUM01 sp903844685
s__Labilithrix sp022842465
s__Citricoccus zhacaiensis
s__UBA5972 sp013151335
s__Arcobacter_A sp001655195
s__Polaromonas sp002379095
s__Parasynechococcus sp000737535
s__Methyloceanibacter superfactus
s__Variovorax sp001541225
s__JAGONC01 sp022711405
s__UBA2645 sp945900795
s__Lancefieldella sp937990665
s__Rhodoluna sp030831605
s__Flavisolibacter ginsenosidimutans
s__Duncaniella sp023663345
s__DSAD01 sp018434685
s__Agromyces soli
s__GCA-2686765 sp030623425
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946538495
s__Onishia niordiana
s__Sphingomicrobium segetis
s__Endozoicomonas numazuensis
s__UBA1545 sp028689065
s__VGFA01 sp020724185
s__DT-111 sp019634045
s__Brachybacterium sp014897705
s__JAIDVZ01 sp031289835
s__VGOW01 sp016197225
s__Lentihominibacter sp017438285
s__JAGGYK01 sp021162585
s__GWA2-66-18 sp001800005
s__JAHQVR01 sp019634245
s__Puniceispirillum marinum
s__SMXR01 sp004356215
s__RAAP-2 sp027449885
s__CAG-873 sp017621845
s__JAFGJN01 sp029565675
s__VMCP01 sp027488835
s__CALXRO01 sp031269065
s__CAHJWH01 sp903642205
s__Tepidiforma thermophila
s__Streptomyces sp003248315
s__Limnocylindrus sp026389535
s__VGJY01 sp016867235
s__QHBO01 sp003243965
s__SURF-23 sp003599505
s__J111 sp003694775
s__Onthomonas sp000421005
s__Flavobacterium guanonis
s__JANQOQ01 sp028285755
s__JAHFAF01 sp023250715
s__Palleronia pelagia
s__UBA10329 sp003456455
s__JAJDAC01 sp029262065
s__UBA1067 sp945613785
s__Lactiplantibacillus daoliensis
s__Azospira_A sp019455325
s__JACPKC01 sp016187225
s__TWA4 sp028724245
s__CAKSXP01 sp934511545
s__BS750m-G21 sp016783605
s__Aegiribacteria sp002030045
s__Chelativorans_B sp902809845
s__Elizabethkingia sp003852805
s__JACABE01 sp026391675
s__Pseudoponticoccus marisrubri
s__Chamaesiphon polymorphus
s__SXOO01 sp005776725
s__Aquirhabdus sp030150135
s__Pseudactinotalea suaedae
s__Brevundimonas alba
s__Caccenecus sp944329205
s__Novosphingobium sp025938155
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946414465
s__Bog-366 sp003165615
s__JAJZPP01 sp021811115
s__Paenibacillus sp014844075
s__UBA3839 sp905234555
s__CAG-611 sp934098705
s__Pseudothioglobus sp902512485
s__Acetatifactor sp947644185
s__Palsa-465 sp019240305
s__Azonexus sp030696345
s__Rhodococcus sp004563845
s__Levilactobacillus tangyuanensis
s__WRCJ01 sp031289065
s__CALCHX01 sp937906875
s__Paraburkholderia acidiphila
s__Paenibacillus_I tarimensis
s__JANXSS01 sp025356535
s__CAG-115 sp015067375
s__C7867-001 sp018971265
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902488725
s__Pseudoalteromonas xiamenensis_B
s__JABMOV01 sp013203145
s__Berkiella sp018241965
s__UBA11346 sp022841245
s__Cryobacterium sp014376815
s__Treponema_D sp946538795
s__JAKIZO01 sp937127445
s__VGCI01 sp945877185
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947575475
s__Luminiphilus sp913063005
s__JABJJH01 sp016764135
s__VAYN01 sp946479725
s__RGAU01 sp030828335
s__Dysgonomonas sp937995835
s__QHXN01 sp020200135
s__Leptospira_B koniambonensis
s__Anaerostipes sp018381315
s__Streptomyces cyaneogriseus
s__JASJAR01 sp030066905
s__Sulfurospirillum sp019162915
s__SZUA-117 sp905480255
s__RF16 sp934725535
s__Edaphobacter sp009765835
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023100945
s__Caldicoprobacter sp017577715
s__JAUVDT01 sp029882215
s__UMGS775 sp003343995
s__JAUJMY01 sp030446625
s__Campylobacter_B sp938045465
s__RBG-16-54-18 sp001797935
s__Cryptosporangium phraense
s__Rodentibacter_A heylii_A
s__OMII01 sp017853915
s__Paracraurococcus aquatilis
s__Porticoccus sp023263825
s__Flavobacterium sp009826935
s__Sulfurovum sp026193735
s__WQVC01 sp009786685
s__Micropruina sp018055925
s__Mogibacterium_A sp030525365
s__Caenarcanum bioreactoricola
s__AG-337-I02 sp902577905
s__Coprousia sp949288855
s__Pelagibacter sp902542975
s__Variovorax sp901827205
s__UBA1368 sp012511795
s__Porphyromonas_A sp030434245
s__Rhodomicrobium sp018619475
s__Lolliginicoccus lacisalsi
s__MLS-D sp002030015
s__UBA1384 sp017992655
s__Amylibacter sp002401045
s__Marinobacter algicola
s__Hyphococcus sp001657385
s__CANRGD01 sp947626565
s__UBA12077 sp022360575
s__SIG694 sp015063795
s__Villigracilis propinquus
s__Amphritea ceti
s__JACPSA01 sp016202525
s__Casp-actino8 sp027491335
s__Runella sp025455795
s__Glutamicibacter sp002979915
s__JAADCZ01 sp015489315
s__Rhodoferax sp017948265
s__CACZNT01 sp902782635
s__Petrimonas sp030538215
s__VGAZ01 sp015711775
s__UBA12077 sp028282585
s__UBA2463 sp030828265
s__Sphingomonas sp026167545
s__CAJCHQ01 sp903970295
s__Hyphobacterium indicum
s__Nakamurella endophytica
s__C7867-001 sp019744845
s__MVCY01 sp030608245
s__Synechococcus_C sp003211205
s__CAIXSE01 sp903921965
s__RUG12999 sp902783995
s__UBA737 sp017537195
s__Nitrosomonas marina_A
s__Dysgonomonas sp031263965
s__Gp1-AA124 sp003225595
s__Lactiplantibacillus sp002970915
s__SZUA-430 sp017983635
s__Psychroserpens sp000688335
s__RGIG5669 sp934699415
s__SZUA-226 sp029261395
s__Akkermansia sp015062015
s__CASFII01 sp949294735
s__Paracoccus contaminans
s__QEUY01 sp946885925
s__Enterousia sp947169505
s__Thermanaerothrix daxensis
s__Faecousia sp902795195
s__Sanguibacter suaedae
s__JAAYHT01 sp012523915
s__Sideroxyarcus sp030823965
s__JANYKG01 sp025358205
s__VXMF01 sp022825595
s__Chersky-265 sp028287505
s__Allosphingosinicella sp004135585
s__CAG-269 sp902760765
s__AG-337-I02 sp902619045
s__NBLI01 sp002084535
s__Cellulomonas sp011603975
s__Roseibacterium sp019800885
s__Choladousia sp029225485
s__Pedobacter kyungheensis
s__Litorihabitans aurantiacus
s__Psychromonas sp013619145
s__JAJDNW01 sp022340465
s__Mycobacterium iranicum_B
s__AR9 sp003221435
s__Epilithonimonas zeae
s__QQUK01 sp024278935
s__Pelagibacter sp902588925
s__DAOVTB01 sp030633305
s__CACIJG01 sp902596985
s__RUG099 sp015058275
s__GWA1-54-10 sp903900775
s__UBA8515 sp903891365
s__Sutterella sp020025915
s__Phenylobacterium sp004799395
s__JAISKG01 sp031275735
s__JABDHB01 sp013288895
s__Sneathiella sp020731145
s__Tyloplasma litorale
s__Roseateles sp027484825
s__Micromonospora orduensis
s__Phytoplasma sp946577115
s__Methylotenera sp020035195
s__Gallispira sp902497185
s__SZUA-152 sp021648485
s__JAJRUS01 sp024277675
s__UBA10133 sp943355005
s__JAHEMU01 sp024643485
s__Acetobacter okinawensis_A
s__Luteolibacter sp023253625
s__UBA6984 sp934726055
s__Bifidobacterium dolichotidis
s__UBA2093 sp014190235
s__Sulfuritortus sp016234655
s__Flavobacterium sp009674775
s__HR10 sp002898775
s__OLB19 sp937975855
s__Komagataeibacter xylinus_D
s__UBA953 sp947465345
s__PGYT01 sp028280855
s__Bordetella_A petrii_C
s__Heyndrickxia sporothermodurans_A
s__Rhodococcus sp017168335
s__CAIQDX01 sp028877045
s__Metaruminococcus caecorum
s__JACOSU01 sp016178685
s__Saccharomonospora paurometabolica
s__Thermus igniterrae
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp023384005
s__Alistipes sp022511345
s__Sulfuricurvum kujiense
s__UBA2093 sp937927625
s__Faeciplasma sp021203065
s__UBA2966 sp021296255
s__PALSA-600 sp030774175
s__Taurinivorans sp020024815
s__JACRIB01 sp016235895
s__JAHWKO01 sp019347855
s__UBA4844 sp012839665
s__Microbacterium indicum
s__JAISTO01 sp031272575
s__AR5 sp005887895
s__Rhodanobacter sp012270595
s__WRAD01 sp009780065
s__UBA1711 sp024400545
s__JAGNHB01 sp018001935
s__Micromonospora rhizosphaerae
s__Vreelandella llamarensis
s__Nocardioides sp026786275
s__Pseudomonas_E sp017886405
s__JANSYP01 sp024742405
s__UBA4372 sp902801485
s__Mariprofundus sp030951095
s__Roseinatronobacter sp017510335
s__Muriicola sp947258935
s__UBA9715 sp017511465
s__SICD01 sp023246655
s__JAHRAO01 sp020027215
s__QALR01 sp937898155
s__UBA11606 sp016845585
s__JACCES01 sp029265795
s__JABGSX01 sp018647505
s__Eubacterium_F sp024697885
s__UBA2979 sp022450425
s__JAPUGB01 sp030614035
s__Lepagella sp014800845
s__MB11C04 sp002694035
s__UBA11682 sp020426595
s__GWA2-31-9 sp001768155
s__Faecivivens sp017396055
s__CANPXH01 sp947628755
s__PALSA-1196 sp003140135
s__Microbacterium sp030149085
s__Albidovulum inexpectatum
s__Caldithrix sp024278715
s__Oligella sp012518515
s__LD21 sp903844815
s__Sulfurimonas autotrophica
s__Porphyromonas sp000768875
s__UBA7067 sp002493755
s__CAKSXP01 sp934515035
s__JACCTI01 sp013694945
s__Methylotenera sp002842285
s__Streptococcus ovis
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp026395295
s__Mesobacillus boroniphilus_A
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029213005
s__FEN-1088 sp003161835
s__Limnohabitans sp027924965
s__Quinella sp017614505
s__SIG589 sp017424125
s__UBA710 sp947039505
s__Collinsella sp902482035
s__Bhargavaea massiliensis
s__SM23-73-3 sp020341875
s__NIES-981 sp024346135
s__JAUXAW01 sp030619715
s__WRMR01 sp009776995
s__UBA9973 sp023701005
s__E44-bin10 sp020346965
s__Algoriphagus hitonicola
s__UBA4951 sp949300345
s__GCA-2702065 sp019912905
s__Huintestinicola sp018110925
s__UBA2862 sp902778995
s__Pseudoruminococcus sp947627055
s__RGIG529 sp028708585
s__Thermomonas sp025993755
s__Micromonospora tarapacensis
s__UBA4372 sp945788095
s__JAKPCH01 sp029553375
s__Paludibacter sp020049515
s__JACDDX01 sp013816685
s__JAFZMK01 sp017553285
s__JANWKQ01 sp025451295
s__OLB17 sp936914845
s__SCRE01 sp004297935
s__HGM04593 sp017546785
s__JAHEDH01 sp024641285
s__Ectothiorhodospira shaposhnikovii
s__Qipengyuania sp009993605
s__GCA-002718515 sp002718515
s__RGIG4079 sp017555085
s__JAJZCP01 sp021846065
s__Agromyces cavernae
s__CALMGO01 sp937863625
s__UBA2199 sp018262835
s__REEB509 sp018971945
s__UBA4372 sp021443415
s__JAFGRT01 sp016935015
s__Mangrovitalea sediminis
s__JAUXGQ01 sp030621975
s__JAHEFX01 sp024639975
s__Xenococcus sp030065615
s__BOKV01 sp022340185
s__SYBY01 sp024666565
s__Occultella glacieicola
s__JABMPJ01 sp016783675
s__QNFK01 sp003645495
s__Moheibacter sp023388015
s__Allorhizobium sp021729845
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902573335
s__Demequina sp016278775
s__Lactobacillus sp007570935
s__B1 sp018883485
s__JANQIO01 sp030066555
s__JAUHWL01 sp030424545
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp002928875
s__Lactovum sp031285775
s__NK4A144 sp024692715
s__UBA2020 sp030682495
s__AG-402-N21 sp902587615
s__FEB-7 sp019449455
s__Mycobacterium sp020172685
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947302175
s__Sulfuricurvum sp019163035
s__UBA1067 sp024694365
s__IMCC26207 sp947473395
s__JACESU01 sp013911655
s__Nitrosomonas sp016721865
s__Nitrospira_D sp016788465
s__PNKC01 sp013822275
s__Rhodoluna sp028868975
s__UBA4996 sp002396805
s__Wolbachia pipientis_A
s__Acetatifactor sp947625675
s__Coproplasma sp022508245
s__Pseudohongiella sp030696315
s__Desulfobulbus sp019163135
s__RGIG3135 sp017440565
s__Palsa-739 sp019683855
s__Ga0074137 sp001464715
s__Caulobacter segnis_C
s__Faecousia sp017506735
s__Beggiatoa alba
s__Isachenkonia sp007134725
s__MONJU sp027024025
s__Sphingomonas mali
s__UBA6770 sp937121175
s__Sandaracinobacteroides sp003248865
s__Azospirillum sp003116035
s__UBA2589 sp938030915
s__Phenylobacterium sp018241625
s__RAAP-2 sp025463285
s__JACMOA01 sp025359705
s__Dysosmobacter_A hominis
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp944384255
s__JAKALE01 sp021813305
s__Rhodothermus sp026989375
s__JARFPW01 sp029863105
s__Flavihumibacter fluminis
s__Streptomyces sp024435355
s__PWMO01 sp007693485
s__Seleniivibrio sp021209385
s__CAIKXV01 sp021298815
s__JAEZQY01 sp023441055
s__CALWJF01 sp944380935
s__Demequina sp913055775
s__Novosphingobium sp030830245
s__JAHFUA01 sp023265315
s__JAGWAJ01 sp026707615
s__Aquabacterium sp943908475
s__AEGEAN-183 sp022447025
s__Flavobacterium sp019752245
s__Mycobacterium sp019247635
s__Flavobacterium sp029242675
s__Cupriavidus necator_C
s__M3007 sp016719605
s__Oceanimonas marisflavi
s__JAFEBO01 sp947459215
s__QAMH01 sp902493755
s__JAGDMK01 sp017860635
s__Pelagibacter sp902597695
s__CSSED10-376 sp003557445
s__SIG526 sp947522735
s__Chitinimonas sp027257935
s__DRYD01 sp937927985
s__Cocleimonas sp947495625
s__Planktophila sp945890205
s__Vibrio sp030563405
s__Enterousia sp017650945
s__NK4A144 sp017448845
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016712025
s__NK4A144 sp946616305
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp016870865
s__Sphaerochaeta sp012800465
s__UBA9650 sp003518205
s__Buchnera aphidicola_D
s__UBA967 sp945883435
s__Pseudooceanicola sp002709085
s__SXTU01 sp945874145
s__Avibacterium endocarditidis
s__YB1-3 sp030777325
s__Limimaricola sp027213785
s__SKVR01 sp011390575
s__JAKSSK01 sp024403135
s__Sphingobium sp030824575
s__Blastomonas sp026625625
s__Frigoribacterium sp007954365
s__CAG-492 sp017515985
s__Psychrobacter sp002836715
s__JACQPC01 sp016207695
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018736105
s__Gottfriedia luciferensis
s__JAISKF01 sp031261005
s__Agriterribacter sp946886925
s__UBA2862 sp947165745
s__Limnohabitans_A sp001269345
s__Roseburia hominis_A
s__UBA8346 sp003501365
s__Dysosmobacter sp946183175
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902578315
s__Borkfalkia sp944328665
s__Micrococcus sp030523875
s__DRQR01 sp011371355
s__Pelomonas sp003963005
s__Faecousia intestinigallinarum
s__CAG-628 sp934087065
s__Streptomyces sp003949955
s__Alistipes sp944321755
s__Teredinibacter waterburyi
s__Enterococcus_E stercoripullorum
s__CALMAY01 sp937861125
s__VGZT01 sp016872495
s__UBA2774 sp002352485
s__Polaromonas sp028291985
s__CAIZGX01 sp937897625
s__Saprospira grandis_A
s__Aureisphaera sp028281065
s__UBA7800 sp002704825
s__JAUVVQ01 sp030604525
s__CAMYJZ01 sp947259415
s__UMGS1519 sp030525445
s__Marinobacter zhanjiangensis
s__JADYZS01 sp020853075
s__RUG626 sp947627285
s__Limimorpha sp016285355
s__UBA6053 sp029719485
s__Sulfurimonas sp002733945
s__Pusillimonas caeni
s__JAUVJK01 sp030592425
s__Ornithinimicrobium sp003577095
s__Sphingomonas sp030145815
s__JAKFVC01 sp021732415
s__MVYY01 sp018056165
s__Caccovivens sp947598785
s__Tremblaya phenacola_C
s__Cyanobium sp024345515
s__CADEED01 sp023433515
s__Rhodoferax sp945925985
s__JAUWAR01 sp030601965
s__UBA1752 sp002314835
s__YC2-FULL-38-9 sp002784505
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp947489665
s__JAGORQ01 sp018062705
s__GCA-2693325 sp937942165
s__CAG-475 sp024405515
s__CAJOIG01 sp947625045
s__JAFFZZ01 sp016933915
s__Collinsella sp902482615
s__UBA9214 sp030632175
s__Albidovulum aestuarii
s__UBA3792 sp902790115
s__GCA-2687015 sp024228115
s__Onthomonas sp020861055
s__Paracoccus ravus
s__Halarsenatibacter silvermanii
s__JAGZHZ01 sp944376425
s__JALHMQ01 sp022843955
s__PALSA-457 sp003161575
s__Atopomonas sediminilitoris
s__JAAOII01 sp015163845
s__Kribbella jejuensis
s__Polaromonas sp025362825
s__Clostridium_AR polyendosporum
s__SCSIO-12696 sp030341905
s__B120-G9 sp019038695
s__JAIVJZ01 sp030838445
s__RBG-13-36-15 sp001819145
s__DTOV01 sp026415015
s__WRKP01 sp031282385
s__UBA1248 sp017443595
s__Coproplasma sp947053545
s__JAIQET01 sp020073165
s__Bradyrhizobium cenepequi
s__SZUA-224 sp913009285
s__UBA5216 sp021730905
s__CANFEH01 sp947445855
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea_K
s__Alkalihalobacterium elongatum
s__Vannielia litorea_A
s__Algoriphagus sp013373065
s__Bordetella_C flabilis
s__OLB5 sp025451455
s__JACQUN01 sp016210285
s__Nocardioides rubriscoriae
s__Velocimicrobium sp024698865
s__DRPN01 sp027028505
s__CALEWY01 sp938009905
s__Hydrogenophaga sp001713375
s__Actinotignum schaalii_A
s__UBA1924 sp024280755
s__Anaerobacillus_A hwajinpoensis_A
s__Paenibacillus tepidiphilus
s__Tagaea sp016794005
s__STE-11 sp028697835
s__JAADHI01 sp029261135
s__Sulfuritalea sp022842325
s__CAMDGX01 sp947458025
s__JAGIBJ01 sp030655275
s__JACQDB01 sp016201275
s__UBA11865 sp003519205
s__Ekhidna sp028285685
s__Nonomuraea endophytica
s__Erysipelothrix urinaevulpis
s__NK4A136 sp017471325
s__Bythopirellula sp022448265
s__Porcipelethomonas sp002305725
s__Heteroclostridium sp017505015
s__Microbacter sp017860295
s__Paludibacter sp015654525
s__Flagellimonas sp030427985
s__RUG708 sp017534025
s__JACQJP01 sp016204975
s__RUG760 sp017442735
s__Haloferula sp030431475
s__Sulfurimonas sp021107375
s__UBA2964 sp002719885
s__JAIRLS01 sp031273395
s__Emticicia agri_A
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902609855
s__UBA949 sp002293245
s__Kineococcus vitellinus
s__UBA11704 sp023267635
s__SYFI01 sp016870155
s__UBA2224 sp002348185
s__Streptomyces sp947488945
s__Lutispora sp012842725
s__Lysobacter_C sp023388955
s__Paraliomyxa miuraensis
s__DUMB01 sp023621975
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021781775
s__WQVK01 sp009784025
s__Lawsonibacter sp944385035
s__BACL14 sp024919195
s__UBA1259 sp017457015
s__T3Sed10-241 sp020200995
s__RBC074 sp902825875
s__JAUVUV01 sp030604975
s__Luteolibacter sp017301995
s__Merismopedia glauca
s__UBA10329 sp021741075
s__UBA737 sp015066165
s__BOG-1457 sp003164155
s__UBA9214 sp029860045
s__Hydrogenobacter hydrogenophilus
s__JACDOC01 sp017656295
s__JALZUU01 sp023300665
s__Gordonia sp012515855
s__SZAS-79 sp018241645
s__67-14 sp030835185
s__JANQHS01 sp028282565
s__UBA1259 sp015069625
s__Faecousia sp017416325
s__Limnohabitans sp947452325
s__RF16 sp902783545
s__Porphyromonas sp030528555
s__Cellulomonas sp009720485
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017452265
s__RUG11257 sp017561885
s__Flavobacterium sp020905345
s__Methylophaga sp023488305
s__JAKVCE01 sp022446815
s__UBA2289 sp002345505
s__Mesobacterium pallidum
s__Villigracilis sp016875755
s__Sulfurimonas sp027063215
s__Maribacter_C sp024278565
s__Streptomyces sp024753135
s__JASBRR01 sp030149435
s__CAJXZP01 sp913057875
s__Rhodanobacter sp900142825
s__S016-54 sp015485945
s__Sphingomonas abaci
s__Nostoc_B sp018993265
s__UBA9959 sp028713125
s__RUG695 sp017652805
s__HRBIN36 sp025060195
s__JAGLQQ01 sp030630245
s__UBA2450 sp947164155
s__Domibacillus iocasae
s__Alkalicoccus sp007692495
s__JAISQV01 sp031273985
s__Novosphingobium sp020446575
s__Arthrobacter sp001428335
s__JACCWP01 sp029266455
s__BOG-234 sp030776225
s__DAOWEV01 sp030638325
s__JABSOQ01 sp013216195
s__Alkalibacter rhizosphaerae
s__M30B53 sp029978905
s__UBA4844 sp012729715
s__GCA-002282575 sp020726325
s__UBA9973 sp023267195
s__HGM05398 sp937898265
s__RGIG4103 sp017467445
s__Sulfurovum sp019972135
s__JACKIG01 sp020638595
s__Pseudohongiella spirulinae
s__Streptomyces lilacinus
s__UBA1188 sp905235635
s__JANQSA01 sp028284285
s__Halioglobus maricola
s__Allostreptomyces psammosilenae
s__CALXEN01 sp944386495
s__CAIZGX01 sp947488195
s__Vaginisenegalia massiliensis
s__FB2012 sp946613705
s__Flavobacterium sp022012335
s__MM2 sp031277395
s__UBA1234 sp017469565
s__IH12 sp017792365
s__Psychrobacter sp947495055
s__Methylotenera_A sp011391175
s__NP-4 sp005882335
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030692765
s__CALHPI01 sp937934285
s__Geomonas sp003490025
s__UBA3766 sp024681795
s__UBA6144 sp027486525
s__Vagococcus_D proximus
s__UBA6857 sp947305635
s__XYD2-FULL-41-16 sp016235875
s__JAJRQE01 sp024280415
s__Coproplasma sp029061155
s__SLSY01 sp007130145
s__Cellulomonas sp023461115
s__Cellulosimicrobium cellulans_F
s__Halopseudomonas pertucinogena
s__Catenovulum maritimum
s__G020351775 sp020346845
s__SFTH01 sp004557125
s__M55B144 sp027007005
s__Rhodoferax_C sp936943465
s__Reyranella sp945952105
s__Vannielia litorea
s__UMGS1865 sp017451915
s__Corynebacterium urogenitale
s__CAKPQL01 sp947632145
s__UBA3282 sp017623295
s__UBA5352 sp029821635
s__GCA-2402195 sp013298405
s__CAMCVV01 sp945881905
s__UBA1732 sp016285335
s__SLOZ01 sp003559095
s__Zeimonas sp024711155
s__Leptospira ainazelensis
s__AG-409-J19 sp003215635
s__UBA1096 sp030747605
s__JAHEXQ01 sp023252035
s__JACCVN01 sp013698165
s__Chryseobacterium sp003663845
s__Solidesulfovibrio carbinoliphilus
s__DDPF01 sp947477015
s__RGIG8164 sp017617065
s__CAIXMG01 sp903873095
s__Avelusimicrobium sp937891135
s__JAADHP01 sp013151785
s__Flavobacterium sp947472705
s__Lepagella sp029060585
s__Collinsella sp900551605
s__RF16 sp017443145
s__UM-FILTER-43-11 sp002792495
s__Onthocola_B sp947588765
s__Aureimonas sp029813115
s__Marinobacter oulmenensis
s__Maricaulis parjimensis
s__Geomobilimonas sp019972315
s__Ga0077527 sp945862135
s__JACFNC01 sp019455065
s__UBA2383 sp020444905
s__Streptococcus oralis_CF
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp016786925
s__Neisseria sp927911515
s__Faecousia sp902475855
s__Natronospira sp007133205
s__UBA4372 sp017547165
s__WQXQ01 sp009781475
s__Clostridium_B sp004006395
s__Gallimonas sp947624965
s__SZAS-17 sp018239895
s__SZUA-3 sp030430675
s__CACNYO01 sp902596665
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp946997535
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sediminis
s__Eubacterium_J sp949457475
s__JAADJA01 sp030596605
s__Collinsella sp905215765
s__Xenophilus azovorans
s__VGJU01 sp016867335
s__Mxb001 sp030827125
s__Psychrobacter sp947495825
s__Arthrobacter_F mangrovi
s__RYN-122 sp030773675
s__UBA5976 sp021742025
s__NK4A144 sp905236275
s__Collinsella sp959023295
s__Wujia sp017469405
s__UBA9973 sp028718635
s__Dactylosporangium sucinum
s__Hymenobacter sp013256625
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp028141225
s__Leptospira_B fainei
s__Prevotella sp017443345
s__UBA1783 sp017442805
s__SCUD01 sp016882265
s__Arthrobacter_F sp025960875
s__UBA5536 sp018399335
s__JAPWUW01 sp028275325
s__FEN-1173 sp003158755
s__VGEI01 sp022843945
s__HTCC2207 sp029250825
s__JAGHBS01 sp021160865
s__Faecousia sp946006895
s__Caenibacillus caldisaponilyticus
s__Malonomonas sp013152145
s__Flavobacterium album
s__Arachidicoccus sp028283605
s__HGM05190 sp022511505
s__CAKSJY01 sp934464585
s__B48-G9 sp003644395
s__UBA1205 sp017618435
s__Veillonella sp902478055
s__SZUA-584 sp023408075
s__Sediminibacterium sp028875955
s__Formosa sediminum
s__Sphingomonas sp946479505
s__JAGIBJ01 sp031119595
s__UBA4372 sp947166655
s__GCA-2746155 sp002746155
s__RGIG9099 sp017560225
s__SKGZ01 sp007117175
s__WQUV01 sp031262695
s__Alteromonas sp017794925
s__Magnetocorallium paracelense
s__Jiella sp026898155
s__DUPI01 sp012521575
s__JAOTVO01 sp029863355
s__JALSMD01 sp026987855
s__Mycoplana rhizolycopersici
s__CAKRHR01 sp022770525
s__Mycobacterium hodleri_A
s__JAJFUB01 sp021372615
s__UBA7692 sp002482725
s__OCS116 sp013214985
s__WLNJ01 sp026392255
s__Aeromicrobium sp001426755
s__UBA1424 sp012971835
s__UBA8515 sp017992215
s__Bradyrhizobium sp009766005
s__CAG-582 sp934095845
s__Pristimantibacillus sp001428245
s__Limosilactobacillus sp934202705
s__CAKPPA01 sp934177025
s__Flexicrinis sp025454725
s__Spirosoma montaniterrae
s__Methylobacterium sp022829285
s__Wenyingzhuangia heitensis
s__Mycoplasma_O mahonii
s__Cryosericum sp026390215
s__NK4A144 sp024683935
s__Puia sp018266455
s__WQXQ01 sp031254315
s__Niabella pedocola
s__Reyranella sp030651995
s__Pseudothioglobus sp028345055
s__UBA3633 sp017542725
s__Solimonas soli
s__JJ008 sp947458335
s__OLB17 sp016789145
s__RGIG1918 sp017396695
s__CAMCTV01 sp947464415
s__Variovorax sp016082275
s__NBLH01 sp027083715
s__JALHOE01 sp022843175
s__Gallimonas sp947587775
s__Streptomyces sp020740535
s__Ellagibacter sp030540225
s__HIMB59 sp902539635
s__Pelagibacter sp913043015
s__Streptococcus sp905221085
s__Akkermansia sp947588645
s__AAA536-G10 sp902592615
s__UBA6016 sp937973585
s__JAAZNO01 sp016931315
s__CADEED01 sp023457495
s__Zrk34 sp014873095
s__JAHWKI01 sp019347975
s__CAIXDN01 sp021413945
s__Erysipelothrix sp012727815
s__Flavobacterium laiguense
s__Pokkaliibacter sp029846635
s__G020350885 sp020350885
s__UBA1067 sp017628025
s__GCA-958296115 sp958296115
s__CAKRRK01 sp934395135
s__Aureibaculum sp947494325
s__DT-14 sp013216135
s__JACQBC01 sp024641475
s__Exiguobacterium aurantiacum_B
s__PXTQ01 sp003022505
s__SZAS-6 sp018239705
s__Variovorax sp003852515
s__JAAFHB01 sp903850335
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281315
s__Flavobacterium sp947491985
s__NORP110 sp019090885
s__UBA4132 sp002134785
s__JAAZIZ01 sp012515455
s__SZUA-378 sp023398375
s__Sandaracinobacteroides hominis
s__JAGVPG01 sp020052375
s__Palsa-744 sp025964115
s__Muriicola marianensis
s__CAJVYK01 sp913009865
s__Parasphaerochaeta coccoides
s__PMNU01 sp002952755
s__Devosia oryzisoli
s__Herbidospora daliensis
s__BB26 sp016744575
s__Arthrobacter sp900116495
s__UBA3439 sp028383305
s__Raineya sp025454915
s__JAPORK01 sp026710285
s__UBA6168 sp026993525
s__SZUA-318 sp022340865
s__CALMVH01 sp937873165
s__JAFAYN01 sp019240375
s__RUG11977 sp016290905
s__HGM12619 sp016281805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902797035
s__Lawsonibacter sp017397835
s__UBA4408 sp016721765
s__AG-337-I02 sp902521325
s__UBA4417 sp002389705
s__JABFSS01 sp023245765
s__Proteiniphilum sp012727735
s__UBA2231 sp031082205
s__Termititenax sp031279615
s__Desulfoluna butyratoxydans
s__JAAWPK01 sp947624905
s__Palsa-892 sp021325315
s__Arthrobacter_B sp026898095
s__Desulfocapsa sp030145625
s__JADLGJ01 sp020849375
s__Iodobacter sp025352645
s__Collinsella sp937989875
s__Mycoplasmoides sp019873825
s__Fimimonas sp947625185
s__Anaerolinea sp016213455
s__JAAKFF01 sp011065165
s__SZUA-47 sp003231925
s__Coprococcus sp934247115
s__CALLBE01 sp938001985
s__Emticicia aquatica
s__Palsa-744 sp030151725
s__Nostoc sp020829665
s__JABSSP01 sp013213985
s__CAIKZJ01 sp015657505
s__DSPM01 sp020427345
s__CAITZA01 sp937915285
s__Quadrisphaera sp006335115
s__RUG756 sp946615785
s__Planktophila sp027731885
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp024682455
s__Hallerella sp934700345
s__UBA1188 sp016287865
s__Caballeronia arvi
s__Dyadobacter sp021390515
s__CAG-269 sp947572725
s__MS6 sp019192485
s__JAHFLF01 sp023255625
s__JARGFV01 sp029210545
s__JAAEPW01 sp024232355
s__UBA1067 sp934654805
s__VXRD01 sp026705765
s__Aeromicrobium sp916858655
s__Chroogloeocystis siderophila
s__JAERRN01 sp016735445
s__CADEFD01 sp902826065
s__GCA-2731375 sp027623205
s__Solihabitans fulvus
s__Microbacterium sp031085295
s__Sphingobium sp001556865
s__Herbiconiux sp023264895
s__Nitricoxidireducens sp016214175
s__UBA3067 sp019090565
s__Sporocytophaga myxococcoides
s__NC2004 sp000621905
s__RECY01 sp007693785
s__UBA1446 sp002329245
s__Marivariicella sp002721275
s__UBA6669 sp027490995
s__UBA8904 sp030690945
s__JABDGH01 sp013285645
s__Flavobacterium hydrocarbonoxydans
s__CFX10 sp024434115
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_I
s__Helicobacter_D sp000765675
s__Cognatiyoonia_A sediminum
s__UBA1259 sp017467345
s__JAEUSO01 sp016788605
s__Sulfitobacter sp003352085
s__M30B41 sp022447625
s__G020344415 sp020344415
s__Mycobacterium sp022557175
s__Myxococcus trucidator
s__Arachnia propionica_B
s__Thermalbibacter sp938082375
s__TMED112 sp002690945
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp013002175
s__Kosakonia quasisacchari
s__Nonomuraea terrae
s__GCA-2691245 sp902579395
s__CALJLA01 sp937983055
s__Sphingomonas colombiensis
s__Rhodocytophaga rosea
s__Filimonas effusa
s__Pelagibacter sp902576375
s__JAKPRU01 sp029570205
s__UBA1146 sp002711105
s__JAFDCJ01 sp945787595
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp023423415
s__Stackebrandtia excrementipullorum
s__Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens_E
s__W589 sp011171075
s__AA152 sp003222305
s__JACOZW01 sp016181145
s__JAFUXM01 sp017445205
s__UBA737 sp017623315
s__Herpetosiphon giganteus
s__JACRNJ01 sp016219285
s__Microbacterium sp031277885
s__Paenibacillus sp927443375
s__UBA11096 sp030549905
s__Roseburia_B sp948468325
s__JACYME01 sp015272155
s__Moritella yayanosii
s__JAPLLA01 sp026387795
s__Bacteroides sp031261785
s__JAITXK01 sp031272095
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021798335
s__Allorhizobium albertimagni
s__Conchiformibius sp030537065
s__Luteimonas_D sp022637415
s__Albidovulum sp025751575
s__Pseudoduganella sp001425265
s__Paracoccus onchidii
s__Parvibaculum sp019636015
s__Selenomonas sp947097535
s__UBA3774 sp946623295
s__JASGCH01 sp030054245
s__Acetatifactor sp009177215
s__Flaviaesturariibacter flavus
s__Alistipes sp017536605
s__UBA9414 sp003489085
s__Cryobacterium psychrotolerans_A
s__WMHbin7 sp015231795
s__B33-G16 sp019308645
s__AP-15 sp017353855
s__JAEYRA01 sp023421955
s__Thiogranum longum
s__Pelagibacter sp905612495
s__Nanosyncoccus sp013333135
s__RUG12826 sp015055625
s__M55B118 sp018400615
s__Collinsella sp902496275
s__Bradyrhizobium forestalis
s__UMGS1519 sp015062635
s__Pseudalkalibacillus decolorationis
s__Tenacibaculum sp002813915
s__Zwartia hollandica
s__2-02-FULL-52-10 sp030634235
s__AR8 sp016184125
s__Methylotenera sp000799735
s__Paramuribaculum sp023666885
s__RF16 sp024400115
s__QOAV01 sp027067235
s__JAJRXR01 sp029260415
s__JAGGWG01 sp021157605
s__JAUIFW01 sp030430105
s__CAKAHY01 sp916439265
s__JAQGPB01 sp028293265
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902522795
s__ER46 sp009695305
s__Flavobacterium beibuense_A
s__UBA1213 sp947624835
s__Sodalinema gerasimenkoae
s__RGIG5556 sp017507765
s__Desulfosporosinus sp031292075
s__JAIFLP01 sp020049015
s__JAEYGI01 sp023402395
s__JADGNX01 sp017883265
s__SICN01 sp023245775
s__UBA1783 sp002315205
s__JANQHP01 sp028282625
s__RF16 sp905233935
s__Desulfuromonas sp002869685
s__UBA6985 sp946643435
s__RUG626 sp944386185
s__Corynebacterium terpenotabidum
s__UBA9862 sp029778075
s__JACOMS01 sp014324115
s__Caccoplasma sp947589325
s__Serinicoccus pratensis
s__Chryseobacterium sp001456155
s__HRBIN40 sp002898275
s__Bermanella sp029938135
s__SKZC01 sp007127575
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_S
s__Saccharopolyspora sp027853915
s__HXMU1428-3 sp021775425
s__Flavobacterium sp030153045
s__JACVCS01 sp022843565
s__Knoellia locipacati
s__Flavobacterium sp947482805
s__RGIG7773 sp017554835
s__Sodaliphilus sp017483645
s__VEQN01 sp021734945
s__Merdousia sp002405555
s__CAIKAD01 sp903822115
s__Lentihominibacter sp024403155
s__Acinetobacter sp002135415
s__Mycobacterium sp001672895
s__1-14-2-50-31-20 sp002786785
s__Fen-1039 sp025358525
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014851905
s__JAFDVJ01 sp022843305
s__CAG-269 sp944387545
s__Corynebacterium sp030232885
s__CALXGT01 sp944387915
s__RUG099 sp902773835
s__AAA044-D11 sp007280395
s__Carnobacterium_A pleistocenium
s__Sphingomicrobium sp025450755
s__Chryseobacterium sp002835665
s__JAAKFQ01 sp011064725
s__Sulfobacillus_C sp023488565
s__Blautia_A sp934371575
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902595375
s__Lutibacter sp002390165
s__SZUA-3 sp003229495
s__Ruminococcus sp024403995
s__Syntrophosphaera sp029565595
s__Casp-actino8 sp018882725
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp947626725
s__JANXYW01 sp025355835
s__JAOSJM01 sp027494165
s__JACDDL01 sp030860205
s__Lacibacter luteus
s__JAFGUD01 sp016936595
s__RF16 sp017450605
s__M0040 sp024279915
s__JACQPY01 sp016207275
s__Desulfovibrio sp949291675
s__PUNC01 sp003551625
s__Paucimonas sp003537575
s__Prevotella sp017545045
s__JAAYHX01 sp937967955
s__UBA7396 sp019454605
s__JACRGZ01 sp016234155
s__JAALKW01 sp029210265
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881855
s__Chersky-265 sp019509785
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp021776675
s__UBA6107 sp003158355
s__JAOAFT01 sp026416125
s__SZAS-17 sp030681135
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AM
s__Ga0077546 sp021772135
s__JAFTYR01 sp017461315
s__JAFAIN01 sp019236695
s__UBA6099 sp002435745
s__UBA6263 sp002441085
s__JADZEA01 sp020850775
s__SKHV01 sp016938055
s__JAHFHB01 sp023247135
s__UBA2991 sp958295975
s__RAAP-2 sp003158855
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947168825
s__JAIRPN01 sp031265105
s__Acanthopleuribacter pedis
s__CAISOG01 sp903887035
s__JADJXQ01 sp016710335
s__CAG-170 sp016296635
s__C7867-001 sp002773355
s__Desulfuromonas_A versatilis
s__AC2028 sp017617005
s__COE1 sp949948735
s__Caccenecus sp946554525
s__Tharpella sp030641485
s__Oceaniglobus ichthyenteri
s__JAQGHD01 sp028288965
s__Mesomycoplasma_A lagogenitalium
s__Pelagibacter sp902617715
s__Spyradosoma sp024697185
s__Jejuia flava
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp937124575
s__Nitrotoga sp903878125
s__CAG-791 sp900107575
s__Occallatibacter sp021790995
s__JALZFU01 sp030861005
s__JAISWA01 sp031271275
s__UBA2475 sp030681615
s__JAJRZW01 sp026993265
s__Pseudomonas_E benzenivorans
s__Choladousia sp947627645
s__Erythrobacter sp025917005
s__CALXJJ01 sp944388605
s__CALFMN01 sp937879875
s__Devosia_A sp023390785
s__Limivicinus sp017535865
s__Trinickia symbiotica_A
s__Psychrobacter sp947488565
s__NBLH01 sp026988445
s__UBA11452 sp015061565
s__Limiplasma sp017937655
s__JAEUSG01 sp016788315
s__JACPXS01 sp016196415
s__Prevotella sp937995875
s__Sediminibacterium sp937900675
s__SIG578 sp017440545
s__UBA8639 sp021604365
s__Eubacterium_F sp022767895
s__Qipengyuania pelagi
s__Spirillospora rubteroloni
s__Amylibacter sp002469545
s__SKKZ01 sp007123455
s__Archangium violaceum_A
s__Thermospira sp026417555
s__RUG11257 sp021443605
s__Georgenia sp022759505
s__Acidihalobacter aeolianus
s__Acetobacterium woodii_A
s__GCA-2402195 sp023301685
s__Paenibacillus_E sp008017805
s__CAG-605 sp934102255
s__Metamycoplasma auris
s__Streptomyces sp026343255
s__RGIG4831 sp017483905
s__Luteimonas_B lumbrici
s__SKYB61 sp025059995
s__Sediminibacterium sp013289065
s__1-14-2-50-31-20 sp027858595
s__HRBIN39 sp002898955
s__Propionivibrio sp002304785
s__Liberimonas magnetica
s__GCA-002708145 sp002714425
s__Limimorpha sp024400295
s__SHLN01 sp030624805
s__UBA2834 sp946187605
s__UBA1450 sp000990445
s__UBA10649 sp024641635
s__Onthovivens sp949288485
s__Desulfosporosinus sp001516045
s__CAG-873 sp947175585
s__WRGV01 sp009778875
s__Paraburkholderia acidipaludis
s__Draconibacterium sp011620585
s__XBB1006 sp015057115
s__VRUE01 sp946482365
s__CAKQHB01 sp946405185
s__Collinsella sp905214425
s__JAAXHV01 sp012270695
s__JALGUK01 sp029820875
s__UBA2093 sp009702755
s__Faecalibacterium sp944387975
s__RBG-16-64-32 sp001795235
s__Halobacteriovorax_A sp002903145
s__Nocardia sp020176955
s__CACIAM-69d sp001913845
s__JACZVE01 sp022572825
s__Marinomonas shanghaiensis
s__Nocardioides hwasunensis
s__JAKEEQ01 sp022616515
s__JAFGKM01 sp020722825
s__TMED-70 sp002718455
s__Campylobacter_A suis
s__Tunicatimonas sp937884755
s__Paenibacillus sp030815985
s__JAEVLT01 sp024494385
s__Faecousia sp015067845
s__UBA7862 sp009929275
s__HIMB59 sp902526965
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934680015
s__Sporosarcina sp003351785
s__WLND01 sp009726075
s__JAAUPU01 sp012032975
s__JAJPKF01 sp021323865
s__Wujia sp947652735
s__Alloprevotella sp002314875
s__Nevskia sp026398815
s__UMGS1601 sp947589215
s__Collinsella sp958438125
s__Faecousia sp902767395
s__SICB01 sp009691435
s__UBA1924 sp016764015
s__UMGS1484 sp947623215
s__UBA3537 sp002721175
s__M3007 sp016787415
s__Aestuariispira insulae
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp019454705
s__Pseudomonas_E mosselii_B
s__AG-337-I02 sp902600225
s__UBA3073 sp030627085
s__JACADW01 sp017860075
s__Corynebacterium sp002994655
s__Salinisphaera sp017744135
s__Nodosilinea sp012031045
s__Anaerobutyricum sp902767195
s__Leptospirillum sp027323445
s__Thermodesulfobacterium sp030578315
s__Maribacter_B sp016744255
s__AG-337-I02 sp902561355
s__JALSRG01 sp026984915
s__JAHBVL01 sp019637585
s__UBA2834 sp030523715
s__UMGS731 sp949299535
s__Ferrovibrio sp019636075
s__UBA1328 sp024275195
s__Vineibacter terrae
s__JAOZMB01 sp029934515
s__Borkfalkia sp949297575
s__SpSt-315 sp001768125
s__Campylobacter_B gracilis_A
s__Chryseobacterium polytrichastri
s__Sphingomonas_I sp903644055
s__UBA2995 sp022824405
s__Porphyromonas_A sp023388555
s__WRKP01 sp031274385
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947302765
s__Brevundimonas sp017795885
s__Flavobacterium tyrosinilyticum
s__Collinsella sp902493855
s__UBA2645 sp947442475
s__Variovorax sp946478645
s__Prosthecobacter vanneervenii
s__Algoriphagus sp024642365
s__Chlorobium ferrooxidans
s__Pseudoduganella violacea
s__Rhizobium sp900472625
s__JAPUIP01 sp027296925
s__JACPAX01 sp023247955
s__JACQDU01 sp016200955
s__Flavobacterium gelatinilyticum
s__Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens
s__GCA-002787175 sp002787175
s__Sphingomonas sp019635515
s__Pseudoleptotrichia sp938017765
s__Crassaminicella indica
s__Jiella endophytica
s__RUG563 sp017434775
s__Mycobacterium algericum_A
s__Sporolactobacillus sp028765345
s__JAAXVQ01 sp020052235
s__UBA7398 sp009927575
s__E44-bin46 sp020343755
s__Sphingobium sp946886365
s__JAABQT01 sp029865405
s__JACZYI01 sp022571175
s__JAUUYL01 sp030590485
s__JAOARK01 sp025210575
s__JAIORK01 sp021108215
s__JAIRRO01 sp031279125
s__Brevundimonas subvibrioides_B
s__Sulfopaludibacter sp031292755
s__RGIG8050 sp031255215
s__Sediminibacterium sp947457075
s__Streptococcus mitis_DE
s__Pseudooceanicola pacificus
s__UBA5627 sp002419135
s__UBA6249 sp028715785
s__VGTA01 sp016874875
s__JADJDM01 sp016702705
s__Malikia sp026400105
s__Ferruginibacter sp947458275
s__CAMBFR01 sp945861845
s__Acetatifactor sp947588705
s__A9E412 sp030398335
s__Bact-19 sp028686735
s__Halioglobus sp905480565
s__JANQNT01 sp028279445
s__Mongoliitalea daihaiensis
s__Leucobacter sp020096995
s__Methylomirabilis sp028716865
s__Reyranella sp903929895
s__Propionivibrio sp031267455
s__GJ-E10 sp900290295
s__Chryseobacterium sp025154075
s__Thermophilibacter sp949290055
s__CTSoil-075 sp017889585
s__Coprosoma sp944358535
s__Streptomyces formicae
s__Zoogloea sp030157465
s__ELB16-189 sp025455015
s__CAKZRU01 sp937146725
s__M3007 sp019638455
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902535175
s__REEL01 sp007695095
s__Chitinophaga sp019219075
s__JAUYKX01 sp030699055
s__Azospirillum sp023412175
s__TMED14 sp029254375
s__MWBF01 sp029555885
s__Desulfuromusa sp016744595
s__JAHBVK01 sp019637555
s__JAKALS01 sp021813145
s__Prevotella sp946415755
s__Mycobacterium sp025263265
s__JAITII01 sp031278225
s__Rhodophyticola sp028279315
s__CAG-1000 sp029007115
s__CANPVP01 sp947581825
s__Nocardioides exalbidus
s__C7867-002 sp003170325
s__Accumulibacter sp016788495
s__SABY01 sp009928785
s__KM106-2 sp023411225
s__Arachnia sp030532575
s__JAPPLB01 sp027624045
s__Brachybacterium sp023389045
s__Methylibium sp902826655
s__JAITNT01 sp031290295
s__RUG13409 sp017619385
s__WTXA01 sp024635955
s__SIG565 sp017439765
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687635
s__Azonexus sp008933675
s__Sporolactobacillus sp024385605
s__UBA4372 sp021204845
s__Chengkuizengella sp030730905
s__SURF-47 sp003599235
s__HIMB11 sp009920225
s__QHZQ01 sp003224715
s__Pelethomonas sp947589745
s__Mycobacterium sp963378075
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017431945
s__Chromatium minus
s__QWPN01 sp021414115
s__HIMB114 sp008638005
s__Pseudovibrio japonicus
s__RUG666 sp017454425
s__Planktosalinus sp002842575
s__Sphingomonas turrisvirgatae
s__Qipengyuania gelatinilytica
s__CAJXYS01 sp913063035
s__CAIVVS01 sp903909415
s__Spirulina sp011390265
s__Bradyrhizobium sp015624485
s__SPBQ01 sp004525875
s__SHVZ01 sp009694025
s__NaphS2 sp019314425
s__Kribbella soli_A
s__WQXQ01 sp031286205
s__G020346285 sp030605095
s__Desulfocurvus vexinensis
s__1-14-0-10-36-19 sp002772535
s__Epibacterium horizontis
s__MWH-TA3 sp024639965
s__Rivularia sp937884685
s__Lysinibacillus contaminans
s__BS750m-G37 sp016783285
s__UBA7707 sp023435855
s__Planktophila sp030681675
s__Paenibacillus_J bovis
s__2-02-FULL-50-9b sp026396555
s__JAPUIM01 sp027297025
s__Aureispira sp937942475
s__SG8-4 sp005223045
s__Erythrobacter sp019904235
s__Propionicimonas sp016717345
s__Fodinibius sp913056455
s__Bifidobacterium asteroides_H
s__Amylibacter sp938001995
s__Congzhengia sp017396465
s__Romboutsia_C sp015668195
s__UBA5619 sp023249795
s__Streptococcus sp000314795
s__WNWL01 sp009733745
s__WRMH01 sp009786445
s__ER46 sp016871595
s__UBA11873 sp027618655
s__HS-T3 sp011125455
s__JABDCY01 sp013287855
s__Tichowtungia sp020853375
s__Fen-183 sp937888435
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947369085
s__REAG01 sp013297755
s__UBA9973 sp943348755
s__Desulfobacula sp028280105
s__Arthrobacter_F sp946892675
s__Methylotenera sp027310735
s__UBA1213 sp947628595
s__JAGKXB01 sp021151485
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp002402965
s__UBA3207 sp946183335
s__Eperythrozoon_A wenyonii
s__Allosphingosinicella sp030773375
s__JACIYD01 sp014360105
s__Collinsella sp018889955
s__SYFT01 sp013203475
s__Brevundimonas sp023259385
s__Halodesulfovibrio psychrotolerans
s__Streptomyces sp030817355
s__Micavibrio_A sp946481075
s__Firm-07 sp017461945
s__SPCO01 sp016200745
s__UBA10151 sp018816815
s__Sphingomonas populi
s__UBA10908 sp938009115
s__Arcanobacterium pinnipediorum
s__JAJYLM01 sp023489065
s__Puia sp018267615
s__Arctic95D-9 sp023253615
s__Ruficoccus amylovorans
s__Neobacillus cucumis_C
s__JAIQFL01 sp020073365
s__Cognatazoarcus sp020445765
s__JAJDOE01 sp022340345
s__Franzmannia sp014779595
s__JADZEI01 sp020850615
s__JABEVM01 sp030044075
s__Bacteroides_E sp030151845
s__Porphyromonas sp938039215
s__Pseudonocardia sp002262885
s__Pelagibacter sp902545405
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp934462775
s__Limivicinus sp946542465
s__Prosthecobacter sp016795375
s__Breoghania corrubedonensis
s__DRMK01 sp026984715
s__Tabrizicola calidifons
s__MLS-D sp011056825
s__Paraconexibacter antarcticus
s__Rubrivivax sp963205525
s__58-81 sp012523215
s__JAKPKF01 sp028704525
s__Kibdelosporangium banguiense
s__UBA6987 sp902796695
s__Hymenobacter psychrophilus
s__DG-78 sp001303225
s__CAIYYI01 sp903930345
s__Scatosoma sp015069605
s__Flagellimonas ochracea
s__JAFDVJ01 sp029777145
s__GCA-002697625 sp902514225
s__Aliihoeflea sp023389195
s__Nitromaritima sp000372225
s__Afipia carboxydohydrogena
s__UBA3857 sp937913075
s__Ekhidna sp028821635
s__JADFXK01 sp015233055
s__CALVUG01 sp949285455
s__JAKBAE01 sp027449725
s__Halobacillus_A sp024189315
s__Rhodospira goensis
s__BS750m-G65 sp016782755
s__JAMDDL01 sp026392215
s__Qipengyuania sp947331495
s__SL1-B47 sp029976065
s__JAADCZ01 sp026991135
s__UBA7703 sp030695285
s__Propionicimonas sp002841335
s__Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus_A
s__JACTMZ01 sp945878135
s__OM05-12 sp949296575
s__JAGLTQ01 sp030617815
s__SIAQ01 sp009697105
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934667175
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp009699245
s__CADEFQ01 sp902826635
s__M30B80 sp025751475
s__Flavivirga amylovorans
s__UM-FILTER-47-13 sp021775915
s__LCKU01 sp016180435
s__JAHDHB01 sp937959115
s__MEDG-81 sp002689405
s__DAOVGZ01 sp030672115
s__UBA3282 sp947178115
s__Chromohalobacter sp029889905
s__JANXPB01 sp025357545
s__UBA4421 sp902568205
s__Paracoccus sp030538695
s__Pseudolabrys sp016201085
s__JACKPJ01 sp030426445
s__UBA1844 sp945788575
s__JAHIVN01 sp018816645
s__Roseivirga sp028281285
s__NORP312 sp018669945
s__JAHDEO01 sp020628725
s__Polaribacter sp030427865
s__JAPLUA01 sp026397855
s__MHLB01 sp001818895
s__Luteimonas_D sp023423855
s__Roseibium album_A
s__Sideroxyarcus sp020057805
s__Vreelandella subglaciescola
s__Alistipes sp017379895
s__CAIYPG01 sp947467405
s__DAOVQV01 sp030628445
s__CAG-273 sp947623595
s__Pullilachnospira_A sp949286525
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403695
s__Aromatoleum sp001274695
s__JAIVHI01 sp020201155
s__UBA10438 sp016873895
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902610975
s__WVXP01 sp011773445
s__RUG13160 sp017617435
s__Capillibacterium sp012512605
s__SZUA-534 sp003250355
s__UBA9732 sp017632495
s__GCA-2706465 sp002706465
s__B3-G15 sp003648845
s__Telmatospirillum sp013349735
s__S144-5 sp015494005
s__JALZAH01 sp030948425
s__Psychrobacter sp018260445
s__Vulcanococcus sp014654725
s__DTU036 sp012727635
s__J135 sp003694225
s__CAG-590 sp023666975
s__Flagellimonas profundi
s__Amnibacterium sp029846255
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003278895
s__Vibrio sp023634655
s__GCA-2730855 sp902532675
s__Choladousia sp947071365
s__UBA7441 sp003331195
s__CAIXLI01 sp028693775
s__J054 sp030066665
s__JAGOTH01 sp937895685
s__Lutibacter sp030656195
s__UBA11996 sp012965485
s__Pikeienuella sp030424705
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902615715
s__LCBW01 sp000997465
s__R-H-3 sp002198655
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902794895
s__ELB16-189 sp002405445
s__JAFGIE01 sp016929775
s__SCMT01 sp016789405
s__JALZUQ01 sp023301465
s__RGIG990 sp017424105
s__CALJES01 sp029907315
s__JAUYEE01 sp030691545
s__Aliiroseovarius sp002340515
s__CALIVE01 sp938048445
s__Annandia adelgestsuga
s__Confluentibacter sp002280395
s__RUG12867 sp944371445
s__Chitinivorax tropicus
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio alkaliphilus
s__CALAGJ01 sp937892395
s__Mitsuaria sp004210455
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017479205
s__JAPLNB01 sp026693085
s__JACDDX01 sp030856585
s__Thermosynechococcus sp023650955
s__CAIXOZ01 sp903921295
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003279585
s__UBA1712 sp018064425
s__KatS3mg084 sp025999155
s__Arachnia sp938012815
s__PNNG01 sp945874665
s__JALYLC01 sp030774435
s__Phorcysia sp003978805
s__JANKMX01 sp024637045
s__UBA1732 sp902802585
s__JAQTSP01 sp028711205
s__JAGUYA01 sp020061545
s__ELB16-189 sp021300095
s__Xenorhabdus beddingii
s__Spirillospora sp004348735
s__Allopontixanthobacter sp024642545
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060335
s__CAIUPP01 sp903901045
s__GCA-016699975 sp016699975
s__Gallionella sp016195965
s__Gloeomargarita lithophora
s__CAIMNF01 sp027491115
s__Luteimonas_D sp029888045
s__UBA10133 sp001000865
s__JAJGRE01 sp021083345
s__SYFR01 sp016875405
s__Nitrincola tibetensis
s__JABABD01 sp937923735
s__Aquabacterium sp016234775
s__HGM05190 sp022510465
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp937872355
s__SZUA-147 sp003230015
s__Lacunisphaera sp001464505
s__HGM11412 sp015055525
s__Actinopolyspora halophila
s__Thioglobus_A sp029243085
s__RYN-111 sp946479905
s__Amycolatopsis sp023023025
s__UBA12481 sp028707745
s__CANQCX01 sp947593655
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp013285445
s__CAJQQZ01 sp905480445
s__Aminivibrio sp012519165
s__Thiobacillus sp030836725
s__JAKBEU01 sp026395475
s__Draconibacterium sp913060805
s__Ilumatobacter_A sp029263275
s__CALMUP01 sp937894535
s__Marisimplicoccus sp905380995
s__CANMPU01 sp947499755
s__UBA1752 sp947626805
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902761975
s__Nocardia aurantiaca
s__Agarivorans sp023238625
s__Niveispirillum irakense
s__Clostridium_C acetireducens
s__Cognataquiflexum sp023502205
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017405225
s__CADDZO01 sp021323605
s__DAOWEO01 sp030638415
s__JACKAK01 sp020635115
s__Okeania sp010692555
s__JACDEA01 sp013816725
s__Mycobacterium interjectum_B
s__Algoriphagus sp016866385
s__Nocardiopsis_C mwathae
s__JAEYLA01 sp023409435
s__SIG381 sp015055835
s__Roseibium aggregatum_B
s__BM004 sp030621655
s__Desulfallas arcticus
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_AB
s__SURF-28 sp011049495
s__Rhodanobacter sp026193555
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp028293805
s__Pontiella sp003230915
s__Enterocola sp937911235
s__Polaromonas sp002001015
s__JAUVTV01 sp030601305
s__Ottowia sp017437605
s__UMGS1279 sp017622415
s__UBA6140 sp002842435
s__UBA2284 sp937983315
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp002423665
s__SG8-4 sp001303465
s__4484-213 sp002085025
s__Brevundimonas sp001794825
s__38-11 sp030694905
s__GCA-002733185 sp913063255
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009783205
s__MGBC108787 sp947652325
s__Phnomibacter sp947459455
s__Devosia sp018820005
s__RGIG5050 sp017479035
s__PFMI01 sp002785165
s__UBA11373 sp003486285
s__JAPUHH01 sp027297825
s__JAHECP01 sp024641665
s__JANZZE01 sp026419545
s__Bacillus_CE sp016820555
s__Mobilitalea sp023428655
s__Paraburkholderia sp900230185
s__JAHILC01 sp023475715
s__GCA-2749205 sp937890985
s__Faecousia sp944387125
s__UBA1067 sp946610035
s__UBA9933 sp001793895
s__HTCC2207 sp029252555
s__Sporosarcina aquimarina_A
s__Lachnoclostridium sp023410575
s__JAQVCM01 sp008017065
s__UMGS1613 sp947628725
s__34-128 sp003527405
s__Nitrospira_D sp030653545
s__JANWVE01 sp025057675
s__AC-21 sp005883995
s__WGAL01 sp020722065
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp009692015
s__Devosia rhizoryzae
s__JADJEF01 sp945902805
s__Aquimarina sp947495315
s__2-01-FULL-53-15 sp020051815
s__2-01-FULL-38-21 sp025451755
s__Streptomyces pini
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp945882965
s__JAAYNI01 sp012520995
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017561575
s__Faecousia sp944387145
s__Microcoleus sp025362325
s__Buchnera aphidicola_Y
s__CANRDQ01 sp947629395
s__Limivicinus sp002315275
s__Limivicinus sp017545165
s__AUK180 sp021162505
s__CSBr16-57R1 sp030835875
s__JALTWR01 sp027046965
s__UBA6233 sp026387335
s__UBA4720 sp030856845
s__SpSt-227 sp023458555
s__UBA7173 sp902836725
s__JACCXZ01 sp013696745
s__SG8-38 sp024643985
s__Sulfuricurvum sp024637215
s__Geminocystis sp001548115
s__JACPSL01 sp016193285
s__Fimimonas sp947586855
s__Bilifractor sp902797025
s__Microbacterium sp945952435
s__Kribbella sp001984195
s__SIG200 sp947628075
s__CF-13 sp005889395
s__JAIRRO01 sp031272845
s__Onthocola_B sp949292245
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902535185
s__Alkalicoccus chagannorensis
s__CAJOIG01 sp947591105
s__Pedobacter sp023450085
s__NORP259 sp024228395
s__Eubacterium_R sp017463985
s__Sporotomaculum syntrophicum
s__UBA9464 sp003445095
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031289655
s__Spongiisocius sp028821235
s__CAMDOZ01 sp947473445
s__CALCYJ01 sp937905845
s__UBA6244 sp030690365
s__JAUNLX01 sp902489335
s__UBA5861 sp022360445
s__JACRCK01 sp016219065
s__JACPTT01 sp016192645
s__Novosphingobium sp020852455
s__Neomegalonema perideroedes
s__MED-G14 sp902546095
s__QYPT01 sp007280125
s__JAHDGS01 sp020627505
s__JAJTFA01 sp021299635
s__Pelagibacter sp902624345
s__AAA536-G10 sp902539895
s__Brevibacterium sp022712115
s__GCA-002718515 sp014381385
s__JAHQWC01 sp019634025
s__Actinokineospora inagensis
s__Clostridium_AD estertheticum_A
s__JAEZAA01 sp023430625
s__Streptomyces diastatochromogenes_A
s__Collinsella sp934646965
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_N
s__Prevotella sp017458225
s__UBA1179 sp017633615
s__JALYGD01 sp030862025
s__Pelagibacter sp902581405
s__Aulosira brevissima
s__Haemophilus_D sp900755445
s__SZUA-584 sp023436525
s__GCA-012562765 sp012570145
s__Tullyiplasma multilocale
s__Coprosoma sp946625165
s__Desulfallas alcoholivorax
s__Ottowia sp020161215
s__Mesorhizobium helmanticense
s__JABJQG01 sp018663505
s__Onthovivens sp949299335
s__WSZJ01 sp016190145
s__JACREH01 sp016218345
s__JAKFUW01 sp021732545
s__JACCQS01 sp013811975
s__Spirillospora parmotrematis
s__Sulfurimonas sp027083475
s__CAMCQY01 sp947464585
s__Scatovivens sp947428535
s__D2472 sp000307935
s__Thermophilibacter sp944321515
s__Pseudomonas_E mosselii_C
s__SICQ01 sp009691385
s__CAIXRL01 sp025360715
s__Ruminococcus sp016290875
s__Lustribacter caenicola
s__Flexifilum sp010092805
s__JAAZOE01 sp012797915
s__Peptostreptococcus sp027125355
s__Egerieousia sp015060245
s__Bog-756 sp017883075
s__JAPPOJ01 sp028817975
s__JALVPF01 sp027031935
s__JABSQV01 sp013215565
s__RBG-16-39-9b sp001816695
s__Halanaerobium salsuginis
s__PBB1 sp947462175
s__Companilactobacillus pullicola
s__Olivibacter domesticus
s__Caulobacter endophyticus
s__Occallatibacter sp903842065
s__Akkermansia sp949296365
s__UBA1189 sp017542145
s__Kouleothrix aurantiaca
s__Microbulbifer sp029869925
s__JAUHXT01 sp030426925
s__JAUVZD01 sp030602715
s__CAKZQX01 sp937925925
s__Alkanindiges illinoisensis
s__JAGRBY01 sp020433785
s__Devosia_A sp001402915
s__UBA10281 sp902495325
s__Limnohabitans sp903925445
s__UBA5109 sp002746215
s__UBA636 sp017419065
s__MS024-2A sp003130815
s__Paraburkholderia heleia
s__QIAJ01 sp003139975
s__Avilachnospira sp944381505
s__JAHJDG01 sp028711875
s__Paucimonas sp016177875
s__Polynucleobacter sp947459465
s__Psychroserpens sp905479815
s__JAFAVL01 sp019244235
s__DAOWJM01 sp030640325
s__Aphodocola sp945969495
s__UBA3824 sp905233995
s__JACMME01 sp014379205
s__Malonomonas sp947259685
s__Blautia_A sp934394545
s__Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum
s__UBA4572 sp021802325
s__Microbacterium sp005502885
s__Streptomyces liliifuscus
s__Achromobacter sp012928505
s__Rubrivivax sp016704535
s__Methyloprofundus sedimenti
s__PALSA-1004 sp903905655
s__Desulfobia sp030608985
s__12-FULL-45-19b sp001794605
s__Pelagibacter sp902593445
s__Dysosmobacter sp947625655
s__UBA1731 sp017521065
s__Pontibacter pudoricolor
s__Arachnia rhinocerotis
s__Halospina sp007135745
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus_G
s__AC2028 sp017401005
s__JACQLT01 sp016188735
s__Desulfoluna limicola
s__Sulfitobacter sp947502265
s__Methylocaldum sp020723665
s__Sphingomonas asaccharolytica
s__Sphingomonas sp017744835
s__Marinobacter litoralis_A
s__Falsirhodobacter sp000739715
s__Cumulibacter soli
s__CAG-115 sp029068025
s__SHYN01 sp016875665
s__JAAURS01 sp022402525
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp027531565
s__GCA-2732755 sp009827205
s__XYB1-FULL-47-11 sp026396845
s__Polystyrenella sp002702685
s__JAUSGE01 sp030649205
s__Planktomarina sp020629235
s__Nitrospira_C sp002420105
s__Planktophila sp025360085
s__Palsa-465 sp030948805
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288105
s__Vescimonas sp937894515
s__Edaphobacter sp027311125
s__Lentzea fradiae
s__Corynebacterium incognitum
s__Roseinatronobacter sp020832555
s__JAISMH01 sp031276855
s__UBA1924 sp027019265
s__Sphingobium_A sp030148625
s__CSBR16-202 sp007116995
s__CAG-267 sp902763185
s__Prevotella sp002305235
s__JANQJA01 sp028281885
s__UBA4372 sp902783885
s__Pelagibacter sp902578255
s__QWPN01 sp003488325
s__Geothermobacter_A sp002898515
s__MED727 sp902633335
s__Metalachnospira sp021202325
s__JAFAVN01 sp019236675
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp015751965
s__VXYK01 sp026706815
s__Paracholeplasma morum
s__SZUA-3 sp021604845
s__BACL27 sp009923685
s__Halopseudomonas sp012735335
s__PNJM01 sp013821865
s__Rhodoferax_C sp004293725
s__Blautia_A sp902782975
s__Propionicimonas sp031287505
s__Qipengyuania sp029937545
s__Leptospira_A chreensis
s__Sporosarcina sp002743375
s__Aestuariivirga sp026400595
s__UBA937 sp002293455
s__Pelagibacter sp902522115
s__Enterobacter sp913778545
s__Mycobacterium sp030486405
s__Lutimonas sp030633225
s__WGMK01 sp016125095
s__SM23-32 sp001303885
s__GCA-002733185 sp024280145
s__CAINDQ01 sp903847465
s__Pseudanabaena sp016584665
s__JAGHBT01 sp030643145
s__UBA3789 sp902797265
s__Mesorhizobium comanense
s__AG-337-I02 sp902625365
s__JAJYOI01 sp021796215
s__DUPK01 sp029267755
s__JAHZLG01 sp022599995
s__Neobacillus sp001940785
s__JAPPJI01 sp028820405
s__Caccenecus sp947632255
s__UBA11358 sp903917705
s__Pelagibacter sp902617975
s__Pseudohongiella sp004535785
s__Neptunochlamydia sp018399055
s__Arthrobacter sp025452095
s__WQXF01 sp009784985
s__JALYZS01 sp030948745
s__SLOZ01 sp007132255
s__CAIUKX01 sp021300395
s__Azohydromonas lata
s__PGYE01 sp002839505
s__Hoaglandella endobia
s__Eubacterium_R sp946633275
s__Anaeromicrobium sp025210435
s__UBA2112 sp020428185
s__JAIRKH01 sp031254795
s__Leptospira_B saintgironsiae
s__UBA9611 sp022573285
s__UBA8949 sp003451915
s__CACFBG01 sp902564535
s__GMQP-bins7 sp016844515
s__Smithella sp026388535
s__JAHDGC01 sp020627865
s__Fusibacter_A sp001748365
s__UBA1731 sp946631345
s__UBA6078 sp019314085
s__Micromonospora thermarum
s__UBA11872 sp022820025
s__JACQGV01 sp016199375
s__CAG-475 sp947624885
s__Undibacterium sp947466695
s__UBA10906 sp900299045
s__JANXCC01 sp025060395
s__Zobellella_D taiwanensis
s__CADEFT01 sp016789745
s__JAGONL01 sp017993025
s__Streptomyces sp026262575
s__Limimorpha sp024689285
s__Vescimonas sp015068325
s__RDYZ01 sp011390275
s__UMGS1590 sp947254645
s__Corallococcus exercitus_A
s__Rhodoferax_B sp028292075
s__Flavobacterium sp027484705
s__JAUSFE01 sp030649945
s__Pseudolachnospira sp944376945
s__Cellulosilyticum sp023457875
s__JAPWJZ01 sp025934695
s__JAFGFC01 sp016931325
s__RGIG3096 sp017435185
s__GCA-016699755 sp016699755
s__CALDMQ01 sp937917505
s__JAFGKV01 sp016928395
s__Streptomyces sp018614585
s__UBA970 sp945870555
s__DTPU01 sp018007255
s__CAZU01 sp944393725
s__Tsuneonella aeria
s__Microbacterium sp001427145
s__FEN-1257 sp003135995
s__JADLFH01 sp029782335
s__HRBIN21 sp030550395
s__Allosphingosinicella deserti
s__JAEWXG01 sp023396095
s__AG-337-I02 sp902595805
s__JAKRSD01 sp022402535
s__RUG14156 sp944324915
s__Rhodopirellula pilleata
s__Methylophosphatis sp016791115
s__CAG-269 sp947632745
s__CAJYPV01 sp025398155
s__Thaumasiovibrio occultus
s__AB001-6 sp020002265
s__Pelagibacter sp902533775
s__RFZI01 sp009920775
s__Pararheinheimera sp008015325
s__UBA2475 sp020846335
s__Streptacidiphilus anmyonensis
s__WRMR01 sp031274255
s__DSCS01 sp011048995
s__Pedobacter sp029851965
s__Yoonia maritima_A
s__RUG762 sp946405565
s__RGIG426 sp017414965
s__Geomonas bremensis
s__Spiroplasma_A monobiae
s__Planococcus sp007859395
s__Marinomonas piezotolerans
s__JAJYOP01 sp028702365
s__CAIMUM01 sp016930155
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum_A
s__CANMSA01 sp938020445
s__Zemynaea sp002413145
s__CAG-533 sp002438065
s__Rubrivivax sp021300575
s__Ch128b sp020723705
s__G020345765 sp020345765
s__Stammera capleta
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017555965
s__Lientehia dongpingensis
s__Rudaea sp021404785
s__JAHEYG01 sp023251695
s__JACESI01 sp938034375
s__DAHUXN01 sp030037335
s__UBA1550 sp023229865
s__Ferruginibacter sp025357775
s__Pedobacter paludis
s__TOLSYN sp903832295
s__Chordicoccus sp947302185
s__M2410 sp006226415
s__Limnohabitans sp947508145
s__Wocania arenilitoris
s__JANLGW01 sp016763895
s__UBA1547 sp002427805
s__Metallibacterium sp022730075
s__SZUA-426 sp003245635
s__Nocardioides okcheonensis
s__CSP1-6 sp001443385
s__Firm-04 sp017540225
s__C7867-001 sp028286545
s__Novosphingobium sp000876675
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902536065
s__JABDGN01 sp013285995
s__Blautia_A sp028722515
s__UBA2212 sp013334325
s__NK4A136 sp946403625
s__VXPW01 sp022819905
s__Faecalibacter sp900770875
s__GCA-2720195 sp902628335
s__Sulfurovum sp027063305
s__QVMH01 sp949285425
s__Sphingomonas sp025153455
s__JAPOVA01 sp026708385
s__UBA4923 sp012800435
s__Nitratiruptor sp013153095
s__UBA1140 sp902727895
s__Bradyrhizobium lablabi
s__Acidocella sp027451225
s__DP-20 sp016844625
s__RF16 sp017461505
s__Pullichristensenella sp946496415
s__RUG806 sp015066385
s__COE1 sp947175775
s__VGDC01 sp016869895
s__AP-15 sp019241915
s__JAEZQR01 sp030147805
s__GWA2-66-18 sp016182905
s__Thioalbus denitrificans
s__AAA536-G10 sp902578805
s__S015-6 sp028277985
s__Desulfosarcina sp020444075
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp030680235
s__Streptomyces sp024505145
s__GCA-016432425 sp016432425
s__Aquirufa sp013205605
s__UBA4820 sp020722885
s__UBA10103 sp903854215
s__JAKAAZ01 sp021805955
s__DFXE01 sp031284375
s__Rhodoferax sp028714215
s__Leptolyngbya_A ohadii
s__01-FULL-36-10b sp001785725
s__WTBX01 sp030627205
s__Stercorousia sp937898445
s__Amorphus coralli
s__Lacunisphaera limnophila
s__JAISGK01 sp031273705
s__Streptococcus oralis_AB
s__WQXQ01 sp031254365
s__JACKID01 sp020638635
s__UBA6098 sp023145965
s__Pseudomonas_E punonensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902582765
s__RHLJ01 sp003712055
s__JACDEC01 sp013816645
s__Leptospirillum_A sp023480765
s__CACNYO01 sp902529935
s__GCA-2746365 sp016764035
s__UBA6659 sp002455425
s__Fen-1166 sp003142535
s__JABMMZ01 sp963169345
s__Dyella japonica
s__Mycobacterium sp018361265
s__Croceimicrobium hydrocarbonivorans
s__JAUZPY01 sp030705805
s__Novosphingobium sp017745295
s__UBA8290 sp023264085
s__UBA8515 sp021413565
s__Pelagibacter sp014654245
s__Tannerella sp031257565
s__OFTM77 sp029260795
s__Methylophaga sp947259025
s__JAGQWW01 sp937864255
s__Halarcobacter sp004118855
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024741815
s__JAAELZ01 sp024226105
s__Polaribacter sp905480405
s__UBA4735 sp025350745
s__Saccharofermentans sp024684815
s__Rhodoferax_B sp027923965
s__GCA-2706205 sp018663815
s__JAIROE01 sp031268385
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002419965
s__JANXXY01 sp025361285
s__JAAYTW01 sp012517955
s__Luteimonas_D sp020161335
s__Streptomyces sp000721605
s__Virgisporangium aliadipatigenens
s__VGLK01 sp013333495
s__JABDEI01 sp013287145
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020635715
s__Pelagibacter sp902543485
s__Flavobacterium sp002797935
s__JAEUKA01 sp937859535
s__RGIG1668 sp017399685
s__CAKSAY01 sp934438055
s__JAITOS01 sp031289815
s__HRBIN30 sp002898795
s__GWF2-39-15 sp000993565
s__GCA-2401785 sp002401785
s__JAQUNI01 sp028717685
s__UBA4421 sp028281005
s__Leptofilum sp963169155
s__CAG-170 sp934670025
s__SIG78 sp017504585
s__Bog-366 sp030040515
s__GCA-002733105 sp028598975
s__Occallatibacter sp031296215
s__Pelagicoccus sp031127875
s__Bin55 sp022822135
s__Pararheinheimera texasensis
s__2-01-FULL-39-33 sp030650095
s__Rheinheimera pacifica_A
s__Taurinivorans sp947038175
s__JAIRNI01 sp031281515
s__Agromyces cerinus_A
s__UBA6211 sp023229945
s__JAKCDU01 sp028876385
s__JAGVGT01 sp020056965
s__Luteimonas_D sp002798175
s__GCA-2712005 sp021737405
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp013288445
s__JASJBE01 sp030066655
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp030774255
s__UBA3855 sp947627945
s__UBA7477 sp947589355
s__JANWYG01 sp025057015
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017398335
s__Roseococcus sp028291455
s__Streptomyces sp010548525
s__CAMDGX01 sp025352915
s__CALXJL01 sp944388615
s__JADGRA01 sp017881265
s__Halorhodospira neutriphila
s__CAIWVZ01 sp903916245
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017935365
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp017461065
s__JAUSIF01 sp022844205
s__Fimisoma sp029218545
s__UBA6107 sp003501835
s__Curtobacterium sp030363035
s__Piscinibacter caeni
s__JACPRA01 sp023247215
s__Peptidiphaga sp030530685
s__UBA3637 sp017960645
s__Paraburkholderia ultramafica
s__20-14-all-45-10 sp002772325
s__Erysipelothrix tonsillarum
s__Alkalibacillus filiformis
s__B12-G15 sp021163525
s__JAJRQY01 sp024276425
s__UBA956 sp945874895
s__Glycomyces xiaoerkulensis
s__QHBQ01 sp003243865
s__GCA-003244245 sp023252195
s__CAG-269 sp947629995
s__Sodaliphilus sp017557665
s__Aestuariimicrobium ganziense
s__Hyphomonas sp018830285
s__MWCR01 sp014728435
s__Filomicrobium sp021775655
s__UBA6115 sp012521895
s__MWH-TA3 sp030725885
s__VRUD01 sp019456305
s__Tepidiphilus sp016235745
s__AG-337-I02 sp902540265
s__JAFGBA01 sp016933395
s__JAEEHZ01 sp024690965
s__Dyadobacter sp900109045
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030378205
s__Kinetoplastibacterium crithidii_C
s__Planococcus sp023715185
s__Ramlibacter sp030695945
s__JAMPXJ01 sp023700925
s__Parapedobacter lycopersici
s__JAFGMP01 sp021372535
s__CALEMF01 sp937911505
s__JALHSV01 sp018262395
s__Venatoribacter hydrocarboniclasticus
s__JALYLM01 sp030774035
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021789355
s__PUKE01 sp003550425
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947454235
s__Limivicinus sp946629065
s__Pedobacter duraquae
s__JACRDA01 sp020848455
s__Nitrosophilus_A sp027065825
s__Nonomuraea sp021699195
s__CATQHS01 sp958296055
s__CADEFT01 sp018268935
s__PALSA-1335 sp003153355
s__JAFGVL01 sp945897785
s__SXXK01 sp026400835
s__SPCO01 sp004525275
s__CAG-115 sp002425305
s__RF16 sp946617165
s__Lacibacter sp022841365
s__JANQRR01 sp028284465
s__F0422 sp003992005
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902574955
s__UBA4427 sp029941885
s__Novosphingobium sp000272475
s__J075 sp003695285
s__UBA1546 sp030018605
s__Arenicella sp018677115
s__Actinospica robiniae
s__JAGQOS01 sp020427265
s__Thiospirochaeta perfilievii
s__RUG11237 sp902767135
s__Spirillospora fibrosa
s__J038 sp007693385
s__JAISKV01 sp031260805
s__Prevotella sp946539475
s__UBA4951 sp902793515
s__Pauljensenia sp938014245
s__WRGV01 sp009781145
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp029210565
s__Litoreibacter roseus
s__Aquidulcibacter sp020253525
s__JAJDOD01 sp022824525
s__Microbacterium sp029959545
s__UBA3830 sp017614525
s__Hepatoplasma vulgare
s__JAGQNT01 sp020427965
s__JAFGIA01 sp016929795
s__Ruania alba
s__Occidentia massiliensis
s__Clostridium_AM aciditolerans
s__JANQPM01 sp028289465
s__Nocardiopsis sp003386285
s__Sphaerotilus hippei
s__01-FULL-45-25b sp001781035
s__Comamonas_C sp019195435
s__Limnochorda pilosa
s__UBA7488 sp017559525
s__NORP309 sp024280395
s__Nitrospira_D sp902500825
s__STF1-138 sp028703545
s__Foliamicus sp028821145
s__UBA1328 sp009392215
s__Collinsella sp934655965
s__Acididesulfobacter sp021822625
s__Dactylosporangium fulvum
s__Villigracilis sp016789225
s__JAPOLP01 sp016124895
s__JAAZDN01 sp012512595
s__STD2-102 sp028710495
s__Alloprevotella sp021153165
s__C7867-001 sp023264445
s__UBA3663 sp937899265
s__JAPLFT01 sp026390535
s__JACRNL01 sp016234935
s__UBA12454 sp021371795
s__Microbacterium sp943181415
s__JABACD01 sp937905825
s__Victivallis sp944389815
s__Mesonia_A hippocampi
s__Chitinophaga skermanii
s__UBA8639 sp029261235
s__Bacteroides sp019415065
s__Eudoraea sp947490415
s__JACRLF01 sp016235365
s__GCA-2720975 sp028823395
s__UBA1786 sp946187025
s__Herbaspirillum sp000282575
s__Algoriphagus sp002002735
s__Pelagicoccus albus
s__JANWXW01 sp025057315
s__RF16 sp017439235
s__Streptomyces rimosus_A
s__CAG-272 sp944384585
s__Cryosericum sp026390245
s__UBA4636 sp945638575
s__Caldisericum sp022759145
s__JASHPR01 sp030041195
s__Streptomyces ureilyticus
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp934555825
s__PTKB01 sp002717225
s__HGM13634 sp934183305
s__Roseicyclus sp018402035
s__IMCC26134_A sp026398135
s__DSWT01 sp019873645
s__CANJWF01 sp947478315
s__Stigonema ocellatum
s__JAGMCN01 sp030592575
s__GCA-2737665 sp023151315
s__Parashewanella sp004168585
s__UBA2730 sp949840855
s__Bacillus_O sp014896555
s__Neobacillus sp009928415
s__Microbacterium sp030148105
s__Saccharococcus thermophilus
s__Mucilaginibacter gilvus
s__GCA-2693325 sp002693325
s__RI-182 sp016124575
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947305045
s__Metasolibacillus meyeri
s__UBA9662 sp002709695
s__Shewanella sp025398315
s__UBA10428 sp030626465
s__Aquirufa lenticrescens
s__Luminiphilus sp022425845
s__Rhizomicrobium sp019242395
s__ISDg sp017617395
s__JAIRYU01 sp031267545
s__JANQJZ01 sp028281365
s__JACQXA01 sp016208975
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017960545
s__GCA-002733105 sp024685975
s__S010-51 sp025210295
s__Muricauda_A sp028289745
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp018240525
s__UBA9973 sp009695015
s__Jatrophihabitans sp025927835
s__JAATFR01 sp028283765
s__Nanosyncoccus sp030527565
s__JACRIM01 sp016235815
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AB
s__Avamphibacillus intestinigallinarum
s__Luteimonas_C galliterrae
s__Hymenobacter aquaticus
s__VBCG01 sp030854685
s__Reyranella sp030679805
s__JACQAX01 sp016194795
s__Amycolatopsis sp017308975
s__Gracilimonas sp021767245
s__Luteolibacter sp014379305
s__Granulicella sp027452215
s__Fimimonas sp947628135
s__WGAL01 sp015494845
s__TMP-24 sp026626305
s__Anaerococcus sp028723425
s__QYPD01 sp007279775
s__Wolbachia sp013365495
s__Oxalobacter formigenes_D
s__S145-25 sp030613795
s__JALTMS01 sp027001345
s__JACCES01 sp029268265
s__Neorhizobium sp943914405
s__DYJS01 sp020723005
s__WRKP01 sp031256755
s__UBA2224 sp007130675
s__Allopontixanthobacter sediminis
s__PWMO01 sp007693945
s__JAFGFI01 sp016931185
s__JAITRE01 sp031255515
s__Telluria sp002339265
s__Marinospirillum sp014859565
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902572065
s__JAHDVS01 sp023382435
s__Bog-257 sp031296115
s__Bin5 sp022821585
s__CAKUOV01 sp934670115
s__Psychromarinibacter sp017792445
s__Bact-08 sp000473305
s__Nonomuraea sp001083785
s__Flemingibacterium sp015064195
s__DRIG01 sp011052815
s__Collinsella sp902495955
s__T78 sp001603765
s__RF16 sp017391525
s__CANMPP01 sp947499735
s__JAACFB01 sp022565135
s__Nocardia xishanensis
s__Ferruginibacter sp025355935
s__RFVC01 sp009922595
s__JACPLU01 sp016186395
s__Pedobacter_A sp946480915
s__Aromatoleum toluolicum
s__Flavobacterium sp009848495
s__CF-46 sp005882635
s__Myxococcus sp023426545
s__JAHXHF01 sp025656895
s__Treponema_D sp946535985
s__Mobilitalea sp023437885
s__TMED96 sp902593075
s__Sideroxyarcus sp013824485
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210915
s__Actinosynnema espanaense
s__Nocardiopsis fusca
s__Parafrankia sp000177675
s__JAKSSK01 sp024403115
s__Isobaculum melis
s__UBA2266 sp002347125
s__Apilactobacillus quenuiae
s__JAJFMD01 sp021772335
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp900104255
s__Rhodoluna limnophila_C
s__SIG292 sp015057665
s__Pelagerythrobacter marinus
s__Kaistella montana_A
s__JABMQW01 sp013203115
s__Gallimonas sp947624445
s__SYFN01 sp027486615
s__BACL27 sp016871295
s__Flavobacterium sp020403245
s__UBA4720 sp013813715
s__Blastococcus sp003319175
s__VXYL01 sp028819775
s__JAHFDN01 sp023248995
s__Mycobacterium sp011745145
s__Flavobacterium sp943324165
s__Marinomonas sp016463975
s__CSSED11-154 sp003552525
s__Aquella sp026461645
s__Hominicoprocola sp934567115
s__Cognaticolwellia sp014077095
s__BN30871 sp011372825
s__Pedobacter jejuensis
s__FEN-1219 sp003155415
s__Microbacterium sp900114345
s__Thiobacillus sp021791235
s__Prevotella sp902764705
s__Flavobacterium sp025947305
s__WJLG01 sp014728685
s__Streptococcus sp001937065
s__CAG-582 sp947179265
s__JAFDET01 sp947260035
s__Comamonas sp902706035
s__WRAA01 sp009780445
s__AR31 sp003221595
s__Herbaspirillum frisingense_B
s__JAUNVJ01 sp030537695
s__Mangrovivirga cuniculi
s__Maridesulfovibrio sp010470675
s__OLB17 sp019639215
s__Ahrensia sp024639025
s__Sporosarcina sp003384035
s__Kribbella sp004365175
s__MYW30-H2 sp022818495
s__Teretinema sp023393015
s__Roseateles sp026625885
s__Bullifex sp949297785
s__UBA6145 sp009926935
s__UBA1174 sp016281355
s__UBA1547 sp029565375
s__CAG-196 sp017629215
s__Thermosynergistes pyruvativorans
s__JAANWY01 sp018263655
s__JAGHDJ01 sp021159955
s__JAJFFW01 sp021776435
s__DTJG01 sp023818965
s__Cypionkella aquatica
s__Nitrosomonas sp021774205
s__Paenibacillus_E alba
s__Stenotrophomonas sp002359895
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002315825
s__JACZYK01 sp022571135
s__JAAFHB01 sp025363795
s__Corynebacterium sp024834075
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp016786665
s__Thermalbibacter longus
s__BRH-c32 sp001516025
s__Angelobacter sp027307045
s__Dysgonomonas sp031260865
s__JAKEIC01 sp022614695
s__CAKKQB01 sp030018895
s__BACL27 sp945885515
s__Lentimicrobium sp022837485
s__Streptococcus mitis_BE
s__Alistipes sp017628735
s__Cryobacterium arcticum
s__Acetatifactor sp947068385
s__JAFGPL01 sp016936215
s__Planococcus sp000785555
s__JAHBXU01 sp019636315
s__PHOS-HE28 sp025455765
s__UBA1259 sp949288785
s__UBA11524 sp017397765
s__Zhihengliuella flava
s__Sheuella sp947372575
s__Rubrivivax sp028872015
s__JAFGKL01 sp016928585
s__QWOP01 sp903885855
s__Cohnella sp021190915
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060455
s__NK4A136 sp000621425
s__JABWCG01 sp013359225
s__UBA1096 sp014382705
s__Rhodoflexus sp025056255
s__JAHECE01 sp024641895
s__Corynebacterium crudilactis
s__Paraburkholderia edwinii
s__JACCXZ01 sp030859165
s__SG8-38 sp020351445
s__Microbulbifer agarilyticus_B
s__Bin95 sp026706245
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031284985
s__Aliarcobacter sp028689025
s__Coprosoma sp949425575
s__UBA9145 sp027623555
s__JABCZU01 sp013289515
s__GCF-001939115 sp001939115
s__Pseudogulbenkiania sp016192025
s__Desulfovibrio sp017454005
s__Prevotella sp017615355
s__Geothrix sp021286765
s__Pelagibacter sp902570525
s__Blautia_A sp029101305
s__JAITFB01 sp031281695
s__RGIG6307 sp017521985
s__Faecenecus sp947853365
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AA
s__Rudaea sp005877675
s__Oceanirhabdus sp027938815
s__JAQULV01 sp028718405
s__Streptomyces actinomycinicus
s__Chryseobacterium shigense_A
s__Mobilitalea sp017861355
s__Phnomibacter sp020161435
s__JAAYRF01 sp012518905
s__Rhodoglobus sp030580675
s__PWQG01 sp003556835
s__Mobilitalea sp023436225
s__CALMIO01 sp937864035
s__UBA6154 sp023253325
s__Spirillospora sp009793335
s__Pontibacter liquoris
s__WJKA01 sp014729375
s__Nocardioides sp001428125
s__UBA7803 sp003476445
s__SHWC01 sp016869195
s__Anabaena sp001858025
s__Devosia sp020169335
s__Verticiella sediminum
s__Dyella sp016428975
s__M55B112 sp018400695
s__JARLFX01 sp031296355
s__Bradyrhizobium sp019243075
s__Legionella sp013697625
s__SpSt-205 sp025054525
s__Flavobacterium sp937773775
s__BOG-931 sp030037895
s__Desulfobulbus sp903842475
s__Caccenecus sp947626695
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902782965
s__Flavobacterium sp002256385
s__CAJWHU01 sp913041325
s__Novosphingobium sp026400375
s__WMS2 sp001276605
s__UBA6382 sp028709135
s__UBA737 sp017537245
s__Uzinura diaspidicola
s__Corynebacterium sp945649885
s__Bacillus_P sp030817055
s__Aquisalimonas lutea
s__QWPT01 sp016124975
s__Qipengyuania nanhaisediminis
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023432885
s__GWF2-43-63 sp002842495
s__JAJCYX01 sp029262735
s__JAAYTV01 sp012523655
s__GCA-002708715 sp902602795
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021803845
s__Caccovivens sp017464845
s__JAAZGC01 sp012511425
s__Enterousia sp017511715
s__JAJRSP01 sp024278695
s__Enterousia sp944390835
s__UBA3402 sp947626475
s__CADCTB01 sp030946525
s__Methylovirgula sp027346205
s__WLNJ01 sp937973575
s__Marinisoma sp902575395
s__UBA7446 sp029238215
s__Ferruginibacter sp020059395
s__Prevotella sp024681875
s__UBA4124 sp028286705
s__Owenweeksia sp937120475
s__FW602-bin16 sp004297765
s__Gp6-AA40 sp016192845
s__Parafilimonas sp013289015
s__JAISAN01 sp031266635
s__Acinetobacter silvestris
s__GCA-2691245 sp902569095
s__Sulfuricystis sp018333815
s__Streptomyces orinoci
s__UBA11606 sp029979265
s__Anaerotignum sp017560955
s__Acidiferrobacter sp021797365
s__Ga6A1 sp017617315
s__Limivicinus sp017434755
s__CAIOZA01 sp903862655
s__JAIRRO01 sp031263805
s__CAG-269 sp947653375
s__Sphingobium fontiphilum
s__VMCP01 sp947450405
s__Sulfitobacter sp001650875
s__JAHEKN01 sp024638305
s__Thalassotalea_F euphylliae_C
s__Devosia naphthalenivorans
s__Confluentibacter lentus
s__Cellvibrio sp021151615
s__OLB19 sp001567365
s__Prevotella sp021443335
s__Pseudolabrys sp017849615
s__RUG099 sp012840975
s__UBA1784 sp017443585
s__RUG11788 sp947585665
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp017883425
s__Saccharimonas sp027492465
s__Butyrivibrio sp024690485
s__JACKHP01 sp020638905
s__JADFIF01 sp022566795
s__JAHWKP01 sp019347775
s__Arenimonas metalli
s__Hominicoprocola sp946405325
s__JAISAF01 sp031274005
s__JACOXK01 sp016182335
s__Rariglobus sp945868215
s__WRAD01 sp009784665
s__Formivibrio sp018261735
s__Vibrio sp023716565
s__JAAFGM01 sp025998955
s__Treponema_B sp905372205
s__Methylovorus mays
s__UBA952 sp029247685
s__Clostridium_AT rhizosphaerae
s__CADCTQ01 sp902805615
s__CAKZNR01 sp937129725
s__CAMDGX01 sp020848935
s__JAGNEZ01 sp018003015
s__Akkermansia sp017555025
s__55-13 sp014380605
s__JALVZS01 sp027022065
s__Sinomonas humi
s__CAJBRS01 sp903958115
s__Pseudomonas_E fulva_C
s__JAFADQ01 sp023424725
s__Collinsella sp902493535
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212615
s__Pseudoteredinibacter sp947500695
s__Asaia bogorensis_A
s__JAEDES01 sp017622175
s__UBA11872 sp009839425
s__Sphingopyxis sp017309275
s__Ureaplasma canigenitalium
s__JAHYIW01 sp029210745
s__QAKL01 sp944391285
s__Quinella sp905234505
s__JAJPKK01 sp030043175
s__TCS55 sp905182385
s__Streptococcus oralis_CG
s__Caproicibacterium sp029211325
s__Pontimonas sp021741945
s__B3-Chlor sp030616025
s__Enterousia sp017403085
s__Cybelea sp019237435
s__SIRX01 sp030777225
s__Egerieisoma sp902462635
s__Nonomuraea sp030718205
s__UBA5123 sp029865195
s__UBA5905 sp015066065
s__CAG-465 sp948470565
s__UBA1213 sp029226955
s__Lysinibacillus sp001308875
s__UBA1740 sp017508665
s__UBA4765 sp027487195
s__Marispirochaeta associata
s__Veillonella sp019419725
s__JAJFGN01 sp021776115
s__S139-126 sp015485755
s__RGIG1023 sp017390195
s__Bariatricus sp946566415
s__Nitratireductor_C aestuarii
s__Suilimivivens sp945917985
s__Streptococcus sp905221235
s__Undibacterium crateris
s__JAIVJZ01 sp020199775
s__JACPGF01 sp016182615
s__CADCWO01 sp902806435
s__Gracilimonas tropica
s__Aristaeella sp947166705
s__UBA3439 sp913064995
s__JACPQL01 sp016190445
s__GCA-2731375 sp021776235
s__Firm-16 sp017961235
s__CALXXX01 sp944392795
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp002009425
s__Microbacterium sp031178525
s__JAIRKI01 sp031270375
s__CAG-272 sp947626065
s__S010-51 sp030426105
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031279395
s__R2A130 sp938010435
s__HIMB59 sp902527045
s__Ga0074137 sp016713885
s__Aquiluna sp900100865
s__Nocardioides solisilvae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017471045
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp018860845
s__Bradyrhizobium sp016462955
s__UBA1786 sp017615245
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017521925
s__JACQJE01 sp016205125
s__Collinsella sp902475245
s__UBA4951 sp024408295
s__Bacillus_D sp001278805
s__Sulfurovum sp027049035
s__BPJO01 sp026004655
s__Dysosmobacter sp022796315
s__Agarivorans aestuarii
s__JAGRAO01 sp020434565
s__T78 sp011620445
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281385
s__28-YEA-48 sp019747375
s__Desulforhopalus sp947311315
s__CANJQJ01 sp947476425
s__JAEZDC01 sp023429825
s__Microbacterium sp007667425
s__Eperythrozoon_A haematominutum
s__JAHBXU01 sp029259845
s__Palsa-744 sp003134675
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp000801335
s__BQJQ01 sp030426605
s__JADLBT01 sp020847555
s__Mobiluncus sp947087965
s__JAGVJT01 sp945901145
s__SLLG01 sp020831525
s__Arachnia flavescens
s__Miltoncostaea oceani
s__JAUCGB01 sp030377895
s__Enterosoma sp949282275
s__JACKDM01 sp030426085
s__Sphingomicrobium sp000620665
s__JAJYFL01 sp021806945
s__JAGLBW01 sp023146675
s__Nitrosomonas sp900112825
s__Leptothoe sp000316115
s__Pelagibacter sp902576765
s__Desulfovibrio sp905235595
s__SMWK01 sp022571865
s__Desulfopila_A inferna
s__JALZCH01 sp030863175
s__Dethiosulfovibrio salsuginis
s__Hyphomonas oceanitis
s__BM503 sp022360595
s__JAKVCT01 sp022448995
s__Malonomonas sp024280335
s__Brevundimonas sp031119155
s__Cytobacillus globisporus
s__JAFATZ01 sp019240835
s__Halolacustris sp022396035
s__Methylophaga sp026319365
s__Flavihumibacter fluvii
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947452725
s__JAQGKB01 sp028290345
s__JAANAU01 sp015232245
s__Treponema_D sp024400955
s__BACL14 sp913048465
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_B
s__JAIMBI01 sp023565505
s__Carboxylicivirga sp947491945
s__JAFSEX01 sp944372025
s__Silvanigrella aquatica
s__Derxia lacustris
s__Levilactobacillus fujinensis
s__JAIQFS01 sp028876805
s__UBA2918 sp017651505
s__JAJPGT01 sp021325655
s__BQJX01 sp021604925
s__Limnoglobus roseus
s__Pelosinus sp030269905
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900580675
s__Flavonifractor sp944383125
s__SIG200 sp015059445
s__UBA967 sp947487745
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020854015
s__CAMCQY01 sp945877135
s__Ga0077555 sp025353015
s__Firm-08 sp934378025
s__Thalassospira lucentensis_B
s__JALYQM01 sp030855825
s__CAG-269 sp947589015
s__CALBXO01 sp937890335
s__JABDDW01 sp013287405
s__Kutzneria sp018263855
s__Microbacterium sp018895315
s__Cloacibacillus sp934511335
s__Microbulbifer guangxiensis
s__Sphingobium sp003248935
s__JAGWRI01 sp028876725
s__UBA2166 sp029261375
s__Ramlibacter sp023438115
s__WRAB01 sp009780235
s__RUG11272 sp017519405
s__CAMFKA01 sp945957185
s__2-02-FULL-39-11 sp001779195
s__Undibacterium pigrum
s__JAHDBF01 sp020630525
s__Fructobacillus apis
s__Capillimicrobium parvum
s__Phoenicibacter congonensis_A
s__Thauera sp017302295
s__JALNYV01 sp023229785
s__Bact-11 sp002376715
s__Novosphingobium sp018971065
s__CACIJG01 sp902576905
s__Niveispirillum sp027483805
s__Agathobacter sp934316545
s__QWHN01 sp021404905
s__CAKPCJ01 sp948467605
s__Pelagibacter sp902556505
s__MGBC163016 sp947566075
s__Falsiroseomonas tokyonensis
s__AG-422-B15 sp902622985
s__Desulfobotulus pelophilus
s__SXYR01 sp010027295
s__Parasynechococcus sp913050105
s__Rhodovulum sp002079305
s__Microbacterium sp021044885
s__ZJ293 sp946998115
s__Streptomyces sp021390475
s__Demequina sp002090075
s__Azovibrio sp009777925
s__4572-104 sp003245625
s__CAJXKU01 sp913055945
s__Onthoplasma sp946491735
s__Actinomyces sp030524025
s__Aquaticitalea sp024635765
s__PCC-7407 sp000317045
s__CAMZLY01 sp030632465
s__Bacillus_CH horti
s__Streptomyces sp010548375
s__GCA-002720895 sp022450705
s__UBA6224 sp002441585
s__Hymenobacter sp022919215
s__Bin125 sp022826965
s__Eubacterium_R sp945979635
s__WJKG01 sp014729205
s__UBA999 sp012031145
s__VGYC01 sp016873095
s__Nitrospira_D sp029194675
s__Hypericibacter adhaerens
s__Caulobacter sp017744495
s__Leifsonia sp003367665
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp003508605
s__JAISLU01 sp031277095
s__UBA5976 sp009702945
s__Mycobacterium sp001665295
s__Streptococcus oralis_BI
s__Flavobacterium sp019656315
s__JAPHRJ01 sp026196045
s__JAHELT01 sp024644045
s__Erythrobacter sp023016005
s__M3007 sp016787465
s__Polynucleobacter sp023257325
s__JAKARO01 sp027365525
s__RFOM01 sp009926615
s__RUG410 sp017960745
s__CANRIN01 sp947585215
s__JAUVDT01 sp029881795
s__Alloprevotella sp017628555
s__JAQUNP01 sp028717565
s__Shewanella gelidimarina
s__JAHEKE01 sp030066885
s__UBA5760 sp015222205
s__UBA4421 sp913060615
s__SIG627 sp017440805
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944325465
s__Sulfurovum sp027046415
s__HGM13634 sp947624925
s__CAG-452 sp947627485
s__UBA1328 sp026421185
s__Lawsonibacter sp944387755
s__Nocardia niigatensis
s__Methylotenera sp013140755
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017457955
s__UBA1450 sp937914905
s__GCA-016699975 sp016699875
s__JACPGX01 sp016186525
s__Maledivibacter halophilus
s__JAJFGN01 sp021776135
s__Halobacillus alkaliphilus
s__CALXSV01 sp947307285
s__Novosphingobium sediminicola
s__SZUA-336 sp003247575
s__Woeseia sp937925605
s__Streptomyces hiroshimensis
s__UBA2339 sp947462815
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_AQ
s__CALGYZ01 sp937934645
s__JAABTR01 sp011389755
s__Desulfitobacterium chlororespirans
s__Sporomusa sp029256645
s__Chitinivorax sp005503445
s__JALOSP01 sp025458365
s__CAG-302 sp947625625
s__UBA3067 sp016763235
s__Thiomargarita nelsonii_B
s__Psychromonas hadalis
s__Humimicrobium oleiphilum
s__Mycobacterium sp030836785
s__Variovorax sp017744935
s__Corynebacterium sp030535495
s__GCA-2699335 sp002699335
s__GCA-013348725 sp013348725
s__JANQMX01 sp028282405
s__RGIG5669 sp017512885
s__Cumulibacter manganitolerans
s__UBA737 sp017442225
s__UMGS2016 sp949288035
s__DRQG01 sp011369465
s__Enterenecus sp014799475
s__Chryseobacterium sp003815655
s__Fuerstiella sp029247265
s__JAAFHN01 sp013298415
s__Quinella sp946407175
s__Kineothrix sp947653315
s__SBBU01 sp005239585
s__JAACSU01 sp937931775
s__Plantactinospora sp029626265
s__IMCC26134_A sp010027235
s__ATZT02 sp026393095
s__UBA9611 sp002730485
s__DRME01 sp011375175
s__CAZU01 sp944392215
s__Arsenophonus sp900343015
s__JAITEB01 sp031282245
s__Desulfosporosinus youngiae
s__2-12-FULL-44-25 sp001816455
s__Gastranaerophilus sp023662905
s__SHVJ01 sp016870355
s__Paraphotobacterium marinum
s__Eperythrozoon_B haematobovis
s__Alistipes sp944321205
s__Streptacidiphilus sp004365705
s__UMGS1696 sp015065385
s__UBA12079 sp018821685
s__JADJWL01 sp937924525
s__Limivicinus sp017410425
s__JAQUKT01 sp028718945
s__JACCVC01 sp023392645
s__Sulfitobacter sp937928635
s__Choladousia sp947629385
s__Pelagicoccus mobilis
s__Faeciplasma sp021199855
s__Arthrobacter_M terrae
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017458105
s__Nitrosospira lacus
s__Clostridium sp003539755
s__BMS3Abin13 sp013151365
s__Pseudomonas_E sp014851865
s__Clostridium sp024409095
s__PPGL01 sp003173915
s__Alistipes sp017560455
s__Moraxella_A sp927911235
s__Treponema_D sp017616165
s__JAEXBA01 sp023457935
s__SKVR01 sp007694165
s__Palsa-504 sp021154785
s__Ancylomarina salipaludis
s__RUG369 sp947307005
s__Lentimonas sp937775295
s__Hydrogenophaga sp030684755
s__LMUX01 sp009765705
s__JAAYDI01 sp025459265
s__4484-211 sp002084955
s__JASJCA01 sp030066215
s__JAUXLW01 sp030623545
s__GCA-2686365 sp002686365
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp937871355
s__Aliishimia ponticola
s__JAITOA01 sp031290195
s__Brooklawnia sp030286045
s__UBA2475 sp025963735
s__JAGXRN01 sp018335875
s__Eubacterium_G sp902783775
s__Lysobacter sp900114355
s__RUG12867 sp902783405
s__Quinella sp017412925
s__SM23-73-3 sp023127875
s__Nitrosophilus_A kaiyonis
s__Udaeobacter sp003219335
s__JAGXFR01 sp019428955
s__JAGORL01 sp018062825
s__CAG-488 sp017522225
s__RGIG7114 sp017455015
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens_D
s__JAUNVS01 sp030537565
s__Paenibacillus_A brevis
s__Acetobacter sp937875265
s__JAPLYC01 sp026395685
s__JAAKGP01 sp018058035
s__Pseudobdellovibrio sp014378775
s__Caulobacter sp002742635
s__Streptococcus sp905221345
s__CALAMC01 sp937925655
s__QWPN01 sp903831155
s__PGYT01 sp016927595
s__Henriciella sp024742355
s__UBA2387 sp019454665
s__JADGHL01 sp019686135
s__Scatosoma sp015069285
s__Kaistia adipata
s__Marinobacter segnicrescens_A
s__PNKE01 sp023384675
s__Aureibaculum sp023015935
s__Paenibacillus_B taiwanensis
s__W0P33-017 sp029012425
s__JARQTN01 sp029976695
s__JAJFUE01 sp021372575
s__CAMLTW01 sp946486375
s__ECT2AJA-110-A sp006969385
s__Akkermansia sp017409465
s__CAIMUM01 sp026389635
s__Salinisphaera sp002433465
s__Acidoferrum sp001914785
s__UBA6170 sp002841995
s__Lachnoclostridium_A sp944383965
s__JAQUUM01 sp028693885
s__Corynebacterium sp030826625
s__Collimonas fungivorans
s__Evansella sp029688925
s__Sporichthya sp013815995
s__Crassaminicella sp025210525
s__JAJBTS01 sp020860885
s__CALGFD01 sp937881075
s__JADCGN01 sp020249005
s__Limnovirga soli
s__OLB9 sp019136675
s__JAAXXJ01 sp919902495
s__Desulfocapsa sulfexigens_B
s__JAILZP01 sp023512435
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp030776385
s__GWA2-66-18 sp013044195
s__M2005 sp011371305
s__Aeromicrobium sp946221465
s__Clostridium_AR sp009928445
s__CAG-269 sp934121905
s__UBA6055 sp011525385
s__SIG200 sp947627385
s__Faecousia sp946625125
s__Nitricoxidireducens bremensis
s__JAGLBH01 sp020483305
s__WQYJ01 sp031286045
s__Natroniella acetigena
s__Robertkochia sediminum
s__Timaviella obliquedivisa
s__JAFAIW01 sp019236495
s__JAIRQC01 sp031256675
s__Mycobacterium sp008329535
s__Rariglobus sp029266495
s__SIG499 sp016285815
s__JAIRRW01 sp031255775
s__Tc-Br11-B2g6-7 sp009908945
s__CAG-269 sp948468045
s__Planomonospora_A sp015711605
s__Mesobacillus sp018613315
s__UBA5009 sp002396665
s__JAQVEX01 sp028697555
s__Sphingomonas_O sp024758725
s__GCA-002700125 sp014239735
s__Faecousia sp017541995
s__RGIG4266 sp017461465
s__Mucilaginibacter mallensis
s__Collinsella sp902494935
s__Paraburkholderia sp012275575
s__VFZY01 sp016870915
s__Halioglobus sp030427485
s__Ruminococcus sp017521805
s__Blastopirellula sp024584705
s__Hydrogenobaculum sp002878215
s__Limnohabitans_A sp002255935
s__Bog-1198 sp030775645
s__Pseudothauera nasutitermitis
s__RGIG5681 sp945875435
s__GCA-002840305 sp028696995
s__Limivicinus sp017652685
s__JASEGV01 sp030682385
s__Occallatibacter riparius
s__Faecousia sp017620525
s__JAMCRS01 sp023380675
s__Nitrosomonas sp919902625
s__Paeniglutamicibacter kerguelensis
s__Planktophila sp009924725
s__UBA5004 sp019661845
s__JADJOM01 sp016713435
s__Alistipes sp020026395
s__Enterousia sp024402755
s__Desulfohalovibrio sp000422205
s__Polaromonas vacuolata
s__Vogesella sp027489245
s__UBA1450 sp943356515
s__RGIG7926 sp024693845
s__Fimivivens sp030913685
s__B28-G16 sp021160785
s__JACCZE01 sp013696105
s__JAIRMB01 sp031282685
s__UBA9145 sp012103535
s__JADFUZ01 sp030670425
s__Litorihabitans sp003121705
s__Oerskovia douganii
s__JAAYPV01 sp012523875
s__Avipropionibacterium sp945911015
s__JACMQW01 sp025352185
s__JACRKD01 sp016215345
s__UBA8346 sp003501335
s__Vampirovibrio sp902168245
s__Salegentibacter holothuriorum
s__Choladousia sp004557975
s__Roseburia_B sp947564765
s__UBA1877 sp002352945
s__RGEC01 sp009918425
s__Pseudonocardia sp001942415
s__Desulfuribacillus_A stibiiarsenatis
s__Fen-1364 sp003170115
s__JAHCRG01 sp020148045
s__RGIG6816 sp017447775
s__Poriferisodalis sp026713105
s__CAIXNZ01 sp028714455
s__Limnohabitans sp947455585
s__Vibrio porteresiae
s__CALTNV01 sp943845485
s__Mycoplasmopsis iners
s__Bosea sp025846845
s__JAJRUE01 sp024277955
s__CAISJI01 sp903885565
s__Caldalkalibacillus_A salinus
s__CALXXL01 sp028709805
s__Friedmanniella capsulata
s__Fictibacillus_C terrinigri
s__Sphingopyxis sp023197165
s__Phenylobacterium sp945952355
s__Geothermocultor quzhuomuensis
s__Variovorax sp001577265
s__RGIG4097 sp017507205
s__CAIJLM01 sp900299305
s__JAADIR01 sp013151245
s__GCA-002700125 sp009392285
s__JAIRKS01 sp031266545
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus_C
s__Solibacillus isronensis_B
s__Polystyrenella longa
s__Dialister sp902462205
s__Bartonella sp028618525
s__Thiomonas sp013044035
s__B13-G4 sp003647525
s__Hel1-33-131 sp949499105
s__Porphyromonas sp946997275
s__SURF-23 sp016234115
s__JAUVRX01 sp030610025
s__JAEZPW01 sp023441255
s__Xianfuyuplasma sp913062645
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp014851815
s__UBA7173 sp902494515
s__Chitinophaga caeni
s__Fulvivirga ligni
s__Yoonia sp929200255
s__Actinocorallia herbida
s__JAJRWN01 sp024276745
s__Pseudophaeobacter_A sp027019165
s__Fodinicurvata sediminis
s__Psychroflexus tropicus
s__CAG-269 sp934130355
s__JAUIHQ01 sp030432155
s__Limivicinus sp902785115
s__Azonexus sp030824535
s__SAR86A sp002690725
s__RUG714 sp017430965
s__UBA8919 sp002780205
s__Microvirga sp000739015
s__Mycoplasma_K marinum
s__Ventrenecus sp947629255
s__CACEW01 sp902563055
s__Corynebacterium lactis
s__Cyanobium sp026389285
s__UBA4372 sp024401165
s__Thermotomaculum hydrothermale
s__Pelagibacter sp902588315
s__Leptovillus sp937958365
s__CAJANL01 sp016183945
s__Onthocola_B sp944363665
s__Prevotella sp017960525
s__Actinomarina sp002169845
s__Collinsella sp958435945
s__Arthrobacter_D ruber
s__UBA2979 sp029941115
s__Legionella_A yabuuchiae
s__UASB340 sp030629005
s__CAG-269 sp947623475
s__BB28 sp022729755
s__Sphingomonas sp004799495
s__Methylococcus sp019285515
s__Pelagibacter sp902627645
s__Prevotella sp016291595
s__Villigracilis sp021414245
s__RUG592 sp902797065
s__BOG-935 sp003165275
s__PeH17 sp934633695
s__JABMPR01 sp030596225
s__CAIUPE01 sp016870035
s__Cellvibrio sp021151525
s__Streptomyces sp030499575
s__Aeromicrobium marinum
s__UBA11524 sp017410455
s__CANQUC01 sp947626945
s__2-01-FULL-60-11 sp001799975
s__WRGD01 sp009787355
s__Gaiellasilicea sp030855545
s__Mesorhizobium sp001854785
s__Moraxella sp024227015
s__JAQVRG01 sp030533005
s__Flavobacterium gillisiae
s__Accumulibacter sp029776255
s__2-02-FULL-62-17 sp001770355
s__Faecousia sp017621795
s__CANRHG01 sp947625175
s__Streptomyces sp001984575
s__SZUA-3 sp028289505
s__UBA1740 sp028720145
s__Enterococcus_C mediterraneensis
s__Vitreimonas sp021731005
s__UBA1433 sp937880125
s__Aliiroseovarius_A sp002367285
s__JABDQW01 sp020341835
s__JAHCHE01 sp026129905
s__Azospirillum fermentarium
s__Phocaeicola sp948956705
s__Nocardioides euryhalodurans
s__B4-G1 sp003648125
s__Kaistia algarum
s__Devosia sp030689745
s__VSOB01 sp017621975
s__Tannerella sp031266995
s__WFXV01 sp015488545
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902767325
s__JAHDHG01 sp938034385
s__CAIXMD01 sp903920415
s__Persephonella sp013153765
s__Pelagibacter sp902598015
s__JAPPNK01 sp028818695
s__Campylobacter_B sp938045205
s__Collinsella sp958352845
s__UBA9339 sp001801345
s__JAUIEU01 sp030429585
s__Plantactinospora alkalitolerans
s__Paremcibacter sp027019205
s__UBA4124 sp019750345
s__62-47 sp023954195
s__B111-G9 sp003646995
s__CALNBE01 sp031256995
s__Delta-02 sp012719415
s__Flavobacterium erciyesense
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902795855
s__SZUA-82 sp013152035
s__S143-33 sp027031265
s__JACQWX01 sp016234805
s__Pan216 sp007748055
s__Streptomyces sp020740835
s__QPIN01 sp024277935
s__UBA929 sp009777475
s__Anaerococcus sp945916625
s__UBA1304 sp002307295
s__SAR86A sp902520495
s__Erythrobacter sp947488085
s__DRMK01 sp026982395
s__Bacteroides sp949289265
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947501325
s__Ferruginibacter albus
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp947598825
s__Mobilitalea sp023415635
s__MPNP01 sp958296035
s__Kuenenia sp016873165
s__Lachnoclostridium_B sp030524585
s__Aquibium carbonis
s__Devosia_A sp004144345
s__UBA1723 sp024401565
s__BS150m-G65 sp016784145
s__Mycobacterium sp022841565
s__CAG-465 sp947628575
s__Ruminococcus_E sp030529125
s__UMGS1279 sp017623575
s__Arthrobacter_F sp012952295
s__UBA954 sp018882795
s__SZUA-115 sp024277255
s__JAACET01 sp030631725
s__PFJX01 sp937949525
s__UBA5701 sp021604545
s__UBA10092 sp018826255
s__JAIOJO01 sp019911985
s__GCA-2747695 sp015662775
s__Nocardioides sp029937575
s__JAITQC01 sp031289115
s__Mucilaginibacter sp025352225
s__Phnomibacter ginsenosidimutans
s__Aquimarina sp013365535
s__JAAWPK01 sp944388635
s__JAJDAE01 sp029262035
s__Pelagibacter sp902581695
s__Qipengyuania litoralis_A
s__Metamycoplasma canadense
s__QUBU01 sp019454675
s__Schmidhempelia bombi
s__UBA8401 sp023229405
s__Novosphingobium guangzhouense
s__SZUA-87 sp024276355
s__Pelagibacter sp902625035
s__Anoxybacillus thermarum
s__GWA2-36-10 sp000991205
s__CAKZWV01 sp937922005
s__Nocardiopsis xinjiangensis
s__Moorena sp010671925
s__Avelusimicrobium sp934644855
s__JAOABP01 sp026418295
s__Gemmatimonas sp947475795
s__Flavobacterium sp018065745
s__Palsa-739 sp025933895
s__JAIRKH01 sp031260245
s__JAJRPG01 sp024276605
s__Rhodovarius sp027483125
s__Cetobacterium_A sp002428805
s__Mesobacillus sp018613235
s__Hydrogenophaga sp013823505
s__Chengkuizengella sediminis
s__Streptomyces sp000721275
s__2-01-FULL-41-11 sp030688205
s__RUG14243 sp024681495
s__SIG710 sp017517035
s__CALUNA01 sp949282265
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp020724025
s__Actinosynnema luteola
s__JAJPKB01 sp021323915
s__JAGZHZ01 sp022788205
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029960815
s__CAMBRF01 sp945870225
s__HGM11412 sp017646945
s__Lelliottia sp009668015
s__CALEUX01 sp937920475
s__Vulcanococcus sp024345855
s__JAUYDP01 sp030691805
s__Kangiella sp014762745
s__Neptunomonas sp016744175
s__Spirabiliibacterium pneumoniae
s__JACKAH01 sp020635175
s__Zag111 sp017536545
s__JAIRMB01 sp031258995
s__RGIG1988 sp949297205
s__CAJXOW01 sp913057825
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp023419315
s__Palsa-1032 sp013696945
s__JACPVI01 sp016191815
s__CAIMFV01 sp903903715
s__UMGS1883 sp015068735
s__Paraburkholderia franconis
s__RGIG9182 sp017484165
s__Pedobacter sp004211595
s__Acetobacter sacchari
s__JALGZU01 sp025774735
s__UBA9076 sp012513225
s__UBA737 sp947623175
s__Lancefieldella sp937926845
s__Nitrospira_D sp030123625
s__Chitinispirillum alkaliphilum
s__BOG-930 sp003164455
s__Arthrobacter sp902706295
s__Methyloversatilis discipulorum_B
s__Campylobacter_A sp938046705
s__Azonexus sp009469615
s__Arcticibacter eurypsychrophilus
s__OMII01 sp027485595
s__Granulicella_C sp937873145
s__Actinomadura_C sp025964715
s__JAEUMY01 sp016791265
s__Sulfurovum sp027038155
s__RYN-170 sp025965755
s__WRBW01 sp009785705
s__GBS-DC sp030550775
s__Pelagibacter sp902604305
s__Fen-1247 sp030946285
s__JAFDJA01 sp019307745
s__SIG220 sp015059065
s__Pseudooctadecabacter jejudonensis
s__RUG099 sp902779185
s__Ramlibacter monticola
s__Faecousia sp030536515
s__Buchnera aphidicola_B
s__SHYM01 sp009692805
s__RQCD01 sp015068965
s__Streptococcus sp029948085
s__Dysosmobacter sp948902155
s__JAGVMG01 sp020053915
s__Arthrobacter sp006715225
s__SZUA-444 sp003246805
s__Desulfatibacillum alkenivorans
s__Stagnihabitans sp947371955
s__JAEXOD01 sp023447335
s__CAMCHB01 sp944386325
s__Mesonia putida
s__Streptomyces sp002920535
s__GCA-2746605 sp016716225
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882465
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp025361165
s__JSC-12 sp000309945
s__GCA-2684655 sp002684655
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902625125
s__Roseibacterium sp029624655
s__JANQLI01 sp028280675
s__Dysosmobacter sp022652815
s__Nocardiopsis_A chromatogenes
s__JACCZZ01 sp019694975
s__CANPYS01 sp947588655
s__Luteolibacter sp021733795
s__JADFOI01 sp022545645
s__JACPXO01 sp016196505
s__JAAYTH01 sp012518435
s__JAIQGB01 sp020072905
s__Magnetospirillum sp002435715
s__Pelagibacter sp902595535
s__UBA3282 sp022510625
s__PSRF01 sp025922875
s__Bartonella fuyuanensis
s__Quinella sp014764605
s__JAMLJG01 sp027493775
s__GCA-2724215 sp951813615
s__Acidiphilium sp027449105
s__GWC2-37-13 sp016215445
s__SIG603 sp015065615
s__UBA7378 sp913020275
s__Faecousia sp029098045
s__Sphingomonas xinjiangensis
s__JAJYQQ01 sp021791015
s__Collinsella sp019414625
s__JAAAOH01 sp009908925
s__Pedobacter panaciterrae_A
s__Planktotalea sp024645145
s__Terriglobus_A tenax
s__JAIFWC01 sp025450575
s__JABWCD01 sp937928585
s__CAG-269 sp944387475
s__Novosphingobium sp947446935
s__Streptococcus toyakuensis
s__JAFLTL01 sp014800445
s__HGM04593 sp017936265
s__Serinibacter salmoneus
s__Fimbriimonas sp026392145
s__CFX10 sp019913005
s__Nanosynbacter sp015257635
s__Saccharimonas sp938030095
s__JAFAAL01 sp023426575
s__UMGS1883 sp934454525
s__JAQULY01 sp028718445
s__Marinobacter gelidimuriae
s__RH-AL1 sp009765775
s__CAG-269 sp946411515
s__JAHFHZ01 sp023246715
s__UBA9410 sp002717365
s__Sphaerochaeta sp012838275
s__WQWG01 sp009785435
s__CAILTG01 sp903837125
s__Vallicoccus soli
s__Brachybacterium sp030538435
s__CAKSQF01 sp017453085
s__Finegoldia sp947252345
s__Novosphingobium lentum
s__Ghiorsea bivora
s__GCA-2733545 sp021129785
s__Alloprevotella sp022508615
s__Shimazuella alba
s__UBA2112 sp030429975
s__UBA1764 sp002315535
s__UBA9973 sp018062065
s__VXNE01 sp009840715
s__SW10 sp949373085
s__Limimorpha sp946408345
s__SXOD01 sp027622195
s__Nocardioides panacisoli
s__JANTGX01 sp024762755
s__UBA3006 sp947458565
s__UMGS1865 sp017453205
s__Janthinobacterium sp030397665
s__Nocardioides sp030518195
s__UBA6955 sp018700215
s__Paracoccus laeviglucosivorans
s__Streptomyces narbonensis
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003283665
s__Fermentibacter sp022703195
s__GCA-2686445 sp002686445
s__UBA7951 sp003511785
s__CAG-475 sp947382865
s__JAFANK01 sp030948685
s__Pelagibacter sp902552475
s__Jeotgalibacillus aurantiacus
s__Scrofimicrobium canadense
s__JAGGSF01 sp021159235
s__MES13 sp009711765
s__Rhodoferax sp028689305
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp025350085
s__Actinoplanes bogorensis
s__Luteolibacter sp027485995
s__Collinsella sp959596505
s__NK4A144 sp024699045
s__Pseudolabrys sp016185205
s__JANYDD01 sp025359945
s__Corynebacterium sp030531005
s__Janthinobacterium sp900156175
s__Chordicoccus sp902766655
s__G030845175 sp030845175
s__Algoriphagus sp947458475
s__Methylovirgula sp031291555
s__Streptomyces sp009862125
s__JAKFVA01 sp021732385
s__Sphaerisporangium perillae
s__Udaeobacter sp955652715
s__CAG-873 sp958436175
s__Sedimenticola hydrogenitrophicus_A
s__UBA5436 sp012518795
s__Bauldia sp020442065
s__JABJGI01 sp913063225
s__JALYNX01 sp030772935
s__Collinsella sp018382775
s__JAUXAE01 sp030620035
s__UBA9320 sp945890595
s__Celaenobacter sp030611765
s__JAPLLW01 sp026387355
s__Electrothrix sp011389815
s__Enterousia sp017618595
s__Sediminibacterium sp023263235
s__UBA1752 sp017397605
s__JAHDDY01 sp937944035
s__JADFVP01 sp024275855
s__DAOVBC01 sp030670715
s__Pelagibacter sp902522385
s__RFSX01 sp013002625
s__Steroidobacter denitrificans
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp025232375
s__Azospirillum sp023416195
s__Pelagibacter_A sp002457475
s__GCA-2733545 sp002733545
s__UBA1562 sp030691725
s__W3P20-009 sp017960905
s__Gemmiger sp944382835
s__Micromonospora sp004348595
s__UM-FILTER-42-14 sp027620445
s__GCA-2704625 sp902566975
s__MFGW01 sp001780385
s__CASICS01 sp902524805
s__Quinella sp905234045
s__SIG454 sp017409915
s__Sphingomicrobium glaciei
s__Marmoricola_A sp011299595
s__T1SED10-78 sp003553505
s__JAFGSG01 sp016934735
s__CACYEI01 sp902773355
s__UBA1762 sp017472965
s__Kaistia sp023391905
s__UBA2194 sp002328665
s__JAISGB01 sp031274195
s__UBA6987 sp017428265
s__Kiloniella spongiae
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000026145
s__UBA5202 sp016208585
s__PMG-095 sp025936115
s__DAHWUD01 sp027331445
s__WRAU01 sp031256515
s__JAUVQU01 sp030597965
s__RF16 sp937885465
s__Thiolinea sp937873765
s__UBA6249 sp023247875
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AD
s__BM004 sp019312985
s__Thalassospira sp002115785
s__Uabimicrobium amorphum
s__Rhodovarius sp013298245
s__Rhodococcus sp002258785
s__Leucobacter sp937967375
s__CAJXLZ01 sp913056505
s__Pseudotabrizicola formosa
s__Nitrospira_A sp902500995
s__JAIEPT01 sp019748295
s__JABXKX01 sp013619035
s__Emergencia sp029012125
s__CATKEA01 sp949746915
s__Zwartia panacis
s__Vreelandella salicampi
s__JAUWMJ01 sp030638575
s__MED-G13 sp902517895
s__JAGLCY01 sp030643455
s__UBA8309 sp004213025
s__Actinacidiphila epipremni
s__PNKF01 sp016714015
s__JAJRPF01 sp024280885
s__CAHJWO01 sp937859745
s__Adhaeribacter_A soli
s__CAILUG01 sp903926285
s__CAZU01 sp944392205
s__JAUNSR01 sp947074105
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902791945
s__Phenylobacterium sp024298925
s__HRBIN11 sp002898535
s__Acetobacterium fimetarium
s__CAG-303 sp015057425
s__Butyrivibrio sp017448245
s__Plantactinospora endophytica
s__BS750m-G44 sp016783145
s__Nocardioides luteus_A
s__Odoribacter sp905204385
s__Gimesia sp937919775
s__JAFLJP01 sp026989455
s__Mycobacterium sp002838065
s__Clostridium_AF sp030626065
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp031260665
s__Xanthomarina sp026410255
s__DAOWNP01 sp030642545
s__CAG-877 sp934168245
s__Oenococcus sp031261865
s__HKB214 sp018725565
s__CAG-841 sp017446155
s__Paenibacillus_A lentus
s__Salibaculum sp001314655
s__JAUVAV01 sp030591525
s__Nitrobacter hamburgensis
s__Orrella sp023427085
s__WGA-3G sp012271015
s__Vitreimonas sp003242075
s__UBA4292 sp944381475
s__Microbacterium sp017744855
s__Azohydromonas sp937926365
s__B1SED10-16 sp007134875
s__UBA4372 sp024697285
s__Bariatricus sp029227655
s__Tenacibaculum sp030547425
s__UBA2279 sp030655755
s__Flaviflexus huanghaiensis
s__Sulfuricurvum sp026390135
s__Eubacterium_R sp947623505
s__Actinotignum schaalii_C
s__Mesorhizobium sp017306585
s__Aggregatilinea lenta
s__JACQHC01 sp016199245
s__Alteridesulfovibrio inopinatus
s__CAIPHQ01 sp903864895
s__Anaeroplasma sp937885165
s__Fusibacter_C sp003482695
s__HRBIN39 sp026982705
s__HGM12713 sp015064065
s__Pirellula_B sp903892355
s__Faecisoma sp944359065
s__WJMC01 sp014728145
s__Anaeroplasma sp946407635
s__JAVHLO01 sp031082105
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017421045
s__Echinicola jeungdonensis
s__Mycoplana dimorpha
s__Cohnella rhizosphaerae
s__Streptococcus sp905373305
s__JAAFJH01 sp013298875
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902610515
s__Succiniclasticum sp017443165
s__Aquiluna sp029979375
s__RUG12834 sp017484125
s__Arctic95D-9 sp029210205
s__JACRAP01 sp016213365
s__PALSA-968 sp903923915
s__Ureaplasma sp947176635
s__CADEFD01 sp016789705
s__Bryobacter sp025354885
s__MT110 sp002482405
s__UKL13-2 sp014378085
s__Caulifigura coniformis
s__Aestuariivirga sp016792865
s__Companilactobacillus suantsaicola
s__Nitratireductor kimnyeongensis
s__Scatenecus sp944325615
s__Coprousia sp959602875
s__Rudaea sp021781425
s__Rhizomicrobium sp947455695
s__JAHQVS01 sp019634215
s__Faecousia sp946061345
s__JAISNN01 sp031273965
s__CAG-488 sp937892835
s__AAA044-D11 sp947505195
s__FB2012 sp017526445
s__Miniphocaeibacter halophilus
s__Sneathiella sp002694385
s__Treponema_D sp905236315
s__Halioglobus sp020443325
s__Flavobacterium sp001428525
s__SXJQ01 sp005779345
s__Methylobacter_A sp028714995
s__VGYT01 sp016872895
s__UBA12478 sp000993535
s__JAFGIG01 sp016934535
s__Pseudooceanicola alkaliphilus_A
s__Peptoclostridium_A sp009881055
s__JARICQ01 sp029264075
s__Onthoplasma sp947628205
s__Ramlibacter sp001044395
s__UBA6184 sp024236035
s__UBA4372 sp017645845
s__1-14-0-10-56-10 sp002772645
s__Chitinophaga arvensicola
s__Halioglobus sp009937575
s__Faecousia sp017436785
s__AG-337-I02 sp902575375
s__JANQKX01 sp028280915
s__UMGS1449 sp947166445
s__Providencia alcalifaciens_B
s__RUG12438 sp946412015
s__Winogradskyella jejuensis
s__Leisingera sp000813725
s__Mobilitalea sp028701595
s__Telluria sp030411995
s__Nocardioides sp004522095
s__JALYKW01 sp030774575
s__UBA9973 sp030916575
s__Alloscardovia criceti
s__VGTK01 sp016874715
s__JACDBZ01 sp019348395
s__JAEUMA01 sp016793565
s__WHST01 sp009379825
s__Aquimarina atlantica
s__Comamonas sp029870285
s__Salinivirga cyanobacteriivorans
s__JAFALA01 sp019234815
s__Caulobacter sp026672375
s__JAFUXM01 sp947168585
s__Streptococcus sp012843315
s__Winogradskyella sp947498345
s__Calidithermus timidus
s__JAJPJW01 sp030041545
s__Alteribacter lacisalsi
s__Falsirhodobacter sp018279165
s__UBA3076 sp011042225
s__CAKKSB01 sp947259075
s__Trinickia sp005280735
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905235775
s__Nitrospira_D sp029194665
s__CG2-30-60-27 sp020717925
s__Tahibacter harae
s__9FT-COMBO-48-23 sp020354105
s__UBA11957 sp003542935
s__JAPLIS01 sp026388985
s__CANMSN01 sp947500585
s__Granulicella sp027335345
s__Giesbergeria sp017988165
s__Vulcanococcus sp947461705
s__Saccharofermentans sp902791885
s__JAMDEL01 sp023487095
s__RGIG6307 sp017461685
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947493215
s__JAEYFP01 sp023402845
s__Mucilaginibacter sp020880695
s__Flavobacterium caeni
s__Sphingomonas sp003688625
s__J063 sp003696125
s__Billgrantia sp003339685
s__CADCWN01 sp902806415
s__UBA1227 sp012520505
s__JAALLB01 sp021775455
s__Bryobacter aggregatus
s__SL1-B47 sp022839045
s__QYQL01 sp007280915
s__GCA-013693735 sp016793505
s__Xylanimonas sp031283115
s__Lautropia sp938046755
s__Nostoc linckia_B
s__OLB19 sp002422025
s__Phenylobacterium immobile
s__Parvicella sp020635565
s__Aquabacterium olei
s__UBA8752 sp022428205
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398155
s__RI-95 sp016125375
s__Terrihabitans sp022842205
s__CAKZML01 sp026193125
s__Mycobacterium sp019236925
s__Devosia crocina
s__Sediminicola_A luteus
s__UBA5216 sp945864585
s__Streptococcus oralis_AD
s__SpSt-600 sp028275425
s__Pseudoduganella sp021165955
s__Paludisphaera soli
s__JANQEB01 sp028281965
s__Secundilactobacillus folii
s__Bhargavaea sp009761675
s__Lichenihabitans sp021730615
s__CALNBE01 sp031289285
s__WTGU01 sp028820995
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947469815
s__VMCJ01 sp938083135
s__Thiolapillus sp027030425
s__Silanimonas sp026005095
s__SURF-32 sp003597935
s__2-01-FULL-33-17 sp937895515
s__Planktophila sp009705235
s__Alcanivorax sp023016115
s__Streptococcus oralis_U
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp937885345
s__Egerieousia sp947630665
s__Corynebacterium sp030532965
s__Cytobacillus sp001956215
s__CAIOTC01 sp903861205
s__SIG205 sp944372455
s__Pumilibacter sp947090725
s__JAJPJV01 sp021324045
s__RBS10-35 sp018729555
s__Streptococcus mitis_AV
s__Kribbella aluminosa
s__Urechidicola croceus
s__CAU-1509 sp028698335
s__GM202ARS2 sp014323835
s__UBA2834 sp002351365
s__CAG-475 sp934254715
s__SURF-52 sp020723225
s__UBA10566 sp023227645
s__Aquimonas sp937888285
s__S012-113 sp026989505
s__Sulfomarinibacter sp022340665
s__JABEVJ01 sp020051015
s__Enterocola sp017391905
s__Rhodococcus sp006543605
s__Aquimarina sp947498705
s__Pelagibacter sp902591775
s__Rhodoferax sp903925725
s__Sheuella sp030650995
s__JAUVNZ01 sp030617485
s__WTAW01 sp016926925
s__UBA2779 sp002352375
s__Caldilinea saccharophila
s__JAURNZ01 sp030829925
s__UBA4372 sp905235575
s__GCA-002731945 sp913047775
s__OLB17 sp902826385
s__Phocaeicola sp017467385
s__Collinsella sp958346165
s__Microbacterium telephonicum
s__Micromonospora zingiberis
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945901215
s__UBA1174 sp029008615
s__UBA5429 sp023459435
s__Kineococcus siccus
s__50-400-T64 sp003646355
s__JAGVKG01 sp020050685
s__Chryseobacterium sp913776365
s__JAPLWK01 sp026396615
s__JAUASW01 sp030014915
s__CAG-465 sp944388575
s__Sandarakinorhabdus glacialis
s__CAJVXG01 sp913009215
s__JAEMRK01 sp016463375
s__Otoolea sp019423835
s__VGWZ01 sp020053565
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687755
s__Flavobacterium shii
s__JACQSM01 sp016205965
s__MGBC162267 sp948469295
s__JANFFA01 sp030848925
s__Paraburkholderia nodosa_A
s__JAJFLQ01 sp021772615
s__JAAEKA01 sp937907455
s__Flexilinea sp002329625
s__XBB1006 sp024680055
s__SIG200 sp947601485
s__CTSoil-043 sp017882025
s__JAEINW01 sp016342715
s__Loktanella fryxellensis
s__UBA3263 sp015061005
s__E29-bin73 sp030612345
s__Hungateiclostridium sp012798835
s__Crocinitomix sp937136425
s__CALDHR01 sp937898585
s__Xylophilus sp016428875
s__JAAZLW01 sp012799135
s__Amycolatopsis_D marina
s__Pygmaiobacter sp944388335
s__JACCXN01 sp013696965
s__Nitrosomonas sp021774055
s__Oceanicaulis sp027627705
s__JACRUB01 sp030947385
s__JAISVU01 sp031271375
s__Rhodanobacter sp002001085
s__JAFAKZ01 sp019234745
s__JABXKX01 sp016342415
s__Desulfosporosinus sp031292095
s__Nitrosomonas sp024281825
s__Thiorhodococcus violaceus_A
s__Kosakonia cowanii_A
s__Fen-1258 sp002839795
s__Erginobacter occultus
s__GCA-002790365 sp002783525
s__JAEXTK01 sp023406985
s__GCA-002733465 sp002401655
s__BK-30 sp002837145
s__Leptospira stimsonii
s__BACL14 sp905618945
s__JALQXV01 sp023263015
s__Zeimonas sp017307915
s__UBA2258 sp026397595
s__UBA8260 sp003153215
s__CALVZT01 sp944372595
s__JAAZBK01 sp012513855
s__2-02-FULL-35-15 sp023250195
s__Clostridium weizhouense
s__JAAFHB01 sp903918045
s__Methyloglobulus sp016715325
s__DAHXKW01 sp027366195
s__Schlesneria sp018242525
s__Flavobacterium sp014844035
s__Actinosynnema sp001905065
s__SXMI01 sp016870275
s__SpSt-313 sp023511475
s__Oceanobacillus damuensis
s__Sodaliphilus sp017478855
s__UMGS1124 sp934098385
s__Variovorax sp018241905
s__Luteolibacter sp947372405
s__Lacinutrix sp947500325
s__Faeciplasma sp947627005
s__JAJEEA01 sp022820675
s__JADZFO01 sp020849855
s__RUG13583 sp017557605
s__Pelomicrobium methylotrophicum
s__Levilactobacillus hammesii
s__Filimonas zeae
s__Bacteroides massiliensis_D
s__Alicyclobacillus_H sp023511815
s__Shewanella sp019654975
s__Vibrio neonatus
s__Billgrantia ethanolica
s__Methylacidimicrobium sp000526255
s__Hansschlegelia sp902168115
s__SLMJ01 sp007122555
s__Rhodoferax_B sp900104385
s__JAHJFW01 sp016203535
s__JAKEEH01 sp022616725
s__Kordia aestuariivivens
s__Flavobacterium humi
s__JASGCP01 sp030053995
s__Thermodesulfobacterium sp013153525
s__HTCC2207 sp024959305
s__UBA1672 sp002401695
s__UBA3077 sp015487255
s__Streptomyces hyderabadensis
s__JAAFHG01 sp030053925
s__Gallionella sp002403995
s__JAEZVV01 sp023443095
s__JABFRW01 sp013140805
s__OLB19 sp022841645
s__Treponema_D sp024689365
s__JANSYA01 sp024742665
s__JALOPA01 sp025454125
s__Oceanitalea sp027322565
s__Streptococcus oralis_X
s__JADMIH01 sp030945985
s__SIG662 sp015064425
s__UBA3006 sp017856375
s__S141-3 sp026989685
s__JAUWYK01 sp030615865
s__UM-FILTER-40-17 sp018829465
s__Mycobacterium sp001499905
s__GCA-2746425 sp030758315
s__Eubacterium_R sp947628175
s__JAUNQF01 sp030537355
s__CAG-170 sp934646185
s__JAATET01 sp938011325
s__Thalassobacillus cyri
s__JAENIT01 sp016844365
s__Mangrovicoccus ximenensis
s__UBA966 sp947492385
s__PALSA-350 sp003152195
s__JAJTHJ01 sp021298875
s__JACRCV01 sp016218825
s__JAAYPC01 sp023412475
s__Brachyspira sp949287565
s__CAJOIG01 sp947624385
s__JAAZLA01 sp022704725
s__JAJFKX01 sp028289455
s__Lichenihabitans sp937871825
s__Thiocapsa roseopersicina
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp020845995
s__Kroppenstedtia_A pulmonis
s__Heteroruminococcus sp023396215
s__Ferruginibacter sp029560415
s__JAHFGV01 sp023247255
s__Tidjanibacter sp017503805
s__Algoriphagus sp024305035
s__JADZBC01 sp020852295
s__SZUA-448 sp017958465
s__JACDDL01 sp030860455
s__Methyloligella halotolerans
s__Vitreimonas sp018241475
s__DSM-111022 sp015863215
s__WQVB01 sp009781815
s__Futiania mangrovii
s__UBA1195 sp002308135
s__DQVG01 sp015661865
s__JAFBAP01 sp019247695
s__JAQGMF01 sp028292485
s__Pseudonocardia petroleophila
s__Hymenobacter aerophilus
s__GCA-002733105 sp013215825
s__AWVT01 sp945877355
s__Streptomyces ortus
s__RGIG4310 sp946534775
s__CAG-273 sp944392065
s__Paraburkholderia hiiakae
s__JAAEZH01 sp020437105
s__UBA2834 sp946411935
s__Nitrotoga sp003402345
s__JAUWYA01 sp030617105
s__Rhizomicrobium sp025360685
s__Brevibacterium spongiae
s__Azonexus sp002345845
s__PSRF01 sp030854375
s__Planktophila sp027490815
s__CAMYJT01 sp947258785
s__JAICJC01 sp025928435
s__Angelakisella sp021769525
s__Streptomyces sp018614205
s__Enterococcus_J nangangensis
s__JABDKH01 sp013002345
s__JAUYED01 sp030691525
s__JAIRTD01 sp031265025
s__JAOUPE01 sp029880025
s__UBA10428 sp016699695
s__MWH-TA3 sp945949175
s__UBA8475 sp022709865
s__UBA10364 sp022426185
s__JAIVHA01 sp020201295
s__CALWRM01 sp947625765
s__JACQPF01 sp016207625
s__UBA7862 sp949282135
s__Sediminispirochaeta smaragdinae
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp026399315
s__JADJXM01 sp016715865
s__UBA2386 sp005776475
s__JARLHJ01 sp031292305
s__Chryseobacterium camelliae
s__Scatovivens sp947369305
s__Gephyromycinifex aptenodytis
s__Limnohabitans_A sp026400155
s__RGIG1988 sp017521775
s__Gallimonas sp947087265
s__Kibdelosporangium sp001984155
s__JAIRPU01 sp031279965
s__Leifsonia sp945957465
s__VGXO01 sp029977865
s__Vagococcus_D fessus
s__Sulfitobacter sp947501805
s__UBA8316 sp030830625
s__UBA1367 sp947303905
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp002256205
s__SKHV01 sp027858715
s__SCTD01 sp026786045
s__WLRQ01 sp029781935
s__Luteimonas_D sp012515985
s__UBA9216 sp028527945
s__Klenkia sp001424485
s__Spyradocola sp002492415
s__BNUJ01 sp025997275
s__Limivicinus sp017552325
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_B
s__JAHHUI01 sp020024055
s__RKRQ01 sp026706695
s__Sphingobacterium zeae
s__DAHXMV01 sp027371535
s__Tannerella sp031276675
s__Scalindua rubra
s__DAIDHM01 sp027459705
s__Lactobacillus mulieris_A
s__SURF-57 sp003599625
s__Olleya sp947503885
s__UBA6163 sp937904535
s__JAUIGD01 sp030430255
s__DYLE01 sp020722245
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp023251835
s__Methylocystis sp022843525
s__GCA-2746235 sp024275135
s__VRUE01 sp030152805
s__Stammera capleta_C
s__JAJRTK01 sp024278345
s__UBA9973 sp016186435
s__JAHFSU01 sp023265595
s__RUG099 sp934255135
s__Methylobacterium sp023422485
s__Chryseobacterium sp024806495
s__Flavobacterium sp002813295
s__Nocardia nova_A
s__RGIG7949 sp017550645
s__JACOXD01 sp016176465
s__Enterovibrio sp028683135
s__FW602-bin19 sp004322375
s__Collinsella sp900549575
s__Ruegeria marisrubri
s__Desulfopila_A sp030065655
s__UBA2589 sp029863525
s__Saccharimonas sp938018005
s__Caldicellulosiruptor diazotrophicus
s__Stenotrophomonas sp023457475
s__HK1 sp958295465
s__VGWF01 sp016873715
s__UBA4179 sp025943985
s__Sphingobacterium sp947630335
s__Congzhengia sp017415145
s__JAUIHS01 sp030432255
s__RGIG4140 sp017555325
s__Sediminibacterium pinensis_A
s__Streptomyces triticisoli
s__JAGXLP01 sp021735185
s__Thermophilibacter sp949287335
s__MED-G14 sp902535165
s__Sphingomonas_I vulcanisoli
s__RUG11224 sp902767005
s__Echinicola arenosa
s__Blautia_A sp030537135
s__Agrococcus sp900117395
s__WTAK01 sp027858795
s__Hyphococcus sp021776345
s__JAENZW01 sp016841065
s__Xenorhabdus japonica
s__Anaerobacillus_A sp009818105
s__WTJZ01 sp011524615
s__CALWJF01 sp934546935
s__JAKQGS01 sp029556045
s__Spiro-02 sp023401595
s__Allobaculum sp948467695
s__Peptoniphilus_A sp946222045
s__PALSA-1180 sp003152075
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp945862485
s__Chitinophaga rhizophila
s__JAUVGS01 sp030593665
s__Listeria_A rustica
s__Denitrolinea sp019187665
s__Haliscomenobacter hydrossis
s__JABMMZ01 sp937867025
s__Leucobacter_A sp027853335
s__Ferrithrix thermotolerans
s__RF16 sp024399955
s__SZUA-378 sp947631985
s__Acetatifactor sp023667765
s__JAGRAY01 sp020434375
s__BMS3ABIN03 sp024278655
s__Edaphobacter sp025359825
s__Faecousia sp015068305
s__CAG-303 sp945928585
s__Shimia sp026195905
s__JAJQCI01 sp021204175
s__Lacrimispora sp902363835
s__SIG710 sp017397175
s__CAG-448 sp015063685
s__Chryseobacterium sp002754245
s__Faecisoma sp944331815
s__GCA-2401635 sp030950875
s__JADFYE01 sp015233195
s__Colwellia sp003521815
s__JACTMJ01 sp025456495
s__JASJDJ01 sp030065155
s__UBA724 sp002171575
s__Pelagibacter sp002101315
s__JAIRTF01 sp031278665
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp947623765
s__JANQPQ01 sp028285445
s__NC2004 sp947626505
s__Casp-actino5 sp009924875
s__Brevibacillus_D sp946402065
s__JAPLFH01 sp026390815
s__CAG-873 sp937989585
s__VGXG01 sp016873395
s__JAVEDB01 sp030841185
s__SCMT01 sp019510125
s__HGM13222 sp029007575
s__PNKE01 sp014860455
s__UMGS1370 sp944376125
s__FEB-7 sp937898635
s__JANXPS01 sp025357175
s__Nitrotoga sp003402285
s__CACXEY01 sp902766695
s__Flavobacterium sp903824755
s__Erythrobacter sp001542875
s__JAHRWD01 sp016763075
s__Wolbachia sp013365455
s__JACDBZ01 sp025699005
s__SIG230 sp017532345
s__JABWBC01 sp020853815
s__Collinsella sp938023085
s__Palsa-1233 sp013694695
s__Heliobacterium chlorum
s__Halalkalibacter sp001310635
s__SHVJ01 sp009694295
s__CAG-791 sp029224465
s__Robertmurraya kyonggiensis
s__SXOX01 sp005776585
s__UBA5868 sp002432095
s__Coprococcus sp017935345
s__UBA11452 sp949287225
s__JAAZLJ01 sp012799365
s__UBA952 sp913020765
s__Gillisia lutea
s__Lysobacter_B sp023393895
s__Glaciecola sp002836745
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216975
s__JANQLS01 sp028280485
s__Halobacillus locisalis
s__UBA1994 sp937995755
s__Collinsella sp902489955
s__JAGMZX01 sp029556545
s__JADJOU01 sp017997815
s__F-183 sp018268875
s__JACRCG01 sp009886055
s__Roseovarius sp019599045
s__Zeimonas arvi
s__Cybelea sp013289785
s__DAOWAM01 sp030634585
s__CAKSQF01 sp947588825
s__JAOSJO01 sp027494055
s__CF-107 sp005881435
s__JAADEN01 sp013153335
s__Anaerobacillus_A sp020165985
s__Cupriavidus sp900104095
s__S139-71 sp026991215
s__PXAS01 sp003565815
s__PALSA-926 sp016195185
s__JAGGXA01 sp021163285
s__Mesorhizobium sanjuanii
s__Parvularcula oceani
s__RGIG4140 sp947586835
s__HGM12619 sp017621705
s__Eubacterium_I sp021204005
s__Salisediminibacterium selenitireducens
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AE
s__CAG-510 sp947631685
s__PUPG01 sp007134525
s__Acidiluteibacter sp028336925
s__DTU029 sp012518635
s__Accumulibacter sp907163085
s__JAUYJT01 sp030700225
s__RF16 sp017478725
s__Choladousia sp947626965
s__Sulfuricystis sp002347285
s__JAJDZL01 sp022823405
s__Pelagibacter sp902573705
s__Tropicimonas sp003390845
s__Onthocola_B sp944363795
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp947253055
s__UBA11663 sp011524845
s__BNZN01 sp031266415
s__Aliiroseovarius sp947492455
s__JAFAFE01 sp023457895
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017561765
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947166945
s__UBA10347 sp938015575
s__Corynebacterium sp900618065
s__UBA4311 sp017444125
s__Paracoccus sp030538705
s__Prevotella sp902800245
s__WHSR01 sp009379995
s__Sphingomonas hominis
s__Clostridium_A sp902490005
s__CAZU01 sp949290295
s__JAGQSZ01 sp020439285
s__Collinsella sp019414605
s__GCA-2715965 sp002715965
s__GCA-2401865 sp002401865
s__JAJDAD01 sp029262055
s__Bact-08 sp001769195
s__JAEUQS01 sp016789625
s__Enterousia sp947367055
s__Marortus sp018066965
s__Vibrio syngnathi
s__UBA2396 sp002343325
s__Haemophilus_D sp937976265
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902785355
s__CANRDQ01 sp947632065
s__Ferruginibacter sp025360525
s__Suilimivivens sp017411305
s__Bact-19 sp031275085
s__Kmv16 sp024636225
s__Casimicrobium sp017989135
s__JACRCG01 sp025355965
s__Mucinivorans sp947037995
s__Phototrophicus sp002699585
s__UMGS1696 sp015063455
s__Agathobacter sp017407605
s__JAUHWW01 sp030427365
s__WRCT01 sp009779405
s__Spirulina_A subsalsa_A
s__Planktophila sp018970885
s__Tidjanibacter sp947852905
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp944382105
s__Devosia_A enhydra
s__JAGOPO01 sp020847715
s__Limimorpha sp946407975
s__JAHILT01 sp018896875
s__Enterousia sp015062445
s__JACQBQ01 sp016201905
s__Clostridium_L putrefaciens
s__SIAF01 sp009691905
s__2-01-FULL-51-10 sp001823505
s__WRBX01 sp009784335
s__Clostridium sp030532265
s__Nitrosomonas sp023257295
s__Allosphingosinicella parva
s__Mariniplasma sp927441705
s__CAG-273 sp947591045
s__CAG-269 sp947623465
s__JADGGV01 sp019689775
s__Rubellimicrobium mesophilum
s__JAATET01 sp015655545
s__JAISGN01 sp031272705
s__Marvinbryantia sp947624335
s__Thermomonas brevis
s__MGBC124762 sp947628975
s__Sarcina sp947039605
s__Cognaticolwellia sp913058245
s__Mobilitalea sp012837605
s__Halioglobus sp016744355
s__Ureibacillus sp023405135
s__Catonella sp902796595
s__RUG11783 sp017432285
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900551335
s__Acetatifactor sp002431915
s__Paremcibacter sp013152755
s__Pseudoclavibacter_B sp946221025
s__Cellvibrio sp946481735
s__Cryobacterium sp026786305
s__Lutimonas sp030590765
s__Nardonella sp004296515
s__Agromyces sp030852935
s__JANXCM01 sp026004495
s__JADZBN01 sp020852075
s__UBA6491 sp002436505
s__Aequorivita sp900489465
s__RGIG10190 sp024401455
s__SLJD01 sp007135295
s__Sulfurimonas sp029215995
s__JARLHF01 sp031292375
s__JACDAV01 sp030447745
s__UBA4575 sp029253965
s__JAAUQQ01 sp938015405
s__Paenibacillus sp002438345
s__Gramella jeungdoensis
s__Kistimonas sp023146365
s__Sabulilitoribacter multivorans
s__JAAYZY01 sp012514615
s__SKHV01 sp007116765
s__UBA4285 sp946626755
s__OLB5 sp020852705
s__Faecalimicrobium sp017590215
s__Micropelagos sp002683515
s__Caccopulliclostridium sp944372715
s__JAJRRE01 sp024279745
s__Anaerobutyricum sp902795715
s__Collinsella sp902464965
s__CAKTXU01 sp934630995
s__Microbacterium sp001428485
s__Propionivibrio sp031280565
s__Naasia sp023734115
s__WRNU01 sp009779355
s__J093 sp024233215
s__Caccenecus sp944358115
s__Collinsella sp902494715
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp030689645
s__CAKZLR01 sp937127165
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946610715
s__VBAS01 sp005882975
s__JAQIBY01 sp027858835
s__JABSSG01 sp013214525
s__UBA1206 sp902772845
s__Lentzea terrae
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium sp027448985
s__WQXQ01 sp031256635
s__CAG-492 sp017937285
s__Aquabacterium_A sp001770815
s__PWPS01 sp003554915
s__UWMA-0277 sp905612305
s__Bacillus_BN alkalitolerans
s__UBA4087 sp002382615
s__Nanosynbacter sp937935245
s__CAJQQK01 sp905480435
s__JAUNLJ01 sp030532305
s__Maliponia aquimaris
s__JALYVW01 sp030853005
s__SURF-3 sp011390415
s__Pseudogulbenkiania sp000527175
s__CAJQOT01 sp947485035
s__CAHJXG01 sp937873175
s__JAFDCJ01 sp029288035
s__Sphingomonas faeni_C
s__Novosphingobium terrae
s__CAG-710 sp016295795
s__JAUYJR01 sp030699255
s__JARKPB01 sp029975475
s__DTJG01 sp020722805
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp000757865
s__UBA685 sp011525265
s__JALOQQ01 sp025453315
s__Firm-07 sp015063895
s__UBA966 sp026386795
s__WRGS01 sp009781075
s__Urechidicola sp002401215
s__Mobilitalea sp012839295
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017431465
s__Porphyromonas sp938023125
s__UBA6898 sp016235245
s__SIG530 sp015067075
s__W260 sp030426265
s__Rifleibacterium sp002839435
s__JAAXQM01 sp012974295
s__Gracilibacter sp001516055
s__Arenicella sp017854775
s__Nitratireductor sp024655565
s__NIES-981 sp024346355
s__JACRPT01 sp025357055
s__CAIUKV01 sp016870245
s__SZUA-584 sp003249555
s__PBBK01 sp002717685
s__Flavobacterium sp009711135
s__Flexicrinis sp025454715
s__Fimbriiglobus sp025362195
s__Hymenobacter roseosalivarius
s__CAG-269 sp944388805
s__Coproplasma sp021199295
s__Tannerella sp031258835
s__Treponema_D sp030526505
s__UBA8366 sp913043025
s__AP-15 sp019237135
s__Lentzea waywayandensis
s__Planktophila sp029978465
s__Onthoplasma sp947623795
s__Aureibaculum marinum
s__WHSN01 sp031274845
s__Litorihabitans arcticus
s__Blastococcus aggregatus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902794395
s__Pelagibacter sp902554745
s__Cohnella sp948329515
s__MSPOR6 sp022828145
s__Agriterribacter sp020854215
s__JAAEKA01 sp014155705
s__Rhodoferax sp023231075
s__Pontibacter sp024171605
s__Limnohabitans_A parvus
s__CSP1-8 sp020346465
s__GCA-2746255 sp021776275
s__UBA974 sp002746975
s__JAOUFL01 sp029858245
s__Arthrobacter sp020251205
s__Pelagibacter sp902599625
s__SHVW01 sp016869645
s__Jiella sp024359545
s__UBA8389 sp030706285
s__Desulfamplus magnetovallimortis
s__Flavonifractor sp944385585
s__Campylobacter_D sp934728065
s__Sulfurovum sp015661795
s__Solitalea canadensis
s__Sphingomicrobium xanthum
s__Sphaerochaeta sp028532765
s__Lawsonibacter sp002161175
s__JASBUG01 sp030148025
s__RUG159 sp024689505
s__RUG14156 sp934692665
s__PEYH01 sp018817645
s__Rhizobium cauense
s__CAUJGC01 sp963169075
s__Novosphingobium huizhouense
s__Bacteroides sp031262385
s__Synoicihabitans sp937128785
s__JAAYXC01 sp012516115
s__RF16 sp902771935
s__Mycoplasma_L sp949299825
s__WRNU01 sp009778425
s__UBA1213 sp017475765
s__Flavobacterium sp017984035
s__Amycolatopsis_C sp009377395
s__JAEUNB01 sp016790625
s__Undibacterium sp022568815
s__JAHCHL01 sp026129745
s__JASJAX01 sp030066755
s__JAEUWD01 sp016786485
s__UBA10428 sp003252385
s__Streptomyces mashuensis
s__CAJXKD01 sp913055735
s__OLB19 sp021129655
s__Neorickettsia risticii
s__Prosthecobacter sp947458455
s__Nesterenkonia sp001758425
s__Collinsella sp958415625
s__JALYUS01 sp025924435
s__Thermus islandicus
s__DTU089 sp017437165
s__CADEEL01 sp016791425
s__UBA6163 sp002428205
s__JAAXHH01 sp026713285
s__Campylobacter_A sp938040115
s__UBA2645 sp937927795
s__SG8-38 sp030622585
s__Phocaeicola sp944319745
s__Odoribacter sp020024465
s__Rhizobium sp902706285
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp947626995
s__JAITOS01 sp031289735
s__Pristimantibacillus nanensis
s__UBA6448 sp017434825
s__AG-409-L14 sp003215545
s__Novosphingobium sp002855555
s__Pseudomonas_E cichorii_B
s__SFTH01 sp947600345
s__Collinsella sp902490325
s__CAINCZ01 sp903847195
s__Streptococcus oralis_J
s__Palsa-465 sp955652345
s__UBA952 sp018883325
s__Dethiosulfovibrio sp028709985
s__UBA1752 sp017615235
s__Cohnella sp900112065
s__UBA5195 sp003130845
s__CAG-196 sp934754515
s__Nocardia kruczakiae
s__Coprousia sp949294785
s__CALNBE01 sp031279675
s__SYAN01 sp005787575
s__JABDLV01 sp013001815
s__JAGRKQ01 sp020442235
s__Propioniciclava soli
s__JACRNJ01 sp030690165
s__JAHELU01 sp029857855
s__SYHX01 sp009926405
s__VMFU01 sp007376205
s__JAIRKW01 sp031270285
s__Enterousia sp947165335
s__Fructobacillus durionis
s__JAFGQI01 sp016935755
s__Natronincola ferrireducens
s__UBA967 sp937888355
s__Faecousia sp017409645
s__RUG14319 sp902797845
s__BRH-c25 sp029553855
s__21-14-0-10-47-8-A sp016234585
s__JAAFHV01 sp016712525
s__Kangiella koreensis
s__JALZVN01 sp938018185
s__PALSA-610 sp030839005
s__JAJRXE01 sp024276455
s__Caballeronia megalochromosomata
s__Pelagibacter sp902627935
s__Propionivibrio sp907163075
s__M0603 sp018675575
s__UBA2965 sp002707325
s__AR37 sp030647435
s__JJ008 sp016192105
s__Gemmobacter_B sp002256185
s__Methylobacterium sp022702195
s__HGM04593 sp937900095
s__UBA6448 sp017544165
s__UBA4720 sp025357975
s__Catonella morbi
s__JAQUQA01 sp028716305
s__Meiothermus cerbereus
s__Streptomyces sp010550245
s__Nocardia blacklockiae
s__CALBKH01 sp937892955
s__Agaribacterium haliotis
s__JAOUFN01 sp029858285
s__Caproiciproducens sp023390175
s__BS750m-G10 sp016783825
s__UBA953 sp947456525
s__Naasia aerilata
s__RUG626 sp947589545
s__JANXCC01 sp026414955
s__Sodaliphilus sp030526455
s__Polaribacter sp030731695
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023422775
s__Ferruginibacter sp937996595
s__Phenylobacterium sp903912465
s__WRAH01 sp009788085
s__DAOVXR01 sp030636065
s__Pedobacter sp016429005
s__UBA11889 sp022448765
s__Pararhodobacter marinus
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017384945
s__JAHDCA01 sp020630115
s__Onthomonas sp902784305
s__CFX2 sp016788965
s__JACPXH01 sp016196625
s__UBA2487 sp002341815
s__Aminomonas paucivorans
s__Actinoplanes sp026626335
s__Helicobacter_A sp949299115
s__Sabulitectum sp021107435
s__JAHFFN01 sp023247915
s__JAAYGU01 sp029782135
s__UBA1067 sp017959645
s__JAGXKI01 sp018335295
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp016786565
s__Maribacter_C sp947486785
s__T3Sed10-140 sp007129405
s__Blastococcus sp004570385
s__Rubritalea squalenifaciens
s__Pseudalkalibacillus sp019720915
s__Umezawaea endophytica
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens
s__Microcoleus sp949127775
s__Streptomyces rishiriensis
s__Mobilitalea sp023425485
s__JAUYPE01 sp030697705
s__Streptococcus mitis_AY
s__JAHJMN01 sp016937155
s__JASBTX01 sp030148225
s__Cryobacterium sp019443325
s__Ruminococcus sp024691275
s__Methylophilus sp000515275
s__JALYZW01 sp030945725
s__CALFBW01 sp937951415
s__JADMJV01 sp018780265
s__JADQCB01 sp016278325
s__Anaerococcus provencensis
s__Massiliimalia massiliensis
s__RZYP01 sp009930275
s__GCA-020347585 sp020347585
s__Mariniblastus sp029247405
s__Cupriavidus pampae
s__JAAZIX01 sp012800655
s__UBA1740 sp015063385
s__Neisseria zalophi
s__GCA-2733575 sp002733575
s__Nocardioides albidus
s__Williamsia_A serinedens
s__Pseudomonas_E chlororaphis_D
s__Lysobacter solisilvae
s__SKJO01 sp007121975
s__Nonomuraea roseoviolacea
s__Neisseria sp937919795
s__Sporosarcina gallistercoris
s__UMGS1322 sp017502165
s__JADFUQ01 sp022561875
s__Mycobacterium sp018882965
s__Sphingobacterium sp031253985
s__Saccharospirillum alexandrii
s__Naka2016 sp003731685
s__Gordonia spumicola
s__Nonomuraea thailandensis
s__RBG-13-53-26 sp001795035
s__M55B120 sp022865545
s__Anaerobranca californiensis
s__Microcystis aeruginosa_G
s__RUG14243 sp905236845
s__Lentimicrobium sp009773515
s__LMDS01 sp025350965
s__AG-409-B13 sp003216035
s__Koinonema sp016446395
s__Thalassobaculum_A sp018401495
s__Citrobacter sp018342065
s__JANXMY01 sp025353925
s__JABDIP01 sp013003675
s__JABWAN01 sp013361015
s__Halarcobacter sp002869565
s__Quinella sp946543495
s__JAKEFC01 sp022616235
s__JAJTYI01 sp937871845
s__Occallatibacter sp028876335
s__Nitrosomonas oligotropha_B
s__Profundibacter sp001321835
s__Humidesulfovibrio sp018817515
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938045495
s__21-14-0-20-63-9 sp002796105
s__UBA11222 sp009693835
s__Balnearium sp027075275
s__Desulfotignum sp011389575
s__Jiangella anatolica
s__CAG-196 sp944322625
s__HKST-UBA22 sp020429045
s__SKVJ01 sp003562475
s__Rhodovulum strictum
s__JADFVX01 sp015222755
s__PALSA-926 sp023266795
s__CALKMO01 sp937991785
s__UBA6022 sp946479665
s__Pauljensenia vaccimaxillae
s__Sulfitobacter noctilucae
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017646765
s__Pigmentiphaga sp003854895
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882295
s__MGBC108787 sp947628965
s__HGM12619 sp947305805
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003105155
s__Streptococcus oralis_CH
s__UBA1067 sp017650345
s__Gleimia sp030532515
s__CAG-115 sp015067175
s__JAIRMY01 sp031258615
s__JAMDDL01 sp021371805
s__GCA-2724505 sp002724505
s__CADCSY01 sp902805555
s__CAIYPH01 sp903845065
s__Lysobacter sp030053425
s__BPGG01 sp026002915
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp021201175
s__UBA4372 sp017541265
s__Vibrio aestivus
s__Natronospirillum operosum
s__UBA8131 sp003509825
s__CANLGQ01 sp947490265
s__Nanosyncoccus sp938046735
s__F1-60-MAGs140 sp016868485
s__Diaphorobacter_A aerolatus
s__Clostridium_AI sp934438135
s__GCA-2401735 sp006844635
s__Desulfovulcanus ferrireducens
s__Streptomyces sp013450295
s__Tenacibaculum sp020629275
s__RAAP-2 sp003170315
s__Lysobacter bugurensis
s__Arthrobacter sp900102785
s__Xylanimonas pachnodae
s__Koinonema sp015296065
s__Streptomyces aureoverticillatus
s__UBA1429 sp007132185
s__Mobilitalea sp023415055
s__RAAP-1 sp016219185
s__CASDZK01 sp949286165
s__VXRD01 sp958295785
s__JACRJW01 sp016235605
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029051645
s__RGIG4733 sp017472325
s__ATZT02 sp023254955
s__MAG-120802 sp009924185
s__Roseivivax jejudonensis
s__HGM12713 sp015063845
s__Xylanivirga thermophila
s__Brevundimonas sp946481425
s__DTKZ01 sp026418195
s__UBA11591 sp003487525
s__Agathobaculum sp900625105
s__Maribacter forsetii
s__Saccharicenans sp026414545
s__CAG-269 sp944386755
s__Roseimicrobium sp011044495
s__JACORV01 sp016179225
s__Roseicyclus mahoneyensis
s__JAAUTG01 sp012031785
s__Poriferisphaera corsica
s__Coxiella sp907164955
s__JAGGVT01 sp021157815
s__Myxococcus qinghaiensis
s__Patiriisocius sp913048115
s__Paenibacillus_AG sediminis
s__Sphingomonas_N oligoaromativorans
s__JAICNR01 sp025931135
s__Weissella confusa_C
s__WSYB01 sp009773645
s__UBA5976 sp027484085
s__Gaiella sp016870235
s__Oxalicibacterium solurbis
s__RGVD01 sp947460565
s__JAGWUV01 sp028875875
s__JAJFJE01 sp021774355
s__JAKYXN01 sp022538095
s__JACPKU01 sp016186915
s__CANGWC01 sp947457515
s__Lentihominibacter sp934255435
s__JACCSI01 sp013813075
s__BM004 sp019312685
s__JAADDG01 sp013154075
s__Ruficoccus sp030425485
s__Choladousia sp020859995
s__Tenacibaculum sp947504185
s__C7867-002 sp026395095
s__MGBC108787 sp947631515
s__Prevotella sp021203705
s__JAADEN01 sp013153135
s__Brevundimonas fontaquae
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233525
s__JAPUIV01 sp027296665
s__2-02-FULL-65-29 sp001767435
s__Terriglobus_A albidus
s__Soudan-30 sp024637095
s__AG-414-E02 sp902608065
s__Idiomarina tyrosinivorans
s__Ndongobacter sp023393715
s__Rhodoferax sp020048295
s__Saprospira sp028464065
s__Arthrobacter sp013362385
s__Thiohalocapsa sp028277905
s__JAADCZ01 sp027067775
s__Lacticaseibacillus hulanensis
s__Dehalobacter sp024972775
s__Devosia_A sp023433985
s__UBA4722 sp002404295
s__Spirillospora sp004348425
s__JAHDHH01 sp020628855
s__Corynebacterium sp023418505
s__JALSNL01 sp026983755
s__Lysobacter_B sp018242405
s__CALCDT01 sp937900425
s__Enterenecus sp944385485
s__CAIURC01 sp945860355
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp016302655
s__AGPOR5 sp958296135
s__TMED96 sp902598305
s__Streptomyces sp026341515
s__Firm-04 sp024404815
s__Rubritalea marina
s__UBA4334 sp024401215
s__Polaromonas sp028292345
s__JAHDCO01 sp937951695
s__CALXGT01 sp944385915
s__Sphingobacterium sp002454415
s__SIG280 sp015058015
s__CAG-273 sp944393025
s__JAGOME01 sp017993715
s__JAKOVF01 sp029782225
s__CAMQVF01 sp947038115
s__DUEZ01 sp030598885
s__RPRC01 sp937886325
s__Streptococcus mitis_DF
s__Petrotoga sp003265365
s__Lentihominibacter sp030530285
s__Eubacterium_C sp905236225
s__Chelativorans_A alearense
s__JAUYPS01 sp030695705
s__CALTWN01 sp943913205
s__OFTM59 sp029260855
s__CHPMRC01 sp021297855
s__JAGRMG01 sp020441385
s__Gramella sp024644145
s__JAFDHS01 sp030589165
s__GCA-002733105 sp026988435
s__CAMDPA01 sp945903565
s__Sphingobacterium composti_A
s__UBA1306 sp025355995
s__JALSSH01 sp026984385
s__JANWIA01 sp025450105
s__DYGI01 sp016183535
s__M2005 sp026992375
s__629B-23 sp017743375
s__Protoclostridium sp017452405
s__UBA4334 sp017614895
s__Tabrizicola sp030694085
s__JAKPQE01 sp028278505
s__JANQET01 sp028278265
s__RAAP-1 sp026388755
s__Pelagibacter sp902570715
s__MWH-TA3 sp903882245
s__Jannaschia sp947503795
s__RFGD01 sp003696705
s__Paenibacillus_Z nasutitermitis
s__Anaerotruncus sp944387965
s__CAG-475 sp947629635
s__Ramlibacter algicola
s__Salinicola rhizosphaerae
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031273845
s__Seohaeicola sp020441135
s__Hinthialibacter antarcticus
s__Shimia abyssi
s__Scatovivens sp947064765
s__JABJOR01 sp024279135
s__VBAS01 sp025929635
s__JACROP01 sp016214385
s__Granulicella sp021778315
s__UBA1067 sp946615875
s__JAGOAJ01 sp013416485
s__Planifilum fimeticola
s__UBA7708 sp016935635
s__JAABRU01 sp011390755
s__Cohnella sp003990975
s__GWA1-54-10 sp001775485
s__RGIG7273 sp017560255
s__Saccharicrinis marinus
s__JACKDN01 sp030426945
s__Rathayibacter sp013205085
s__4484-188 sp002049825
s__CACIIZ01 sp902570265
s__JACRCL01 sp016219015
s__Microbispora sp019689655
s__Ottowia sp009778355
s__Microcella sp013297625
s__Flavobacterium sp023634865
s__CAITNM01 sp018062345
s__Sphingobacterium wenxiniae
s__Carboxylicivirga sp025210475
s__Thermoflexus sp017743605
s__Moheibacter sp012522185
s__Enterousia sp947305255
s__Scatovivens sp947585105
s__Mesorhizobium ciceri_B
s__JAFGLK01 sp016928125
s__Occallatibacter sp030040175
s__UBA5004 sp001825475
s__JAFGSA01 sp016934855
s__Multivorans sp951813015
s__Faeciplasma sp021200565
s__WOUP01 sp030673845
s__RF16 sp946059305
s__CALREA01 sp026395555
s__UBA6490 sp002435365
s__Alkaliphilus_D serpentinus
s__Luminiphilus sp028117185
s__Galactobacter valiniphilus
s__Corticibacterium sp002316345
s__UBA6049 sp002429085
s__Vibrio sp022397915
s__Iodobacter fluviatilis_A
s__GCA-002726655 sp022571415
s__Bog-756 sp021826655
s__Scatovivens sp947631185
s__UBA9145 sp022827425
s__Sphingobium sp900111125
s__Caldanaerovirga acetigignens
s__Croceibacterium salegens
s__RUG14258 sp017405645
s__Lentihominibacter sp030535275
s__Saccharibacillus sacchari
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027484105
s__S139-18 sp022447225
s__CASGDD01 sp949300115
s__JAHEKZ01 sp027118455
s__UBA1254 sp017963715
s__Pelagibacter sp902627735
s__Bog-950 sp028288545
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233645
s__RUG13409 sp017619905
s__WRAV01 sp031285945
s__Prevotella sp944320305
s__CALEDJ01 sp937951485
s__Ghiorsea sp027053695
s__SM23-62 sp030592145
s__Desulfocucumis sp000961595
s__UBA629 sp029779695
s__Enterococcus_A florum
s__Gracilimonas mengyeensis
s__UBA9973 sp003157195
s__Lysobacter_B sp014879375
s__Sphingopyxis sp025869345
s__Larkinella knui
s__Limimorpha sp017539045
s__Collinsella sp019414645
s__UBA6902 sp016222915
s__Scatovivens sp947057875
s__Desulfovibrio sp017396005
s__JAIFWN01 sp019661895
s__ELB16-189 sp019638285
s__JAAYNV01 sp012520645
s__CAG-269 sp017434295
s__OLB17 sp937873515
s__UBA4466 sp905479845
s__Hominilimicola sp947591315
s__Flagellimonas lutisoli
s__JABDLZ01 sp027621335
s__Curtobacterium sp001864835
s__F23-D06 sp017633495
s__Thiobacillus sp030679915
s__JACQOE01 sp016202695
s__Pelagibacter sp902627805
s__UBA4729 sp014378615
s__AG-337-I02 sp902517315
s__Belnapia mucosa
s__Limivicinus sp020025715
s__Avoscillospira sp945918815
s__Pseudoduganella violaceinigra
s__GCA-002715885 sp018675825
s__Methylotenera_A sp021732405
s__Mesorhizobium loti_A
s__Nonomuraea sediminis
s__Castellaniella sp027257175
s__Faeciplasma sp947624155
s__Veillonella_A ratti
s__Streptomyces sp020873915
s__Psychrobacillus sp029533155
s__B33-G16 sp030612685
s__RGIG2000 sp017624905
s__Aurantimonas marina
s__RGIG1681 sp017399515
s__Flavobacterium terrae
s__JAIOJS01 sp030429235
s__SXHT01 sp005773095
s__J130 sp003694235
s__Sulfurospirillum sp002452855
s__UMGS1613 sp947628685
s__K23-9 sp013002105
s__JAIFLN01 sp023265735
s__Brevibacillus panacihumi
s__JAFGIV01 sp016929435
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017459845
s__Paenibacillus auburnensis
s__Pseudochrobactrum kiredjianiae
s__UBA10364 sp018623275
s__UBA1205 sp937892025
s__Castellaniella sp002421865
s__D2472 sp029248485
s__Acetatifactor sp947648875
s__66-474 sp025928585
s__Palsa-187 sp902826605
s__Desulfatitalea sp937868765
s__Nonomuraea sp027620315
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902764715
s__UBA6987 sp902783765
s__JANQPI01 sp028289585
s__Trebonia sp025935815
s__BM002 sp022340745
s__UMGS687 sp949283975
s__Nocardioides sp025965125
s__Ramlibacter sp013697775
s__Vibrio splendidus_I
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp945639745
s__Pelagibacter sp902521885
s__Pelagibacter sp902550055
s__Streptomyces laurentii
s__CAG-307 sp944325035
s__VEOV01 sp017861215
s__Streptococcus sp030439915
s__DAOWIJ01 sp030640955
s__Algoriphagus sp014324365
s__Sphingomonas echinoides_A
s__JAAZFZ01 sp012511485
s__X156 sp030853285
s__MGBC102946 sp947572405
s__Weizmannia acidiproducens
s__Bifidobacterium sp937876495
s__Curtanaerobium sp905236045
s__CAKKQZ01 sp919902445
s__JAJZBW01 sp027306925
s__Sedimentimonas sp021378075
s__Geothermobacter sp003695205
s__Ruthenibacterium sp944388415
s__Butyricicoccus sp944381965
s__Sutcliffiella_A horikoshii_D
s__Sutcliffiella_A halmapala
s__J102 sp003694905
s__UBA9042 sp030425545
s__RUG12519 sp902789925
s__UBA961 sp009919265
s__Paludibacter sp028691965
s__Streptomyces gilvosporeus
s__JACCUL01 sp013811855
s__BS750m-G62 sp016782785
s__Flexivirga aerilata
s__JACCYG01 sp030862005
s__Paraburkholderia aromaticivorans
s__Reyranella sp018242505
s__Sphingomonas sp001423765
s__Thiomonas sp000733775
s__JAADCZ01 sp027003115
s__RUG11690 sp017525505
s__Defluviilinea sp003484265
s__Bosea sp900470095
s__SZUA-318 sp022340755
s__Adiutrix sp031263565
s__JALSQH01 sp026985515
s__Ellagibacter sp934654815
s__Collinsella sp902496115
s__CAG-115 sp947389015
s__Lepagella sp947175455
s__SIG655 sp015064585
s__Streptomyces cavernae
s__JAKASW01 sp023381845
s__RUG14199 sp902797495
s__Cupriavidus yeoncheonensis
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031276835
s__Hydrogenophaga sp023415035
s__GCA-2746425 sp016865015
s__JANQIS01 sp028282045
s__Ureibacillus telephonicus
s__Flavobacterium sp946220915
s__CAIXRA01 sp903921725
s__Staphylococcus sp001431205
s__JAHDDY01 sp938034615
s__Planobacterium sp023394415
s__Lapidilactobacillus luobeiensis
s__JAIOHN01 sp019912985
s__CAJBLF01 sp937862935
s__Collinsella sp902464175
s__Gordonia sp030152405
s__Syntrophotalea sp030154185
s__Bremerella alba
s__Emticicia sp027488335
s__UBA5004 sp019661805
s__JAGGZV01 sp021161835
s__CAILHX01 sp021414145
s__UBA1006 sp028697455
s__HGM11604 sp016295665
s__S143-145 sp026996985
s__Neobacillus kokaensis
s__Thioglobus_C sp937899995
s__Geothrix sp903876615
s__Deferrimicrobium sp020056975
s__Choladousia sp947626285
s__OLB17 sp016711345
s__Sulfuritalea sp026399415
s__Cephaloticoccus sp029979145
s__UBA685 sp002299005
s__CAITUV01 sp016875215
s__PUNP01 sp003551785
s__Thiovibrio sp021847425
s__Marinomonas posidonica
s__SKYL01 sp007127935
s__JAFUXM01 sp017451025
s__Nitrospira_C japonica_A
s__Rhodoferax_C sp002251855
s__Phenylobacterium sp030651185
s__Dyadobacter sp008369915
s__JABDGM01 sp013286045
s__JACPIA01 sp016188295
s__JAKLHH01 sp022710245
s__JAHJQK01 sp016875165
s__Limnohabitans_A sp937928195
s__Aquisediminimonas sp009923795
s__UBA925 sp002293705
s__JAGXSR01 sp018333405
s__Quinella sp905234395
s__Tannerella sp031272455
s__PWGF01 sp003554375
s__Faecousia sp017614755
s__AV69 sp003244125
s__CAG-269 sp934155265
s__Muricomes sp902489075
s__20CM-4-69-16 sp001917665
s__Paracidovorax sp001424265
s__Caccenecus sp944327365
s__UBA6164 sp030683605
s__UBA2316 sp002344565
s__Nitrosomonas sp019752095
s__Leeuwenhoekiella sp011050015
s__CANMTD01 sp947500775
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_J
s__CAJVWV01 sp913009695
s__Fibrobacter sp946407235
s__Brachybacterium sp001969445
s__Enterovirga sp028290205
s__Ventrenecus sp947626535
s__UBA4416 sp963169355
s__JALYRV01 sp030855205
s__JAKEFK01 sp022616075
s__VBAU01 sp005883855
s__Vibrio gallicus
s__Holophaga sp016715205
s__CALVXC01 sp019421005
s__Methylotetracoccus sp004168015
s__JAUXIO01 sp030620975
s__Sphingobacterium bovisgrunnientis
s__RUG14515 sp012511695
s__Deferrimicrobium sp021812885
s__Borkfalkia sp949291725
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp026395175
s__Parafilimonas sp023391315
s__GCA-002715585 sp913050245
s__Polaribacter sejongensis_A
s__UBA1715 sp017642535
s__F23-D06 sp905233745
s__Agrococcus sp018308945
s__JAITII01 sp031279515
s__Gordonia zhenghanii
s__Parasphingopyxis sp905479515
s__Pseudolabrys sp023386635
s__UBA1140 sp027056485
s__Acutalibacter sp022511515
s__Bermanella sp947503895
s__CAIYZT01 sp947461435
s__Brevundimonas sp017744255
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp025057595
s__Agrococcus sp030758955
s__Pseudomaricurvus alkylphenolicus
s__NK4A144 sp000701625
s__Butyrivibrio sp015056575
s__Afipia sp017474385
s__JAHJQK01 sp018819135
s__UBA9732 sp902796335
s__JABMRZ01 sp013202315
s__Ruminococcus sp017622925
s__SPDA01 sp004525155
s__CAIMPC01 sp016935115
s__Nyctobacter sp030853905
s__Algoriphagus locisalis
s__Desulfonema limicola
s__Onthoplasma sp944384445
s__Coxiella sp030643785
s__RF16 sp016297215
s__JACCZZ01 sp013695775
s__Dysosmobacter_A acutus
s__SpSt-501 sp025454275
s__BPGH01 sp026002935
s__Blastococcus haudaquaticus
s__Fluviicola sp020849495
s__Tidjanibacter sp937911745
s__Bifidobacterium leontopitheci
s__Saccharimonas sp937898545
s__JAPLXF01 sp026396205
s__JAADGE01 sp029932445
s__DURK01 sp012837325
s__Pseudopelobacter sp013377095
s__GCA-2704625 sp902581795
s__UBA3789 sp902794075
s__JACPNY01 sp016185255
s__Zrk29 sp013745115
s__Casimicrobium sp013298765
s__Arenimonas caeni
s__JAIRZM01 sp031275895
s__Micromonospora arida
s__Reichenbachiella sp025833875
s__Pelagibacter sp902633515
s__Yoonia sp947496605
s__WTJX01 sp011524675
s__UBA2336 sp016786585
s__UBA1711 sp905235855
s__Clostridium sp015058375
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028287975
s__Exilibacterium tricleocarpae
s__9FT-COMBO-48-23 sp016865855
s__Bin55 sp011525295
s__Cyanobium sp026389335
s__Deferrimicrobium sp017881405
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BW
s__Sphingomonas sp025231525
s__JADFON01 sp022562855
s__RBG-16-40-8 sp027459485
s__CALCEB01 sp937900045
s__Abyssibacter sp937896565
s__JAQBVK01 sp027623585
s__Corynebacterium sp001875725
s__Rhizobium sp001999485
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902571145
s__JAJRWT01 sp024276675
s__HIMB59 sp902529795
s__Enterococcus sp016745255
s__UBA12078 sp903906305
s__Moraxella_C lincolnii
s__Mucilaginibacter ginkgonis
s__FEN-1191 sp025357915
s__JALHUC01 sp020349685
s__JAMXLJ01 sp024281095
s__2-12-FULL-49-11 sp001794905
s__Pelagibacter sp902568235
s__JAISIU01 sp031261885
s__Lacrimispora sp900155545
s__Novosphingobium sp002336765
s__UBA12465 sp009995495
s__Salipaludibacillus keqinensis
s__Pseudomonas_E sp002256055
s__Pelagibacter sp902577285
s__JAKLFF01 sp022711335
s__JAEZXH01 sp023442775
s__CAJBVG01 sp020058405
s__Collinsella sp014871605
s__Lacrimispora sp007115105
s__JAJYBA01 sp021779235
s__Devosia riboflavina
s__Lacisediminihabitans profunda
s__Variovorax sp901827155
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902606505
s__Wolbachia sp031284675
s__JAGXOF01 sp023660035
s__Pelagibacter sp902572945
s__Anaerotignum sp023413275
s__JAPLML01 sp026387055
s__JAKLIP01 sp022709545
s__UBA9655 sp021731585
s__Chlorobium sp005843815
s__SIG636 sp017521025
s__Caccopulliclostridium sp944361835
s__Methyloprofundus sp026989715
s__Afipia sp017305515
s__Anaeroplasma sp024696565
s__AV69 sp003219115
s__Blautia_A sp946557785
s__Caldatribacterium sp028275365
s__Arachnia flavescens_A
s__UBA1081 sp024699005
s__Caryophanon sp018384745
s__Tenacibaculum larymnensis
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902594875
s__Caccovivens sp949878485
s__Oleiliquidispirillum nitrogeniifigens
s__JAHEHQ01 sp030145425
s__Eubacterium_F sp947169235
s__JANQLY01 sp028280345
s__JAATGI01 sp015654725
s__Fen-1118 sp003159055
s__Collinsella sp902478545
s__Telluria polaris
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp031282465
s__Sphingomonas_I sp934560975
s__AG-414-E02 sp902606665
s__BNUV01 sp025997615
s__Butyrivibrio sp024687125
s__CAIXTV01 sp903922465
s__CABUVL01 sp031260015
s__28-YEA-48 sp947478405
s__Nocardioides_A sp030698375
s__GCA-2686945 sp028823345
s__Klenkia sp024124375
s__UBA4729 sp014377525
s__JAJPGW01 sp025451335
s__B1SED10-74M sp003550645
s__JAEUMD01 sp937873575
s__RBG-16-34-14 sp030648225
s__Bermanella sp913054055
s__HRBIN23 sp002923335
s__JAHWKH01 sp019347995
s__Gilvimarinus polysaccharolyticus
s__Mucilaginibacter aquatilis
s__Pleomorphomonas sp018262505
s__Gaiella sp027493885
s__JAHBWV01 sp026647565
s__JAEZLB01 sp023435945
s__RGIG1752 sp017398945
s__Agrilactobacillus fermenti
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023398105
s__BOG-908 sp003133065
s__Stenotrophomonas cyclobalanopsidis
s__Prevotella sp002316005
s__JAKASR01 sp021789895
s__Dokdonella koreensis
s__GCA-002715585 sp913050325
s__Flavobacterium sp024710485
s__UBA10183 sp002780805
s__Sinanaerobacter chloroacetimidivorans
s__Monoglobus sp947630505
s__Edaphobacter sp028283685
s__UBA1419 sp012515495
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp025458125
s__JAACSU01 sp020631575
s__CAIKBL01 sp016874535
s__Pseudothioglobus sp913044155
s__Streptococcus sp905221145
s__JAQVGB01 sp028696915
s__Chryseobacterium gwangjuense
s__Sphingomonas endophytica_A
s__Palsa-1447 sp003151495
s__M55B112 sp937129385
s__Rhizobium_E alvei
s__SYFY01 sp005799745
s__JANQPP01 sp028289405
s__JALOPS01 sp025453745
s__Taurinivorans sp949299515
s__UBA4951 sp944350325
s__JAIRTF01 sp031278075
s__UBA1752 sp017563195
s__Pseudonocardia endophytica
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945869165
s__ZC4RG34 sp003242255
s__SIG469 sp015068245
s__Tremblaya phenacola_D
s__Psychrobacter sp014770435
s__Actinoplanes rishiriensis
s__JASMAO01 sp030754315
s__JACRDN01 sp016218575
s__Planktophila sp026392845
s__Ilumatobacter_A nonamiensis
s__UBA6414 sp934130855
s__RFPW01 sp009922405
s__WGMI01 sp016125155
s__28-YEA-48 sp028290285
s__GCA-001735895 sp024686195
s__JAJFMB01 sp021772355
s__JAJRRA01 sp030637665
s__UBA1206 sp028701715
s__UBA5272 sp018061825
s__Scytonema bouteillei
s__QQUK01 sp008501655
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938002925
s__CALLQI01 sp938014885
s__SZUA-229 sp003349885
s__Flavobacterium aciduliphilum
s__Polaromonas sp012927415
s__SZUA-430 sp902826695
s__Marinicella sp938008005
s__RUG14087 sp902784055
s__Pollutimonas sp013416445
s__Glo-13 sp947259645
s__Blastococcus sp902805535
s__Metabacillus rhizolycopersici
s__Streptomyces sp018070345
s__UBA8248 sp003506735
s__Streptococcus sp905221215
s__SCRD01 sp021780055
s__Paucisalibacillus californiensis
s__JADFXM01 sp015232575
s__MWH-TA3 sp947486475
s__Phaeospirillum fulvum_A
s__RGIG4608 sp937884385
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028103285
s__JAAETI01 sp030065575
s__Culicoidibacter larvae
s__UBA9628 sp903881545
s__CV81 sp902826095
s__CACIJG01 sp902524845
s__HA3dbin3 sp015228935
s__Merdicola sp944393475
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945948555
s__JAQTMD01 sp026416665
s__UBA1189 sp947303715
s__UBA3961 sp016721085
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029946075
s__Hymenobacter glacieicola
s__Smithella sp002840505
s__JAUHYX01 sp030426285
s__Leucobacter salsicius
s__JAUYPR01 sp030695785
s__Pseudomonas_T mangiferae
s__Rudanella sp026785985
s__Nocardia neocaledoniensis_A
s__JAOZOL01 sp029933295
s__Bacterioplanoides sp024397975
s__Thermobaculum terrenum
s__JAJYLS01 sp021787555
s__PTLJ01 sp002938045
s__JAJYVT01 sp021787255
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra_F
s__Herbivorax alkalicellulosi
s__Aurantimicrobium minutum_C
s__Cloacimonas sp002840645
s__Prevotella sp016281055
s__Alcanivorax sp002733835
s__CALFYT01 sp937952415
s__Lactiplantibacillus daowaiensis
s__Pseudohaliea rubra
s__Saccharicrinis sp024635585
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881575
s__Tepidicaulis sp002389665
s__SZUA-36 sp021772915
s__UBA5186 sp030913835
s__Chloroflexus sp030550625
s__Veillonella sp934190855
s__Acidipropionibacterium sp022647765
s__JAGQJR01 sp020430545
s__Solirubrobacter sp025935735
s__Lactobacillus sp014803895
s__RBG-16-49-21 sp016933025
s__PALSA-1295 sp021324735
s__Marmoricola sp030151765
s__UMGS755 sp015069045
s__JAUUYH01 sp030590505
s__Flagellatimonas centrodinii
s__WQXQ01 sp031256195
s__Leucobacter celer
s__JAUMXB01 sp030529365
s__OACT-916 sp003260275
s__RGIG8745 sp017621515
s__Trinickia acidisoli
s__Pseudomonas_E guineae
s__Collinsella sp937958315
s__Methylomicrobium lacus
s__Aulosira sp002154695
s__JAGPCH01 sp020437545
s__WOUV01 sp009773045
s__JAFGKU01 sp016928415
s__W3P20-009 sp934725785
s__Parasphingopyxis sp013001755
s__Altimarinus sp024635475
s__CAG-115 sp947629335
s__Caldilinea sp937928035
s__Inordinaticella contractile_A
s__HGM04593 sp017555845
s__JAJYKO01 sp021788565
s__Humimicrobium sp012837825
s__Aureimonas frigidaquae
s__JAHDCE01 sp020627985
s__JABHSK01 sp018669975
s__JAQUEK01 sp028685185
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902600395
s__JAHELM01 sp024644185
s__SM23-28-2 sp022866185
s__Amylibacter sp024227475
s__RGIG1874 sp949283215
s__JAGOOR01 sp937920005
s__DYLV01 sp026419015
s__Hydrogenimonas sp027065635
s__RGIG3009 sp017631705
s__JAGOUK01 sp018061225
s__DUUI01 sp012512455
s__Scybalousia sp947589515
s__Limnothrix sp000316605
s__JALHOR01 sp025454495
s__UBA1312 sp016786525
s__Didemnitutus sp013821985
s__JAAFJR01 sp013298815
s__SLSG01 sp007130545
s__SAR86A sp902583575
s__UBA11098 sp003534085
s__Flavimaricola sp937916485
s__Prevotella sp017632825
s__JANTGP01 sp024762835
s__Caccoplasma_A sp949297125
s__UBA3633 sp946407765
s__Tateyamaria sp007995245
s__RGIG7114 sp015067465
s__SKLC01 sp007123425
s__CAIVPM01 sp026391115
s__Brachybacterium subflavum
s__UM-FILTER-42-10 sp002784945
s__Comamonas piscis
s__Amycolatopsis jiangsuensis
s__Hymenobacter sp937871705
s__Agaricicola sp023389135
s__Modestobacter sp026967925
s__9FT-COMBO-48-23 sp016875875
s__DUUI01 sp012512495
s__JABSRN01 sp013214025
s__RUG592 sp902773045
s__Limiplasma sp009783365
s__Flavobacterium sp029959285
s__RGIG1476 sp017537945
s__Bythopirellula sp029259945
s__2-01-FULL-44-17 sp016181175
s__JAQVHJ01 sp028696285
s__CAG-269 sp934179885
s__Nonlabens xiamenensis
s__SB21 sp016787925
s__WHTF01 sp021323355
s__AG-422-B15 sp902565955
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp002733385
s__JAKVBZ01 sp022448645
s__SURF-28 sp020724265
s__Oscillibacter sp023395775
s__SHYK01 sp009692845
s__JAAYOP01 sp012523085
s__RGIG6105 sp017539905
s__Ferriphaselus amnicola
s__Avelusimicrobium sp016282685
s__JAHHTG01 sp020024765
s__BM002 sp020350905
s__Iodobacter sp000969645
s__Isoalcanivorax sp009846755
s__Thiobacillus sp021783275
s__JAHDCK01 sp020629915
s__JANYCD01 sp025360425
s__RUG369 sp017559825
s__Ohtaekwangia sp946480685
s__LMUY01 sp009765685
s__Desulfomicrobium sp003542385
s__RGIG2000 sp017399145
s__Spyradocola sp002315655
s__Paraburkholderia sp000472445
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_AC
s__Faecalibacillus sp949290865
s__Rossellomorea sp011398925
s__G022818785 sp022818785
s__Novosphingobium sp009707465
s__ZODW24 sp947504025
s__JAKLKB01 sp023150835
s__UMGS1449 sp934102055
s__Borrelia turcica
s__RF16 sp024400275
s__Comamonas sp902175065
s__JAIBBG01 sp947465255
s__Cyanobacterium stanieri_B
s__Humibacter sp022761015
s__Albidovulum sp008933605
s__Ammonifex thiophilus
s__JAFGHF01 sp016939375
s__Desulfobacula sp011390085
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947627695
s__UBA1100 sp011523245
s__Usitatibacter palustris
s__Elarobacter sp027923555
s__Sediminibacterium sp025363385
s__Scatosoma sp017415505
s__Acetatifactor sp017520425
s__WRAP01 sp009781235
s__Streptomyces zaomyceticus
s__Devosia sp001427605
s__JAEKLB01 sp025464025
s__JAEZDC01 sp024508725
s__UBA6055 sp026707745
s__JAURWL01 sp030691775
s__JAUXHF01 sp030621685
s__Onthomorpha sp017647785
s__CAG-269 sp946409935
s__UBA953 sp003569245
s__JAJFVC01 sp021372005
s__WMHbin7 sp902725215
s__JASBZE01 sp029983575
s__Streptomyces sp000721935
s__Bifidobacterium sp024104275
s__CADCUO01 sp025965155
s__Enterocola sp024405875
s__UBA9973 sp020851595
s__HGM10818 sp934167825
s__CAG-492 sp019417465
s__Streptomonospora sp009728995
s__Quinella sp905236285
s__Demequina globuliformis
s__Chersky-840 sp017882995
s__UBA6918 sp002450925
s__Saccharimonas sp015257605
s__JALRBM01 sp023257755
s__UMGS1601 sp947631455
s__JACDHN01 sp013815505
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017652765
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020437905
s__UBA1413 sp027451165
s__Chloroploca mongolica
s__CANHVK01 sp947455515
s__Kangsaoukella sp030066855
s__PNKL01 sp023249305
s__JAADHO01 sp013151775
s__Corynebacterium sp946222305
s__UBA737 sp017423885
s__RAAP-2 sp903832015
s__Salicibibacter cibi
s__Collinsella sp959026535
s__Moorella glycerini
s__Chlorobium_A sp028277225
s__Streptomyces sp030063135
s__Aliterella sp030826005
s__UBA1738 sp017468095
s__Ruminococcus_E sp945980035
s__FEN-979 sp026391795
s__JASJCP01 sp030065315
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp029865925
s__UBA2770 sp002352565
s__Brachybacterium vulturis
s__CAG-873 sp014800065
s__UBA4417 sp013376995
s__JANQNX01 sp028279365
s__Henriciella sp029936995
s__RUG11977 sp024696945
s__Nitrosomonas sp020890945
s__Caenibius sp028697875
s__Firm-04 sp944388075
s__Paenibacillus_AB ginsengarvi
s__SXYR01 sp009922495
s__Elainella bostrychoides
s__CAG-196 sp017395765
s__Imhoffiella drewsii
s__VBCG01 sp029884335
s__Bowdeniella nasicola
s__Brocadia caroliniensis
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214295
s__Terrabacter sp000620545
s__JAICTV01 sp025936175
s__HGW-17 sp020724705
s__Fictibacillus aquaticus
s__JAAWPK01 sp947627705
s__Fournierella sp944382775
s__UBA8248 sp030922375
s__Mangrovibacterium sp003246935
s__Enterovirga extorquens_A
s__CALKHQ01 sp937988735
s__Desulfocapsa sp030671085
s__Arthrobacter sp007858535
s__Tahibacter sp013298265
s__Rubrivivax sp016788525
s__Corynebacterium mustelae
s__UBA10103 sp023267655
s__Methylobacillus arboreus
s__JAIRLR01 sp031257815
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902590845
s__Flavobacterium sp018883065
s__JAHIVB01 sp028691315
s__CALGIA01 sp937916005
s__Flavobacterium frigoritolerans
s__Nocardioides donggukensis
s__Propionicimonas sp002428365
s__UBA1738 sp017551095
s__WRNU01 sp031282905
s__JACQPU01 sp016207365
s__UBA5004 sp030674415
s__Jiella sonneratiae
s__CAJJDF01 sp020630395
s__JAGOPC01 sp017992195
s__CAKZKQ01 sp937123825
s__Panacagrimonas sp946481265
s__MWAR01 sp017998915
s__Marisimplicoccus sp004214195
s__Pectobacterium fontis
s__Polaribacter sp002163835
s__Holophaga sp903868115
s__Salinimicrobium sp026676115
s__Nocardioides sp029210375
s__Lutimonas sp030425715
s__RGIG7926 sp024685005
s__JAHZHG01 sp019420425
s__JAOTZA01 sp029861655
s__Zophobihabitans entericus
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216415
s__Filomicrobium sp018830445
s__Chlorobium sp012972835
s__Hymenobacter sp001280305
s__Budvicia diplopodorum
s__JAFGPR01 sp016929735
s__Paenibacillus_I sp023386495
s__Glomeribacter gigasporarum_A
s__UA16 sp937881575
s__SYIB01 sp005798965
s__Sansalvadorimonas sp023502345
s__JACRMB01 sp016650015
s__Prevotella sp947306845
s__WGA-3G sp007571355
s__FB2012 sp019420505
s__VEPB01 sp012026715
s__JAITIJ01 sp031279495
s__JAIRQK01 sp031256525
s__JAUYEC01 sp030691585
s__Pelagibacter sp014654065
s__UBA737 sp945983355
s__Flavonifractor merdavium
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937923035
s__Agarivorans litoreus
s__UBA10347 sp937991435
s__Absconditicoccus praedator
s__Emticicia oligotrophica
s__JAAYIG01 sp012515615
s__Nanogingivalis sp938036155
s__Desulfogranum propionicus_C
s__JAGWRA01 sp028876655
s__Luteimonas_D sp001014645
s__Flavobacterium pectinovorum_B
s__JAJFIM01 sp021774915
s__ARS98 sp030430075
s__JAAWTG01 sp938005345
s__2-02-FULL-55-14 sp025454835
s__Pseudidiomarina andamanensis
s__Pirellula_B sp025459245
s__Schlegelella_A sp025351025
s__CTSoil-072 sp017861495
s__JAGRAX01 sp020434365
s__Polaromonas sp946479075
s__UBA1413 sp030602265
s__UBA1020 sp018060465
s__UBA1740 sp017961575
s__JAAYOR01 sp012520235
s__Microbacterium sp004010105
s__JAIQFS01 sp020073145
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947589255
s__UMGS1613 sp947632265
s__Pristimantibacillus sp011947265
s__JAGDVT01 sp023255765
s__JABDMD01 sp028279275
s__DSAP01 sp011046415
s__Dehalogenimonas lykanthroporepellens
s__VGKZ01 sp016866815
s__SYPI01 sp009692045
s__JAASSS01 sp021767745
s__JAUYLV01 sp030699565
s__C7867-001 sp030651285
s__Didemnitutus sp030681265
s__Prosthecobacter sp002336895
s__Hymenobacter yonginensis
s__Microbacterium sp030407765
s__Firm-16 sp902802325
s__RGIG529 sp017420125
s__Poriferisodalis sp022824805
s__Patulibacter sp015478825
s__Algoriphagus resistens
s__Fen-1298 sp016928255
s__DUMS01 sp012839745
s__CALAYL01 sp937894725
s__Sva-07 sp024643255
s__Altererythrobacter_D sp021431965
s__SOIV01 sp011773465
s__JAIRYT01 sp031283575
s__UBA1850 sp021776015
s__Rhizomicrobium sp028869725
s__JAJBSZ01 sp020860865
s__JAQBTY01 sp027624735
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp021151685
s__Bifidobacterium parmae
s__Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens
s__Pelobium sp014378105
s__JABFWF01 sp013362405
s__Spyradosoma sp017935025
s__Haloferula sp946885645
s__CAKZLS01 sp937127205
s__SLDF01 sp016706365
s__Flavobacterium sp023213215
s__W3P20-009 sp017390085
s__JAFGMC01 sp016927395
s__CAAFZY01 sp944393205
s__Fimenecus sp022508705
s__UBA4416 sp937868545
s__Pelotomaculum_C sp003489345
s__Treponema_C maltophilum
s__HOT-345 sp017453665
s__RZZR01 sp009929795
s__SZUA-444 sp937871145
s__Corynebacterium sp002967075
s__CAJOIG01 sp021199595
s__CAIUVD01 sp025362255
s__Cryomorpha ignava
s__RGIG3456 sp017458805
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030855555
s__CAAHEQ01 sp017962565
s__DSM-111022 sp015863185
s__JALRJA01 sp023255235
s__Robiginitalea sp014243345
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp016765255
s__Pararobbsia silviterrae
s__Cloacimonas sp028703735
s__UBA1189 sp017465905
s__MED-G105 sp004213235
s__UBA2286 sp021373175
s__4484-113 sp002050035
s__Halobacillus_A sp902809865
s__RBG-16-40-8 sp027451425
s__UBA3855 sp024684395
s__Ruegeria sp000158135
s__RUG14891 sp947165195
s__Actinomarina sp902521955
s__VGCI01 sp019746225
s__SCADC1-2-3 sp002402825
s__JABCPE02 sp937890925
s__UBA5158 sp031291255
s__JALYRK01 sp030854905
s__Pelagibacter sp902583295
s__Billgrantia sp025725665
s__Kribbella turkmenica
s__RGIG1959 sp015065805
s__RF16 sp937910305
s__Pedobacter gandavensis
s__SCTD01 sp004299215
s__Chryseobacterium takakiae
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_AG
s__UBA1140 sp027076905
s__Litoribacterium kuwaitense
s__UBA4572 sp021838585
s__Myxacorys chilensis
s__Faecalibacterium sp020025825
s__RPRC01 sp012797715
s__Sulfurovum sp026982075
s__Nitrospira_A sp018242665
s__JAKJGA01 sp022704645
s__FEN-1191 sp030038755
s__Algoriphagus machipongonensis
s__Coprovivens sp902795675
s__Azonexus sp907163225
s__JAFGFX01 sp016930855
s__RUG572 sp946631535
s__Arthrobacter sp019977335
s__JAKUNN01 sp022451885
s__JAHBTG01 sp019638695
s__Phytoplasma sp030588185
s__DAOVGU01 sp030637775
s__Mycobacterium sp022600695
s__JABWBC01 sp016793195
s__SYIB01 sp016873315
s__Limimorpha sp946185535
s__Prevotella sp017470055
s__Roseibium sp025698965
s__Chromobacterium sp024207115
s__BG8 sp016864555
s__JAILEI01 sp024688225
s__B8-G4 sp003648285
s__UBA5216 sp902825845
s__UBA5976 sp030157865
s__Pengzhenrongella sp004168625
s__Lentibacillus_B sp009741735
s__JAEXZL01 sp023440105
s__Haemophilus_D sp905207935
s__Coproplasma sp021204825
s__Suilimivivens sp002490775
s__SIG307 sp017465475
s__DC-out160 sp019090455
s__CALGKJ01 sp937930535
s__Novosphingobium sp029247785
s__Prevotella sp905235975
s__RGIG9114 sp018110785
s__UBA2991 sp022827945
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902589705
s__JAKJEM01 sp022705425
s__Plut-88865 sp012267425
s__Embleya sp009865215
s__Nitricoxidivorans perseverans
s__Pelagibacter sp902525935
s__JAAZCR01 sp012516175
s__Nocardioides sp030145945
s__E4-60 sp030531285
s__UBA6055 sp026706455
s__UBA4421 sp002684495
s__WRAD01 sp009784375
s__JAGHDE01 sp021160085
s__Cloacimonas sp017996595
s__JAAFHZ01 sp025359065
s__Mucilaginibacter corticis
s__UBA3291 sp031261265
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp000013565
s__JACRNJ01 sp016214995
s__UBA4951 sp017618495
s__UM-FILTER-38-24 sp023231115
s__UBA2334 sp013823635
s__Stenoxybacter acetivorans
s__JAIROE01 sp031278755
s__JAFGMQ01 sp016927455
s__UBA6680 sp025210735
s__RGEC01 sp016868535
s__Bulleidia sp902766675
s__UBA9715 sp946631805
s__SCTA01 sp004322275
s__CAIKBL01 sp030830685
s__Thermomicrobium sp026419575
s__Aureibaculum sp021648445
s__GCA-2724215 sp009845645
s__HGM11412 sp017558825
s__Flavobacterium faecale
s__LB3-1 sp016781525
s__Sphingomonas sanguinis_D
s__Alpinimonas psychrophila
s__CAJQQZ01 sp905480575
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334525
s__Streptococcus ictaluri
s__Sacchariniichlamydia saccharinae
s__Epibacterium sp937146765
s__Collinsella sp019424945
s__Syntrophopropionicum sp002402945
s__Natronospirillum sp022565775
s__JACQPY01 sp016204645
s__Poriferisodalis sp022828045
s__Akkermansia sp947631435
s__JAJPKI01 sp030038175
s__Sphingomonas sp004173185
s__Saccharimonas sp938036625
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp017849575
s__Thermophilibacter sp949296375
s__UBA9647 sp026390595
s__Geoanaerobacter sp000813145
s__RUG11247 sp023444095
s__Chitinophaga niabensis_A
s__Muriicola soli
s__Mesorhizobium_I sp023953905
s__JAADIZ01 sp024280575
s__Arctic95D-9 sp963205275
s__RGIG3525 sp017444705
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938041355
s__RGIG4608 sp017504245
s__UBA1205 sp905233585
s__JAIRZX01 sp031263485
s__Erythrobacter epoxidivorans
s__Akkermansia sp017546445
s__GCA-2683405 sp002683405
s__SURF-37 sp003599755
s__UMGS995 sp947624535
s__Nocardioides sp014108865
s__Elioraea sp937928775
s__JAHFQD01 sp023266455
s__UMGS1865 sp934481515
s__Luteipulveratus mongoliensis
s__UBA8828 sp947460445
s__CAISKJ01 sp947494865
s__Faunimonas sp013812985
s__Ferrimicrobium sp027365375
s__RGIG5579 sp017517325
s__RI-106 sp030431355
s__RGIG1959 sp017396175
s__NaphS2 sp000179315
s__JAAZLZ01 sp012799075
s__CALCOY01 sp937897325
s__UBA6168 sp029263015
s__LGRD01 sp001263235
s__Saccharofermentans sp015069215
s__Flavobacterium sp004211145
s__Defluviitalea_A sp012521175
s__Sphingobium estronivorans
s__RAAP-2 sp003132205
s__RUG591 sp017528315
s__Chloracidobacterium sp937966115
s__Aquimarina sp929200365
s__Oceanithermus sp027067955
s__Rathayibacter sp001995175
s__BS750-G32 sp016783355
s__Geohydrothermomicrobium sp937127245
s__CASDZK01 sp949296295
s__JAKLFG01 sp029573155
s__JAUVDZ01 sp030595015
s__Flagellimonas koreensis
s__JANQES01 sp028278205
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp003156695
s__Leadbettera sp009780855
s__Alteriqipengyuania sp002712945
s__Meiothermus rufus
s__Lachnospira sp030537195
s__RF16 sp905235225
s__Paracoccus aestuariivivens
s__JAGOOP01 sp022710715
s__Isachenkonia alkalipeptolytica
s__Tissierella_C simiarum
s__Kitasatospora sp000720635
s__UBA1141 sp002816455
s__HRBIN39 sp026982585
s__UBA2645 sp947487845
s__JACDDL01 sp013694625
s__Streptomyces sp012273515
s__Arthrobacter sp030816855
s__2-02-FULL-42-43 sp001801515
s__Fusibacter_C tunisiensis
s__Sneabacter namystus
s__Aliarcobacter sp947629065
s__DAOVCL01 sp029932675
s__JANQGB01 sp028277545
s__Trinickia sp013282575
s__Mariniflexile fucanivorans
s__Aquicoccus sp011389685
s__JAJQDJ01 sp021200395
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp938015485
s__Cystobacter ferrugineus
s__Hydrogenophaga sp002127265
s__SXXZ01 sp021298285
s__UBA6985 sp024683115
s__Sediminibacterium sp019747455
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902625845
s__C00003060 sp001751085
s__UMGS1663 sp946493085
s__Intestinibacter sp945931665
s__Winogradskyella sp947496485
s__Pseudopelobacter propionicus
s__DUNI01 sp012839445
s__UBA4311 sp946544555
s__Yaniella sp013393415
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401855
s__Phocaeicola sp949285025
s__UBA2093 sp016870215
s__Pelagibacter sp902612325
s__Piscibacillus salipiscarius
s__WQUG01 sp009785855
s__Serratia_I symbiotica_E
s__CAIQQM01 sp903873945
s__Tyrphobacter sp030040695
s__Algoriphagus sp937146645
s__CAKKSP01 sp919902045
s__Shewanella sp947501665
s__Prevotella sp947168045
s__Streptococcus oralis_B
s__SFWF01 sp949293385
s__Streptomyces caatingaensis
s__JAADJA01 sp024278155
s__RI-34 sp016124315
s__Leptospira_B fletcheri
s__Nitrosomonas sp031316255
s__AV69 sp030854105
s__JAOUOS01 sp029880285
s__1-14-0-10-42-19 sp002774705
s__Microvirga lupini
s__Nocardioides potassii
s__Mikella endobia
s__UBA12270 sp029553505
s__DAOWJC01 sp030640595
s__Ga0077553 sp020247055
s__Polaribacter sp913050305
s__BPGX01 sp027364695
s__JAIRKI01 sp031260185
s__Gordonia sp022513585
s__GCA-012562765 sp012568645
s__Planktophila sp903894425
s__Leptospira_A kobayashii
s__Sphingomonas sp934555855
s__Chryseobacterium sp003729935
s__40CM-4-68-19 sp005879095
s__Streptomyces sp001417775
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017958985
s__Streptomyces sp001426425
s__JAACFF01 sp020432765
s__JAZXM01 sp014240165
s__JACOYT01 sp016181725
s__JABMPK01 sp013203725
s__Gp1-AA133 sp003224995
s__Flavihumibacter sp001601815
s__RGIG7114 sp938023775
s__CAG-196 sp902760905
s__CALFXN01 sp937957815
s__JACKNG01 sp030429865
s__Isoptericola sp023241745
s__Mycoplasma_H elephantis
s__Bdellovibrio sp946478835
s__UBA1752 sp017630915
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp002773335
s__Nitrotoga sp927312905
s__Blastococcus sp004570875
s__JAIPGF01 sp021736205
s__CAIZWU01 sp028293305
s__JAANWZ01 sp018263585
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902571355
s__UBA10281 sp934254815
s__UBA9634 sp026388155
s__QYQL01 sp026398275
s__DTU067 sp012841865
s__JACJXF01 sp945863035
s__Sphingomicrobium sp902806275
s__JAFDCJ01 sp019310665
s__SPCO01 sp013698385
s__CAG-269 sp022790575
s__Mesorhizobium sp002294995
s__Streptomyces sp002847285
s__RF16 sp024399615
s__Thermoflavimicrobium daqui
s__Prosthecobacter sp027486585
s__UMGS2069 sp017444785
s__Fredericiella sp026645635
s__CAMIXG01 sp030146705
s__Rhodospirillum_A centenum
s__Lysobacter_B sp023461075
s__CAG-177 sp016288315
s__UBA1740 sp017938425
s__Syntrophotalea sp002424645
s__WQXQ01 sp009786675
s__JANYFH01 sp025362135
s__Nevskia sp031291075
s__Tumebacillus_A avium
s__JAAYFT01 sp012728125
s__Paenibacillus dokdonensis
s__Paenibacillus pabuli
s__FEN-727 sp003154635
s__AG-337-I02 sp902628835
s__JAHDIR01 sp020630675
s__JAFAFN01 sp023389745
s__Aristaeella sp946613955
s__RUG410 sp902763155
s__UBA2962 sp002311285
s__Peterkaempfera griseoplana
s__Collinsella sp902496775
s__Gemmobacter_B sp000500915
s__Parahaliea aestuarii
s__JAJRXC01 sp024276495
s__Vibrio sp021726515
s__JAFGTS01 sp016933965
s__JAGVIF01 sp020056205
s__Collinsella sp018373675
s__Sediminibacterium sp947454745
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp015478735
s__ZC3RG03 sp017577285
s__JABFSX01 sp013268835
s__Microbacterium sp000333395
s__JAOAHN01 sp026415215
s__Alectryobacillus sp944349595
s__SIG673 sp017503165
s__Niabella hibiscisoli
s__Pannonibacter sp026672425
s__Onthocola_B sp944332505
s__Desulfamplus sp015232455
s__Bact-08 sp023227835
s__Mycobacterium sp001499995
s__CAIVAT01 sp026391835
s__JAAYPC01 sp012519985
s__JANXPB01 sp016720465
s__JALZAH01 sp030853185
s__JAAETI01 sp024228555
s__Azovibrio sp031259605
s__01-FULL-38-12b sp019658985
s__Tepiditoga spiralis
s__Actinotalea sp000526515
s__Desulfocapsa sp022712975
s__SHXF01 sp009693435
s__Faecousia sp017555395
s__JAHJQZ01 sp018818925
s__Fructobacillus broussonetiae
s__JADLFX01 sp020849665
s__Arthrobacter sp029504395
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp024405645
s__JACNJL01 sp028872685
s__Gallimonas sp947632165
s__JAUICN01 sp030427835
s__CAKPSH01 sp947088765
s__JACKDW01 sp020633295
s__UBA3789 sp947652375
s__UBA10183 sp919902485
s__Thalassotalea_B profundi
s__M55B175 sp018399455
s__JANQLU01 sp028280445
s__Caballeronia sp029439525
s__JAUIKH01 sp030430915
s__Rhodoluna sp009702645
s__Palsa-881 sp013815405
s__Caballeronia humi
s__Nitrosomonas oligotropha
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903929195
s__CAIVHB01 sp903905585
s__F1-60-MAGs149 sp030831375
s__T78 sp002417685
s__JAGOHT01 sp017996055
s__Marinobacter sp017643965
s__Cryptobacteroides sp012744435
s__Azospirillum sp030849505
s__Ulvibacterium sp028285715
s__JAAZNV01 sp022710505
s__BACL14 sp024642775
s__Trichormus sp022063185
s__JABDLO01 sp013002995
s__UBA6414 sp002438545
s__Marortus aliphaticivorans_B
s__Snodgrassella sp001590725
s__CAKUFI01 sp934647145
s__VGEI01 sp016869415
s__CAG-267 sp002353835
s__CAG-1000 sp947629235
s__CANRLS01 sp947581665
s__UBA2868 sp024694965
s__Chamaesiphon minutus
s__Bipolaricaulis sp026418075
s__JAHIUU01 sp018817025
s__UBA5767 sp030625965
s__JAITMY01 sp031284065
s__Campylobacter_B sp937997535
s__Flavobacterium sp024709705
s__Avimonas sp028697255
s__66-474 sp018241365
s__Aquabacterium lacunae
s__Motilibacter_A aurantiacus
s__Pelagisphaera sp028284235
s__Tyzzerella colina
s__Oceanisphaera merdipullorum
s__JAABTE01 sp011390035
s__T3Sed10-213 sp007121565
s__Anaerovibrio lipolyticus_A
s__JABFRJ01 sp025359165
s__Flavimobilis rhizosphaerae
s__DSAR01 sp011046405
s__CSBR16-224 sp006226225
s__WFPA01 sp015487815
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_F
s__Winogradskyella sp017581965
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030646015
s__Wujia sp902783015
s__Pelagibacter sp902568855
s__Caccovivens sp947625165
s__JACZTA01 sp022573915
s__Vibrio mexicanus
s__GCA-2691785 sp902611135
s__MS024-2A sp905182305
s__Flavobacterium sp023446155
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp014799325
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp937858255
s__Microbacterium immunditiarum
s__CALBKH01 sp937864925
s__CFX2 sp027492915
s__Rugosibacter sp030652715
s__UBA9145 sp949372635
s__Sulfuritalea sp030680805
s__UBA3789 sp017460175
s__Chth-196 sp947476255
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AS
s__RUG099 sp017512365
s__JACCES01 sp029267315
s__Algibacter_D aestuarii
s__Pelagibacter sp902607945
s__CAJOOD01 sp949284685
s__RUG14891 sp946407495
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp023405815
s__Spiroplasma_A sp010365805
s__SZUA-152 sp026982555
s__VFLK01 sp020632265
s__Pararhizobium sp900472175
s__Lacrimispora sp002365025
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902542595
s__Paraburkholderia sp020880815
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016710965
s__Caccovivens sp947631875
s__Weimeria sp902797565
s__AR31 sp003220535
s__Lactococcus sp934191625
s__Collinsella sp902469555
s__Occallatibacter sp003134855
s__Tepidamorphus gemmatus
s__CAG-1000 sp017544525
s__MB11C04 sp018646565
s__JAPLMI01 sp026387115
s__JAMXCX01 sp024542985
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017433245
s__MED-G13 sp902605445
s__Nocardia noduli
s__SL1-B47 sp023415775
s__Algoriphagus sp026652115
s__Fodinibius salicampi
s__JACZRI01 sp022574775
s__HLUCCA01 sp022565415
s__Vannielia sp024105635
s__HGM11416 sp017456665
s__Alistipes sp017555975
s__JANQGS01 sp028277195
s__CALAJO01 sp937922745
s__DTU024 sp030532025
s__Bog-756 sp003164095
s__Micromonospora sp000982955
s__WRCU01 sp009783805
s__JAJDZL01 sp958295885
s__JABURQ01 sp014762625
s__NK4A144 sp947166195
s__Streptomyces liangshanensis
s__UBA1858 sp951812785
s__JACNFS01 sp030604795
s__Sphingomonas sp000803065
s__CF-72 sp019242065
s__Phytohabitans flavus
s__Gallimonas sp949300535
s__UBA8498 sp026004595
s__JABDFJ01 sp013286645
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp030524285
s__Alkaliphilus_C pronyensis
s__Vallitalea pronyensis
s__Lightella neohaematopini_G
s__JAHDCZ01 sp020629615
s__Chitinimonas arctica
s__PWME01 sp003559235
s__Prochlorococcus sp003214695
s__JdFR-86 sp002011815
s__CAJWLF01 sp913043205
s__Aegiribacteria sp030607835
s__QHBO01 sp030946825
s__CALAED01 sp937891035
s__Vitreimonas sp003526465
s__Martelella mediterranea_B
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp900149705
s__RUG440 sp902793465
s__Rahnella ecdela
s__RGIG2000 sp017472695
s__Clostridium sp021443865
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000633255
s__CALAFV01 sp937891445
s__Fen-999 sp016235765
s__Halomicronema sp004212215
s__Micavibrio aeruginosavorus_B
s__JAADGE01 sp013153865
s__JAGOCT01 sp029553545
s__Reinekea sp015687175
s__Anaeroplasma sp015059145
s__Billgrantia sp007129225
s__RGIG10147 sp017962615
s__Roseivivax lentus
s__Coprousia sp949285915
s__Acaryochloris sp937941595
s__CAMQVY01 sp947038405
s__Eubacterium_F sp947629865
s__Microbacterium pygmaeum
s__JAAFGT01 sp030038535
s__Alg239-R122 sp900537065
s__Onthomonas sp024404315
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003213255
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp913060505
s__Methylobacter_C sp002256705
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398295
s__Youngiibacter multivorans
s__Rhodoferax sp903840825
s__Phyllobacterium sp014189505
s__Cellulomonas taurus
s__Moritella sp001574435
s__Campylobacter_A sp019702925
s__JASHVB01 sp030039695
s__UBA2868 sp024684065
s__Putridiphycobacter roseus
s__Nonomuraea lactucae
s__CAG-177 sp937892115
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025656435
s__Pseudidiomarina atlantica
s__CAG-177 sp017407995
s__SIG262 sp015058215
s__F0422 sp916438745
s__Nocardia sp009649815
s__JAISVP01 sp031271475
s__Evtepia sp016296565
s__Nocardioides sp000364605
s__JALOMD01 sp025455595
s__Desulfallas sp015594625
s__JAIVGW01 sp020201415
s__RUG11977 sp024403355
s__SZUA-545 sp003250175
s__JAUPKJ01 sp030837505
s__Solimicrobium sp021155915
s__Roseovarius sp029212365
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905236955
s__ELB16-189 sp013140555
s__UBA952 sp945902115
s__Microbacterium sp018268515
s__Pseudoalteromonas denitrificans
s__JAICIG01 sp025924495
s__UBA1784 sp022768375
s__WLMZ01 sp025358125
s__JACRTK01 sp014385225
s__Celaenobacter sp016932035
s__SDB-A sp001412365
s__Methylobacterium sp001425465
s__Pelagibacter sp902576115
s__Lysobacter_C sp000855665
s__Permianibacter fluminis
s__DAOWMW01 sp030642865
s__Faecousia sp029257335
s__Mailhella sp019421865
s__HIMB30 sp913042205
s__Limiplasma sp012523405
s__Butyribacter sp947178155
s__JAKASX01 sp028877145
s__UBA1174 sp017417005
s__JADJDM01 sp021156365
s__WQXQ01 sp031257385
s__JACKPK01 sp024233595
s__Lutibacter sp937891065
s__Fen-668 sp027353565
s__UBA4372 sp017628845
s__Phenylobacterium sp004297125
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021789455
s__Camelimonas lactis
s__Luteolibacter sp027485615
s__CALIGR01 sp938021445
s__Planktophila sp947383695
s__JAJRXC01 sp030432715
s__CALDOK01 sp937912125
s__Azonexus sp012026885
s__DAOVVQ01 sp030637065
s__JAAXWW01 sp013334765
s__UBA953 sp903889525
s__UBA7703 sp002841395
s__UBA1213 sp020627425
s__Z2-YC6860 sp945897515
s__Fen-1135 sp003142295
s__Atopostipes sp947296835
s__JAJOKB01 sp021208135
s__TMED62 sp902571315
s__Anaerotignum sp934277605
s__TMED25 sp938074435
s__Enterousia sp949290785
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sangjuensis
s__Arsenophonus sp024349725
s__UBA2233 sp011620345
s__Eubacterium_R sp902797915
s__Fen-1247 sp003155795
s__JAIZZN01 sp020443565
s__G020350725 sp020350725
s__JAHELU01 sp024644005
s__VGSO01 sp016874915
s__Mucilaginibacter sp019235595
s__SURF-23 sp020723105
s__Photobacterium sp947502415
s__Sulfurimonas sp026988245
s__Dokdonella_A sp031274955
s__JAFMIX01 sp026397895
s__Thermohalobacter berrensis
s__UBA9214 sp013041945
s__Gaiella sp029858755
s__Onthomonas sp021199695
s__CSP1-5 sp022615475
s__Alg240-R148 sp900537185
s__HGM12619 sp017441125
s__UBA5203 sp002412765
s__Planobispora siamensis
s__Peribacillus sp030271255
s__CAG-390 sp016281895
s__UBA5578 sp947630955
s__JAUVAX01 sp030591685
s__JAHIKV01 sp030612765
s__DAOUTY01 sp030668425
s__Occallatibacter sp003165075
s__JACDEQ01 sp025922995
s__GWA2-38-13 sp000992395
s__SCRA01 sp004298675
s__UBA1732 sp017963105
s__UBA11524 sp015056415
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sediminis
s__CTSoil-075 sp027492445
s__Acidoferrum sp013289665
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031257475
s__UBA1268 sp014238855
s__JAQUMB01 sp028718325
s__RGIG8745 sp017466965
s__BACL21 sp023258055
s__UBA7434 sp024280785
s__RUG14515 sp024407995
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003216815
s__Paraburkholderia sp021390635
s__RF16 sp017479885
s__Gelidibacter sediminis
s__Mucilaginibacter ginsenosidivorax
s__F23-D06 sp024400815
s__JABDIN01 sp013003715
s__UBA6857 sp016292705
s__UBA4479 sp002389175
s__Planktophila sp945889195
s__DUZI01 sp026415695
s__Actinosynnema saharense
s__CAKZQI01 sp937139515
s__Rhizobium sp016429255
s__Palsa-965 sp013289095
s__JANJUB01 sp024710805
s__UBA9973 sp017984185
s__RUG11215 sp902766875
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017513905
s__MWDO01 sp017998755
s__Streptomyces griseoluteus_A
s__Salinimicrobium sp024635665
s__Psychroserpens sp947501425
s__Nitrospira_A sp014055495
s__GBS-DC sp025061985
s__JABMQJ01 sp016782425
s__Acetatifactor sp022511425
s__RF16 sp002308815
s__SABY01 sp018400545
s__Allorhizocola rhizosphaerae
s__Wolbachia pipientis_D
s__Rubrivivax sp963204815
s__Nitrospira_C sp029194535
s__Caulobacter sp002742625
s__JAFGTJ01 sp016934195
s__UBA6624 sp002501535
s__Burkholderia sp031253835
s__JANZZG01 sp026419515
s__Pseudotabrizicola sp025458085
s__Vreelandella sp014263395
s__BSRQ01 sp030268685
s__Sphingobacterium bovistauri
s__Clostridium_J sp002453475
s__JAFGTH01 sp016934225
s__JADJGA01 sp016708265
s__Hirschia maritima
s__RGZZ01 sp010028905
s__Agrococcus baldri
s__Dyadobacter sp019711195
s__UBA1740 sp024404975
s__Sphingobium sp001563285
s__Pristimantibacillus endoradicis
s__Pueribacillus theae
s__Amycolatopsis sp030285645
s__JAISRF01 sp031273775
s__GBS-DC sp026416655
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BO
s__Pelagibacter sp014653625
s__UBA3789 sp017512495
s__Methylobacter_A sp030653175
s__Villigracilis sp945877125
s__JJ008 sp029555415
s__Clostridium sp015058405
s__Microscilla marina
s__UBA9579 sp003499585
s__JAFIGE01 sp020831585
s__Saccharimonas sp938036845
s__DAOVFI01 sp030673005
s__Parabacteroides sp028707405
s__JAAZFC01 sp012511955
s__PSRF01 sp003222935
s__UBA4644 sp017620505
s__Noviherbaspirillum_A suwonense
s__JAMLIA01 sp937870985
s__Coproplasma sp947174175
s__JAIYCR01 sp025458335
s__Sulfuritalea sp020853215
s__Dyadobacter sp021502655
s__RGIG9670 sp017651565
s__PLanc-01 sp016872975
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017545595
s__JAUJMS01 sp030446745
s__Ventrenecus sp948874605
s__JAGGXI01 sp021163155
s__Cellulomonas triticagri
s__GCA-1730015 sp001730015
s__JALNZU01 sp016715945
s__UMGS1696 sp015064285
s__QHXW01 sp020073305
s__Volucribacter psittacicida
s__Hyphomonas sp018402285
s__JAIROH01 sp031268975
s__JAKOSZ01 sp029776555
s__Brevundimonas sp017302335
s__CAG-269 sp944392805
s__Agromyces humi
s__CALXSZ01 sp944391275
s__Curtobacterium sp018885305
s__Macrococcus lamae
s__WQXQ01 sp009787695
s__GWA2-47-26 sp001001705
s__Spiroplasma sp030060925
s__Collinsella sp905215725
s__RUG11462 sp946493765
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902609995
s__Eikenella corrodens_B
s__Pelagibius litoralis
s__JAHRVQ01 sp019090615
s__JAGOTT01 sp937864125
s__UBA8904 sp025355175
s__JAIBBY01 sp019694455
s__Streptococcus mitis_DG
s__UBA12090 sp919902675
s__Pedobacter sp020991475
s__CAJOOD01 sp019421105
s__CADCWL01 sp902806405
s__Mesotoga sp011620045
s__JAFDVN01 sp018269025
s__RZYX01 sp012519975
s__UBA1067 sp017629455
s__JAUVDT01 sp030595185
s__RGIG268 sp017382775
s__Arthrobacter sp902506095
s__UMGS1696 sp017467815
s__Bin125 sp022825265
s__Psychrobacillus sp900103605
s__SZUA-82 sp003231675
s__Desertibacillus haloalkaliphilus
s__Giesbergeria sp003484805
s__RGIG8368 sp017544725
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947304335
s__Pontibacter sp020907245
s__Kitasatospora sp029894125
s__MT110 sp946408315
s__Oleimmundimicrobium americanum
s__UBA830 sp913047365
s__Caballeronia sp022879595
s__Egerieousia sp017555925
s__AG-337-I02 sp902618015
s__JAUYMI01 sp030698665
s__GCA-2708415 sp937941545
s__Thiobacillus sp018780105
s__Maribacter_A sp024228355
s__Sulfurimonas sp021648405
s__UBA4372 sp024683455
s__JADFZM01 sp015232535
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp030431435
s__Phenylobacterium sp027483845
s__CAMDIK01 sp945898725
s__OLB11 sp016715505
s__JAJFFL01 sp021776705
s__Eubacterium_F sp937902905
s__MGR-bin208 sp013696395
s__Thauera sp029982755
s__WFXD01 sp024276875
s__CAMNLO01 sp946621895
s__UM-FILTER-42-10 sp002774635
s__UBA8904 sp012522275
s__Mesorhizobium atlanticum
s__Wujia sp945787485
s__UBA4372 sp017559845
s__NAK19 sp937129505
s__JAPONP01 sp026713835
s__SYAC01 sp903938205
s__BB10 sp016744905
s__JAMLJG01 sp937996795
s__JAHELX01 sp024643945
s__JAFGXL01 sp021371915
s__JASJCN01 sp028285625
s__Pelagibacter sp902604605
s__JADGOU01 sp017882835
s__MnB-11 sp023433505
s__Collinsella sp902470895
s__Natronoflexus pectinivorans
s__WTFV01 sp011523485
s__Lawsonibacter sp947385365
s__CAJBLF01 sp903904545
s__XYD2-FULL-41-16 sp016188675
s__Catenuloplanes japonicus
s__Maribacter_A sp024279425
s__Pseudonocardia sp029266775
s__Bacillus_BD sp937902115
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902571335
s__Fimisoma sp017440275
s__CAG-873 sp030536615
s__Streptomyces glaucescens_B
s__UBA3282 sp014804565
s__Butyrivibrio sp017535785
s__Gallimonas sp947631465
s__JAAAOM01 sp009908855
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063435
s__Methylobacterium sp003173775
s__Petralouisia sp022792535
s__UBA5893 sp945919375
s__Rhodobaculum sp003551745
s__UBA1140 sp027030605
s__GCA-012562765 sp012571135
s__Mobilisporobacter senegalensis
s__MGML01 sp011191975
s__Sphingomonas sp004795835
s__Flavobacterium sp002754195
s__M0103 sp947462695
s__Flavobacterium sp943912855
s__JARIGV01 sp029288615
s__Pelagibacter sp902572925
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398335
s__RFXV01 sp017858515
s__34-128 sp001773955
s__Thiomonas sp027451915
s__JAFGMM01 sp016927535
s__Fervidibacter sp025060305
s__Nonlabens arenilitoris
s__Sutterella sp020025955
s__UBA2259 sp012514355
s__Rhodococcus sp030063335
s__Qipengyuania vesicularis
s__JAKFUT01 sp021732565
s__ZLKRG08 sp023262125
s__Vitreimonas sp023242925
s__Haemophilus_D sp902482195
s__JAQTZX01 sp028687525
s__Tenebribacter sp027858325
s__Palsa-744 sp030149625
s__Egerieousia sp017428325
s__Vampirococcus lugosii
s__CANHHI01 sp947460225
s__CALXRO01 sp031287725
s__Caccenecus sp947589695
s__Pseudomonas_E sp913777995
s__NIOZ-UU106 sp014384545
s__Collinsella sp018377855
s__JADFXK01 sp015233295
s__Planktophila sp009699575
s__RGIG6307 sp021205045
s__Aristaeella sp015056205
s__CACLCV01 sp902535975
s__Nanosynbacter sp013099015
s__Methylophaga sp946885755
s__13-2-20CM-68-14 sp001914705
s__BM004 sp947259115
s__WRNU01 sp031268195
s__Suilimivivens sp947174495
s__Paludibacter sp030653695
s__JABSOQ01 sp020435085
s__Bact-08 sp003513895
s__Enterococcus_A alishanensis
s__JAIBBG01 sp030831885
s__OFTM220 sp029259655
s__JAJYVT01 sp021828055
s__JANBVK01 sp024239035
s__UBA1179 sp905234745
s__JAJZKJ01 sp021804195
s__Zavarzinella formosa
s__JAJFGQ01 sp021776075
s__RGIG4284 sp022791975
s__Segetibacter sp025963695
s__Gallimonas sp947625025
s__Sodaliphilus sp937916085
s__CADEFD01 sp018000455
s__Streptococcus oralis_BF
s__Cryobacterium superstes
s__Buchnera aphidicola_X
s__Microbacterium hibisci
s__PXAP01 sp007131165
s__67-14 sp020438425
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031282355
s__JAADHY01 sp013151585
s__Synechococcus_C sp011523155
s__Aeromicrobium sp937873005
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_Y
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007693745
s__Salibaculum halophilum
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_H
s__UBA5603 sp002421405
s__Novosphingobium sp018242165
s__RUG11130 sp017428635
s__Allorhizobium terricola
s__Planktophila sp945883675
s__PALSA-1396 sp016200005
s__CALITC01 sp938041505
s__Tichowtungia sp029939835
s__CAAGNP01 sp017504965
s__MFAQ01 sp001776275
s__GCA-002793235 sp905479995
s__Agromyces larvae
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003284185
s__Sphaerochaeta globosa
s__Gimesia aquarii_A
s__UBA6918 sp024643305
s__JAUIEX01 sp030429725
s__Aeromonas eucrenophila
s__Gillisia sp024635675
s__Palsa-744 sp005885515
s__JALSQC01 sp026985625
s__JAAVZI01 sp947565255
s__Palsa-739 sp025936995
s__Ferroacidibacillus ferrooxidans_B
s__WRAD01 sp009780375
s__JAAXWF01 sp013335095
s__Faecousia sp934569195
s__Gallionella sp017880945
s__UBA11320 sp016871475
s__Maribacter arcticus
s__Cricetibacter osteomyelitidis
s__Centipeda sp001683335
s__Nitrosomonas ureae_B
s__Staphylococcus equorum_C
s__UBA7707 sp002482435
s__JAKAGE01 sp027324805
s__Borkfalkia sp949287105
s__JANQFV01 sp028277645
s__Palsa-1315 sp005877535
s__Campylobacter_D sp000816245
s__UMGS1865 sp015063325
s__Variovorax sp900115685
s__UBA4334 sp002353215
s__Arachidicoccus soli
s__Lactobacillus sp029392875
s__Acetatifactor sp014804645
s__S012-47 sp026981615
s__UBA3402 sp947626395
s__CALVUG01 sp949297055
s__Nonomuraea deserti
s__Mariniblastus sp022447555
s__RGIG7300 sp017537175
s__JAEVLT01 sp030915385
s__Lawsonibacter sp904420465
s__Z2-YC6860 sp019746135
s__CAG-1193 sp944358275
s__JAGHAF01 sp021161675
s__Bacillus_BQ marisflavi_A
s__JAEELB01 sp016288705
s__UBA6230 sp002441565
s__UBA8949 sp012519875
s__CAG-272 sp017454075
s__JACAER01 sp013388745
s__JACQTM01 sp016210825
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017553545
s__AG-422-B15 sp902571005
s__JAUWNJ01 sp030592655
s__Blautia_A sp019416265
s__UBA11490 sp015055665
s__JAJQAP01 sp021203805
s__Rubrivivax sp018780805
s__Legionella sp025941565
s__JALONJ01 sp025455045
s__JANQRM01 sp028284565
s__Rhabdaerophilum sp030143245
s__Palsa-1150 sp021778125
s__CAG-269 sp947626295
s__Nocardioides_B sp025927595
s__CAIJYI01 sp026395595
s__CASFSG01 sp949297275
s__Nitrospira_D sp016195505
s__SYIB01 sp016873375
s__Nocardioides cavernaquae
s__JALWJW01 sp030626025
s__Propionicicella superfundia
s__Elioraea_A tepida
s__Ramlibacter sp025361305
s__JACPQK01 sp016190535
s__Qipengyuania sp025698865
s__UBA11606 sp017852795
s__Tellurirhabdus sp021484805
s__Palsa-744 sp027315115
s__BNZQ01 sp031263605
s__Ignavibacterium sp937125135
s__JAQUYL01 sp028691845
s__Marinobacter_A halodurans
s__JAAZIY01 sp012799725
s__JAFDCJ01 sp020345785
s__JADKYY01 sp023387375
s__UBA1547 sp030156575
s__Spiribacter sp913056315
s__JAJZWH01 sp027345405
s__Sulfuricystis sp030680085
s__JAFGIK01 sp016929645
s__CAG-273 sp934122125
s__Mangrovibacter phragmitis
s__JAFDCJ01 sp947259065
s__JAGVGS01 sp020057015
s__Devosia sp014860165
s__Flavobacterium sp014379405
s__Pelagibacter sp902570835
s__JAFEBO01 sp018242625
s__Muribaculum sp023666965
s__JACMQM01 sp028288365
s__JAEWCC01 sp023460085
s__HGM11616 sp934373295
s__JAHDQI01 sp937949545
s__GCA-2697345 sp913041145
s__Akkermansia sp937885815
s__Aristaeella sp946534455
s__UBA5619 sp016935075
s__Aggregatibacter kilianii_A
s__JADFGN01 sp022567695
s__JAlOQK01 sp025453395
s__Litoreibacter albidus
s__Caproiciproducens faecalis
s__WRBK01 sp009781625
s__FEB-22 sp023404705
s__UBA1934 sp002337055
s__Ruminococcus sp017441505
s__Faunimonas sp028284625
s__Lacrimispora aerotolerans
s__Streptomyces broussonetiae
s__Gallibacter sp945876935
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031269995
s__Comamonas_C flocculans
s__Streptococcus oricebi
s__Neofamilia sp030532225
s__Cytobacillus citreus
s__UBA1359 sp029570385
s__Arthrobacter sp019710585
s__JAJPHR01 sp021325145
s__Ureibacillus thermophilus
s__JAEYLA01 sp023416175
s__HXMU1428-3 sp021775385
s__Pseudomonas_E phytovorans
s__Phytohabitans sp027923225
s__Acinetobacter ihumii
s__Collinsella sp902496455
s__C7867-002 sp028865095
s__S5133MH16 sp004193595
s__Sneathiella sp029233945
s__UBA11657 sp002311455
s__Choladousia sp002491565
s__JADKBO01 sp937973565
s__Acidocella sp028866335
s__JAGOLA01 sp017994375
s__Winogradskyella sp020166345
s__JAISGB01 sp031276775
s__Collinsella sp902493145
s__OLB9 sp016713025
s__PWGO01 sp003554525
s__Nocardioides eburneiflavus
s__Onthomonas sp017395935
s__WRKP01 sp031266315
s__UMGS1754 sp946628065
s__Prosthecobacter fusiformis
s__Qipengyuania sp016793865
s__JACQSB01 sp016188385
s__Aquella sp937872505
s__Niabella sp934486785
s__DSBD01 sp011049365
s__MGBC102946 sp022798795
s__Microterricola gilva
s__J044 sp003696465
s__JACDCY01 sp937867645
s__Chryseobacterium sp022701475
s__CAINWJ01 sp028711345
s__JABMQY01 sp013202975
s__Tomitella cavernae
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp003577315
s__Catenovulum sediminis
s__JAEURO01 sp018268395
s__GCA-012562765 sp012568445
s__Micromonospora sp016802835
s__JAAVFS01 sp947566655
s__RUG762 sp946185345
s__Giesbergeria sp017998735
s__Rhodanobacter sp030148505
s__Winogradskyella litoriviva
s__UBA7862 sp017523305
s__GCA-1730015 sp938003855
s__BN30871 sp022736375
s__CAJQND01 sp905479595
s__JAKSSR01 sp024402995
s__Jeotgalibacillus salarius
s__Hornefia porci
s__Chroococcidiopsis sp014696895
s__Paraburkholderia sp024281035
s__Succiniclasticum sp017554485
s__Pegaeibacterium sp019052695
s__Palsa-739 sp025925195
s__JAUQPW01 sp030550175
s__Staphylococcus ratti
s__JAFDVJ01 sp029557535
s__DTU068 sp012516535
s__SZUA-1403 sp016839105
s__Allobacillus saliphilus
s__UBA1847 sp021773095
s__CAITJF01 sp903892645
s__AG-337-I02 sp902614085
s__Faecousia sp015067785
s__UBA1672 sp002747015
s__JANWVS01 sp025056835
s__UBA6240 sp002441445
s__UBA2103 sp002400985
s__Gallimonas sp947629535
s__RUG12372 sp947167555
s__Prevotella sp947169185
s__Tistlia sp030433005
s__Alteromonas_E facilis
s__JAIBAJ01 sp019695265
s__QHCC01 sp030853345
s__Bacteroides sp947632445
s__JAUZRG01 sp030950585
s__CAMFLX01 sp027488865
s__Propionivibrio soli
s__CAG-103 sp946187475
s__Pantoea sp028283705
s__CAMQVY01 sp947040435
s__UBA4124 sp030157745
s__Flavobacterium aestivum
s__Pelagibacter sp902632515
s__DYJK01 sp016177735
s__LD21 sp016718875
s__Propionivibrio sp938040985
s__Dolichospermum sp009711935
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216535
s__Mobilitalea sp012519565
s__UBA2386 sp016794485
s__SXYR01 sp021299175
s__W498 sp030608125
s__Bacillus_CA shivajii
s__Nocardioides furvisabuli
s__Desulfoluna sp022360815
s__UBA11096 sp025057455
s__Azovibrio sp031271025
s__JAUIKA01 sp030430995
s__JASLMY01 sp030746295
s__CAG-448 sp017483305
s__Octadecabacter sp003533975
s__Sulfoacidibacillus thermotolerans
s__Pelagibacter sp902604355
s__Marinobacter sp018334495
s__UBA2834 sp017460065
s__JAMNYG01 sp023622945
s__DTU098 sp029555205
s__Microbacterium sp031178445
s__Nanosyncoccus sp945872155
s__JAEUQQ01 sp016789685
s__CALFWJ01 sp937928525
s__Flavobacterium antarcticum
s__Brevibacterium sp026013965
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902572675
s__Streptomyces sp029968015
s__Halalkalibacillus halophilus
s__UBA6002 sp020050845
s__Coleofasciculus chthonoplastes
s__CAJCIW01 sp030043815
s__JACPPT01 sp016190815
s__Ferruginibacter sp947504605
s__Flavipsychrobacter stenotrophus_A
s__LS-NOB sp018664975
s__UBA4096 sp002482685
s__Lutibacter flavus
s__Anaerobutyricum sp017433295
s__GCA-001735895 sp029864065
s__JACCZE01 sp013816415
s__JABDJM01 sp013002475
s__JABDCW01 sp013287905
s__CAG-269 sp947626705
s__JAENIX01 sp016219515
s__BN30871 sp001493195
s__Nostoc sp017115045
s__Yoonia sp020627605
s__JAIORE01 sp021108315
s__Streptococcus sp013276505
s__JAGNLM01 sp937867305
s__PFL25 sp030613705
s__Marinifilum sp030851345
s__WRJS01 sp009778475
s__JAQGOX01 sp028293365
s__JAAAOH01 sp009908735
s__Solimonas terrae
s__JAKSBZ01 sp022360875
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017447485
s__JAKLDS01 sp022703375
s__CAG-452 sp017437145
s__Pirellula_B sp026692905
s__JAEXZL01 sp023451395
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902590465
s__Paraburkholderia diazotrophica
s__Mediannikoviicoccus sp029983815
s__Glomeribacter gigasporarum_B
s__Halarcobacter arenosus
s__BA4 sp026418175
s__Anaerobacterium chartisolvens
s__UBA2767 sp003228955
s__Photobacterium sp026191635
s__XYD2-FULL-39-9 sp007376295
s__CAG-475 sp947628855
s__CAKVOD01 sp949283525
s__Glacieibacterium frigidum
s__Simkania_A negevensis_A
s__SCMT01 sp017990865
s__Primorskyibacter sedentarius
s__Faecousia sp015067835
s__Flavobacterium sp902506345
s__QNZR01 sp003978475
s__Amantichitinum sp001313065
s__CAG-196 sp002309875
s__Paraglaciecola mesophila_A
s__Thermopetrobacter sp024279045
s__Enterovirga sp903644085
s__Stella vacuolata
s__Curtobacterium pusillum_C
s__Anaerocolumna sp015655075
s__RGAU01 sp016779385
s__2-12-FULL-55-11 sp016866875
s__JACKEO01 sp020632955
s__CALHPI01 sp938036275
s__Paludibaculum sp017307505
s__CG2-30-46-19 sp030606385
s__Eubacterium_R sp947631705
s__JADFXJ01 sp015233615
s__Limnohabitans sp947453645
s__UMGS1484 sp017474205
s__Aquisalinus sp022763145
s__Choladousia sp020859965
s__Mycoplana sp014851675
s__Telluria varians_B
s__JANWZQ01 sp025054835
s__SCSIO-59966 sp020881835
s__Hymenobacter baengnokdamensis
s__JAFGCJ01 sp016932785
s__RGIG6307 sp021199405
s__Croceicoccus hydrothermalis
s__UMGS1532 sp902791335
s__Lactobacillus sp022641965
s__Comamonas_C sp019912745
s__JAKOVQ01 sp029781975
s__Desulfohalovibrio reitneri
s__Zag111 sp947626645
s__Aeoliella sp028279215
s__Pelagibacter sp902609065
s__Pedobacter sp002151545
s__GCA-003244245 sp019244165
s__PeH17 sp001940845
s__CAIWMF01 sp019747895
s__Geodermatophilus telluris
s__Enterousia sp944389265
s__JAKLIS01 sp022709485
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030775565
s__DYKS01 sp020722485
s__Prevotella sp934191235
s__JACCVC01 sp030430125
s__JAIOPX01 sp021413705
s__GCA-002722245 sp905182585
s__Iodobacter sp002735645
s__DSBN01 sp011046055
s__Paenibacillus_B sp024733555
s__JAIVGO01 sp020201525
s__B10-G4 sp019312705
s__JABDJC01 sp013003395
s__UBA7441 sp022448605
s__Limivicinus sp017449185
s__NZQO01 sp002693605
s__RGIG3994 sp017451545
s__JAHBWZ01 sp019636755
s__Oryzicola mucosus
s__JABFSX01 sp023260135
s__UBA1140 sp027038275
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BH
s__UBA10103 sp003164215
s__JAAZKI01 sp022709995
s__OLB19 sp943359405
s__PWGR01 sp003554565
s__JAMXLO01 sp025452005
s__SCUK01 sp016191875
s__S012-77 sp015487365
s__Roseburia_B sp017625255
s__Saccharomonospora saliphila
s__Tannerella sp031268395
s__Saccharofermentans sp017964005
s__Sulfurimonas sp019429335
s__Microbacterium sp002979475
s__UBA5734 sp002419365
s__SHVS01 sp009694135
s__JAAYJH01 sp012523035
s__Hel1-33-131 sp029252105
s__Gemmobacter sp031260425
s__SXLG01 sp005777805
s__Sulfuritalea sp023229545
s__Microvirga sp003151255
s__RF16 sp021152555
s__HIMB59 sp902598275
s__Mesorhizobium_D sp030929505
s__Lacisediminimonas sp030645335
s__Firm-04 sp016281125
s__UBA10518 sp003508005
s__Flavobacterium sp946482535
s__PALSA-1332 sp003152105
s__JALSSE01 sp026984415
s__Wenyingzhuangia sp937930675
s__SBAT01 sp021732245
s__RGIG3495 sp017450465
s__Nostoc sp030382115
s__Ga0077548 sp023417665
s__UBA4615 sp026399835
s__WHTC01 sp009379795
s__Bin75 sp012270585
s__Treponema_D sp946615905
s__CAG-533 sp934091015
s__JAJRRF01 sp024279735
s__Bilifractor sp024684035
s__Paludibacterium purpuratum
s__Variovorax sp014192575
s__NORP342 sp028280955
s__SpSt-501 sp025454115
s__Mesorhizobium_F sp015500055
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp019739335
s__Mucilaginibacter conchicola
s__Fen-1362 sp016932095
s__Chryseobacterium sp000333355
s__Shimazuella kribbensis
s__Egerieousia sp017482565
s__Labilibaculum sp016743925
s__JAAZNS01 sp012798185
s__Palsa-870 sp003151935
s__SpSt-1174 sp011046015
s__Enterousia sp002309215
s__CG2-30-58-95 sp020723995
s__Onthovivens sp949290725
s__UBA2868 sp017544705
s__AG-337-I02 sp902602885
s__VISM01 sp007827455
s__JANQPA01 sp028285545
s__JJ008 sp016702745
s__CAIMTB01 sp963205105
s__UBA8337 sp016779015
s__JAHEYG01 sp937873155
s__01-FULL-36-15b sp001782045
s__JACPXU01 sp016196375
s__UBA11346 sp020049615
s__JALSPZ01 sp026983815
s__JAIBBZ01 sp019694435
s__Heteroclostridium sp017457385
s__Allosphingosinicella sp023424095
s__Chordicoccus sp902766945
s__Nitrospira_D sp019636835
s__UBA1740 sp017407375
s__UBA2212 sp030604855
s__JAOZSR01 sp029939575
s__CAOJBM01 sp948329525
s__Allosphingosinicella sp005882415
s__9FT-COMBO-53-11 sp001772805
s__UBA11579 sp016932165
s__Paenibacillus_E sp001428105
s__JACRDT01 sp016212795
s__B13-G4 sp030262775
s__Pelagibacter sp902590125
s__JAMCRP01 sp023380635
s__Kaistella gelatinilytica
s__UBA5078 sp903889815
s__SCQK01 sp004321885
s__JAITLB01 sp031259085
s__Comamonas_C sp021166775
s__Hel1-33-131 sp030835325
s__CASFCS01 sp949293245
s__Sphingomonas sp937863505
s__UBA4372 sp017503065
s__Gallimonas sp944343275
s__RGIG995 sp017623895
s__Nanosynbacter sp013099195
s__Sphingomicrobium sp019247755
s__UBA6115 sp012514225
s__Subtercola sp021044565
s__Treponema_D sp023231445
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031273725
s__Phytohabitans rumicis
s__JACRDC01 sp016218705
s__Arthrobacter sp000427315
s__JAKALC01 sp021814825
s__Balneola sp017640785
s__Pelagibius sp028280305
s__RGIG423 sp017437205
s__SIG32 sp944325675
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000282455
s__Pelagibacter sp902588895
s__Arthrobacter sp021789315
s__CADCUY01 sp029258695
s__JACCTI01 sp902805675
s__Nostoc sp017114985
s__Salicibibacter cibarius
s__Arenicella sp013002025
s__HB2-32-21 sp021773435
s__UBA7477 sp947629275
s__Mesorhizobium sp024509055
s__UBA3077 sp023630215
s__RGIG3925 sp017942005
s__Demequina sp028823635
s__Prevotella sp947303825
s__Parafilimonas terrae
s__Lentihominibacter sp946541435
s__UBA1231 sp002309035
s__JABWBZ01 sp013359335
s__Faecimonas sp944359885
s__UBA7584 sp946635125
s__JALGVQ01 sp025774205
s__Calidithermus roseus
s__UBA6145 sp937896295
s__CADDYS01 sp023511485
s__Gallionella sp947445045
s__UBA5078 sp023256835
s__Marinisporobacter balticus
s__JAMDEL01 sp023473845
s__MAG-120802 sp016870855
s__JAEWAC01 sp023391895
s__UBA8752 sp002720375
s__HOT-345 sp947168815
s__UBA10566 sp017988355
s__Paludibacter sp028692715
s__JADGOV01 sp017882785
s__JACIWP01 sp014360855
s__Ecksteinia adelgidicola
s__JAADGE01 sp030592825
s__UBA1328 sp030745955
s__JAQUMX01 sp028717765
s__Planktophila sp947489825
s__Clostridium sp934754925
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902622625
s__QWPN01 sp945870505
s__Bernardetia sp020630935
s__JACRBT01 sp016234445
s__JALOTU01 sp025457615
s__Nonlabens sp947491755
s__Eubacterium_R sp900772705
s__Parvibaculum sp002842875
s__Parvibaculum sp021780275
s__JACDDX01 sp025927545
s__Propionicimonas sp030158185
s__UMGS1322 sp015069575
s__Vibrio sinensis
s__Polaromonas naphthalenivorans
s__RFSX01 sp937969415
s__Polaromonas eurypsychrophila
s__Dysosmobacter sp946183715
s__WQXQ01 sp009777735
s__JANTGE01 sp024763085
s__Pauljensenia sp030524055
s__JASJBO01 sp030066475
s__Thalassotalea_A sp000764205
s__Nocardia terrae
s__Cryobacterium tepidiphilum
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp002730365
s__JAQVIJ01 sp028695735
s__Pseudofrankia sp000966285
s__WRMQ01 sp009784445
s__Crocinitomix algicola
s__GCA-2746425 sp024743215
s__M3003 sp027005175
s__Telluria sp015277795
s__Commensalibacter sp029953305
s__CAG-269 sp947306755
s__Xylanibacillus sp913056365
s__Nitrospira_A sp009594865
s__Xenorhabdus koppenhoeferi
s__UBA8079 sp002724635
s__Scatocola sp947383875
s__Propionivibrio sp031264825
s__UBA6984 sp905236205
s__Spirillospora sp030269515
s__GCA-2792135 sp002792135
s__JALSSE01 sp027030405
s__J137 sp003694175
s__CAIWET01 sp903911805
s__Homoserinibacter sp023432305
s__UBA737 sp902802375
s__UBA7957 sp003511825
s__CAITSE01 sp903894975
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp017467305
s__Desulfobacter sp022361095
s__Sneathiella glossodoripedis
s__Draconibacterium sp009773765
s__Streptococcus sp001578805
s__JAIRLG01 sp031278595
s__JAHCRD01 sp030603395
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902772925
s__Ramlibacter sp028292805
s__UBA1067 sp934635045
s__Flavobacterium sp002296885
s__Streptomyces sp030403745
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017960585
s__Desulforhopalus sp005116645
s__JAFMPQ01 sp020667845
s__JAAYLN01 sp012514915
s__CALWRB01 sp944383855
s__J052 sp003696385
s__CAG-273 sp946495905
s__Cryosericum septentrionale
s__UBA1038 sp012512355
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_AH
s__Pseudofrankia sp019689615
s__Prochlorococcus sp003215475
s__Gp6-AA40 sp947465645
s__Jiangella aurantiaca
s__Mobilitalea sp023386815
s__UBA1096 sp913050205
s__Tumebacillus_A algifaecis
s__UBA1847 sp029246105
s__JACQPU01 sp022180565
s__CAJJDF01 sp938009745
s__RI-213 sp016125045
s__Actinoplanes sp934667465
s__UBA1752 sp017516825
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_H
s__Fibrella forsythiae
s__JAMOVQ01 sp027067575
s__Collinsella sp019419525
s__S009-29 sp015489095
s__JAGMDB01 sp030605765
s__JAAYBF01 sp012718975
s__Eubacterium_B sp017941085
s__LMUX01 sp026225455
s__OCS116 sp002402005
s__Rhodoferax_A sp031291295
s__Palsa-187 sp009697505
s__Puia sp021324175
s__UBA9732 sp017614625
s__JACQKA01 sp016204805
s__Nocardioides sp029873215
s__Microbacterium fluvii
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000690905
s__JACOWZ01 sp016176525
s__JAITRD01 sp031288575
s__Dysosmobacter sp024404295
s__UBA9611 sp028822675
s__CACIAM-69d sp004292515
s__Lelliottia sp020532665
s__RGIG3135 sp017559045
s__SCGC-AG-212-J23 sp019509895
s__CABUVL01 sp031283895
s__JAOAPY01 sp025463135
s__Slackia sp937895975
s__Angelakisella sp937907305
s__Pedobacter sp030149995
s__UBA1189 sp017548225
s__UBA9845 sp902796635
s__Ramlibacter sedimenti
s__Epulopiscium_B sp002007295
s__UBA2270 sp024636345
s__UBA2982 sp029863645
s__JABURR01 sp014762635
s__Lacunisphaera lenta
s__JALORP01 sp025458865
s__UMGS1601 sp947624345
s__JAIROH01 sp031257595
s__UBA10103 sp001781275
s__JABDMH01 sp013001595
s__GCA-2748055 sp029210725
s__JANSYC01 sp937891725
s__Rhodanobacter sp021798675
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031269795
s__UBA6002 sp002429595
s__Acidocella sp013044125
s__JABDJZ01 sp013003255
s__Gramella crocea
s__K23-9 sp007741555
s__JASLSL01 sp030743445
s__RGIG7926 sp017550925
s__Bulleidia sp024698805
s__CAJBEZ01 sp014874425
s__UBA1388 sp002772705
s__HIMB59 sp902617515
s__Listeria floridensis
s__Streptomyces sp000818175
s__JAJZLL01 sp027451645
s__Faecisoma sp944372275
s__JAQUDN01 sp028685665
s__Marinomonas profundimaris
s__Parasphingopyxis sp947259005
s__CAJQHK01 sp028040005
s__Endozoicomonas sp009653635
s__Tetrasphaera_A sp937858995
s__Spirosoma sp014377625
s__JAAYXU01 sp012515725
s__JAJACM01 sp022601545
s__Granulicella_D aggregans_A
s__UMGS1766 sp020025295
s__UBA9659 sp902567095
s__TMED-70 sp002710135
s__Paludibacterium_A denitrificans
s__JAJDXW01 sp026712715
s__Bacteroides sp028690125
s__Rahnella sp002834385
s__Phenylobacterium zucineum
s__JAHWJV01 sp019348265
s__Pseudomonas_O sp002418465
s__DRMK01 sp024277595
s__Pararcticibacter sp015654985
s__PUKE01 sp003553565
s__Alectryocaccobium sp949286775
s__UBA4372 sp017620295
s__JALRAP01 sp023262505
s__JAIRRO01 sp031260605
s__JACZVN01 sp022572625
s__Methylobacterium sp022829385
s__RGIG3040 sp947177925
s__JAIFWC01 sp025934715
s__Cfx2-01 sp013377115
s__SCRD01 sp021828225
s__Suilimivivens sp017434885
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp001766905
s__JAALLB01 sp937923355
s__RUG572 sp902803135
s__Sphingobium sp000508185
s__Methylocella sp006514895
s__UBA7430 sp029247585
s__REEB77 sp019075905
s__JAJDTQ01 sp028818755
s__Zwartia sp937897265
s__JAKAMP01 sp021812865
s__Sulfurovum sp026983895
s__Desulfobulbus sp007121995
s__UBA10906 sp003542275
s__CALEAR01 sp937943665
s__RGIG4930 sp905233905
s__Collinsella sp902478985
s__Evansella tamaricis
s__JAITGI01 sp031280785
s__PLanc-01 sp030012215
s__Telluria sp030704305
s__PHAA01 sp028693695
s__Pararhizobium sp900468065
s__Aquihabitans sp019639095
s__JAZXM01 sp028823175
s__Porphyromonas loveana
s__F23-D06 sp024682995
s__RGIG1902 sp015068445
s__JAADGE01 sp021108035
s__JACPVF01 sp937928015
s__Faecousia sp934567355
s__Limivicinus sp020025675
s__UBA9655 sp019746105
s__Marinibacterium profundimaris
s__Rugosimonospora sp005885115
s__Saccharimonas sp002421785
s__JAADEQ01 sp026986085
s__HGM04593 sp017647225
s__Rhizobacter sp018780185
s__CAG-492 sp017404545
s__CAKPSH01 sp947631915
s__JAHFDS01 sp023248855
s__Fen-1273 sp003158475
s__Mesorhizobium sp022833215
s__Paenibacillus_AI sp900104695
s__Butyrivibrio sp946404845
s__JAEYXS01 sp023431185
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902630665
s__Hymenobacter citatus
s__UBA2658 sp012516225
s__Croceibacterium sp029265155
s__Acutalibacter sp019416455
s__Puia sp018266575
s__Choladousia sp934376945
s__JASBZD01 sp029983595
s__Pelagibacter sp902558225
s__Pseudonocardia nigra
s__Lentihominibacter sp902796875
s__Legionella sp030694525
s__Suilimivivens sp017621815
s__UMGS1279 sp017436225
s__Saccharibacillus sp030518235
s__Lactiplantibacillus garii
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017454905
s__PLanc-01 sp937868145
s__JABDGQ01 sp013285965
s__Calditerrivibrio sp026415135
s__Prevotella sp017635615
s__Roseococcus sp019750475
s__Alsobacter sp027489275
s__Acinetobacter sp031277915
s__Robiginitalea sp030380815
s__Dinoroseobacter sp006844665
s__Microbacterium esteraromaticum
s__M3007 sp025055285
s__PSRF01 sp030859905
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000472385
s__Streptomyces sp004193175
s__Avispirillum sp017416205
s__CALGKJ01 sp937976095
s__Nriv7 sp018831625
s__Achromobacter sp000757485
s__Micromonospora kangleipakensis
s__GFB01 sp001039265
s__JALSNL01 sp026987055
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp013285595
s__JAJBSZ01 sp021203245
s__Crocinitomix sp023263555
s__JADZED01 sp020850715
s__JABDAW01 sp013288905
s__JAFGSR01 sp030634605
s__JAFAIN01 sp021323935
s__Enterocola sp017646225
s__Streptomyces cupreus
s__JASJCP01 sp030064915
s__UBA1181 sp017630395
s__Dyadobacter sp907165045
s__NIES-981 sp018399015
s__JAAYVI01 sp020722185
s__UBA6669 sp015075305
s__Trichormus sp015296085
s__Granulicella_C sp026225095
s__Gilvibacter sediminis
s__RUG11894 sp024682015
s__Sphingobium sp013375555
s__JAJRRS01 sp029260655
s__JAJFLJ01 sp028284075
s__Multivorans sp012270995
s__JALGZD01 sp025782395
s__Thiogranum sp020347685
s__Tepidibacter formicigenes
s__UWMA-0277 sp943788405
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017528825
s__AAA536-G10 sp902595515
s__Methylophosphatis haderslevensis
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212055
s__JACRCE01 sp016213015
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp029549925
s__Actinomarina sp902510055
s__Specibacter sp030063205
s__01-FULL-38-12b sp001820175
s__Prevotella sp947304695
s__WHSN01 sp016871175
s__Streptomyces sp026340975
s__UBA5429 sp029570835
s__JJ008 sp936908745
s__Collinsella sp902489855
s__Sulfurovum sp003646505
s__Desulfovibrio sp017454855
s__MB11C04 sp002168015
s__UMGS1613 sp947629285
s__Pelomonas sp021353265
s__Brevundimonas sp002483305
s__JARGFK01 sp029211065
s__JASJDA01 sp030065755
s__JANXMY01 sp025354405
s__Multivorans sp028875725
s__Polaromonas sp903926695
s__UBA4372 sp017480085
s__WFZT01 sp026991055
s__Thauera butanivorans
s__Sulfitobacter sp025143985
s__JAEYVS01 sp023429265
s__Thauera sp016790365
s__JADJXN01 sp016715815
s__Phenylobacterium sp947475465
s__MPNP01 sp026709725
s__Nitrospira_D sp002331625
s__Tannerella sp031269635
s__Roseiarcus sp021325385
s__QYPT01 sp903928745
s__Palsa-1032 sp030446555
s__Streptococcus entericus
s__Pseudalkalibacillus salsuginis
s__JAIPJO01 sp021734135
s__Gracilibacillus ureilyticus
s__Acinetobacter sp947624825
s__RUG14219 sp902796925
s__Rhizomicrobium sp026400305
s__JAAFHL01 sp013298365
s__RUG14515 sp017442875
s__Ruminococcus_E sp022508865
s__MSPOR6 sp003635315
s__CACVAW01 sp902727925
s__JAOTYV01 sp029861675
s__Sediminibacterium sp028687975
s__OXYB2-FULL-48-7-A sp001771615
s__DAOWOO01 sp030642025
s__RUG12826 sp017623455
s__JAJDDB01 sp029260575
s__Actinacidiphila sp029504575
s__JAISLT01 sp031278215
s__Planktophila sp945883725
s__CAMAVH01 sp945861615
s__Bacillus_BU sp937894355
s__Treponema_D sp937885235
s__JACKNG01 sp029977665
s__Palsa-1400 sp003138485
s__UMGS1649 sp017536445
s__CAMYLR01 sp947259315
s__Methylotenera sp028688575
s__JABMNI01 sp013204605
s__Fen-549 sp003162235
s__UBA4372 sp905234735
s__WRAI01 sp009780275
s__Acidoferrum sp013289585
s__Microvirga calopogonii
s__UBA1557 sp028687045
s__Rubrivivax sp963205115
s__OXYB2-FULL-49-7 sp001800515
s__Ventricola sp017938795
s__Lentzea indica
s__RUG705 sp016291995
s__Clostridium_AD sp937920395
s__Desulfosporosinus sp016278585
s__RAAP-2 sp003152215
s__Tardiphaga sp028290785
s__UBA10281 sp946540675
s__Clostridium puniceum
s__Stammera capleta_L
s__SIG644 sp017456145
s__Litorimonas taeanensis
s__Pristimantibacillus paeoniae
s__JADMIL01 sp014896235
s__SIG471 sp015068285
s__JAHCJI01 sp025916675
s__Roseicyclus sp937892565
s__Pelagibacter sp902538745
s__Nitrosospira sp030453055
s__Bact-19 sp017651185
s__JAISYE01 sp031297485
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902572475
s__CAG-1000 sp946413985
s__Aalborg-AAW-1 sp001007975
s__RUG806 sp017435865
s__Caldicellulosiruptor owensensis
s__Streptomyces sp003751445
s__JAAYPC01 sp023436145
s__WRAV01 sp029550985
s__Olsenella_I sp947253595
s__UBA9300 sp021738535
s__Pseudoroseomonas cervicalis_A
s__Marivita sp947503115
s__CACNXK01 sp028404565
s__Roseimicrobium sp023429545
s__Tetrasphaera sp021324575
s__REDI01 sp937891875
s__Didemnitutus sp025360455
s__Flavobacterium phycosphaerae
s__Aeriscardovia sp903789535
s__RGIG3701 sp017939795
s__JALHOQ01 sp022842925
s__Palsa-465 sp003137075
s__UBA6024 sp903834475
s__Aeromicrobium sp008017265
s__Pollutimonas nitritireducens
s__RBG-16-64-13 sp012523095
s__JAJFUJ01 sp021372475
s__Sodalis_B endolongispinus
s__Prevotella sp946407605
s__CALHRB01 sp026418625
s__WRGV01 sp031267295
s__Enterousia sp905233975
s__UBA1222 sp002309415
s__Mesorhizobium sp006442795
s__PXAP01 sp007132225
s__JAFLBI01 sp022402565
s__Anaerococcus mediterraneensis
s__Gottschalkia_A purinilytica
s__Aquella sp947499925
s__Sphingomonas ginsenosidivorax
s__JAPUEK01 sp027492585
s__JAGGYA01 sp021162785
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214175
s__Caccovivens sp015069325
s__Chordicoccus sp902783325
s__Micropelagos sp000293845
s__JAGHCE01 sp021160625
s__Thiocystis violacea
s__JAGONL01 sp020428015
s__WRNX01 sp009776395
s__JADJQU01 sp016712565
s__CAG-582 sp017626405
s__Lysobacter_B sp030151365
s__Nodosilinea sp003022385
s__UBA2883 sp024695725
s__JAHIME01 sp030693295
s__Sulfuriferula_A sp031291235
s__HGM12713 sp015063305
s__JAISKC01 sp031261345
s__M30B53 sp937900985
s__UBA10656 sp030378085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017445015
s__Azonexus sp008080565
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903881585
s__Deinococcus phoenicis
s__CAMDMI01 sp945902135
s__SKW86 sp026414765
s__Devosia sp913775215
s__CAG-492 sp017621295
s__JAHIRB01 sp018818885
s__QYPT01 sp014377015
s__Microbacterium sp002848265
s__Roseibium sp006517275
s__Agathobaculum sp030533295
s__JAIRSX01 sp031255235
s__Aquabacterium sp903871865
s__SLAN01 sp003552745
s__Pusillimonas_C sp000209655
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687355
s__Collinsella sp900552185
s__Lawsonibacter sp017631545
s__RGUW01 sp016882345
s__DT-32 sp013214065
s__FREY01 sp900143635
s__Scatovivens sp017528085
s__Agreia sp030433855
s__Hoeflea sp029210485
s__B14 sp000307305
s__GCA-2705445 sp913031205
s__JAKOQB01 sp029777935
s__Rhodoferax_A sediminis
s__Methylobacterium sp022829585
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017404725
s__JADFAK01 sp020437755
s__Flavobacterium sp023393485
s__CAG-196 sp945487905
s__Reconciliibacillus cellulovorans
s__JAIRLU01 sp031282065
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp947425785
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902554785
s__WRNU01 sp031259795
s__Luteibacter sp913774655
s__Tepidiforma sp026003935
s__JAIPEE01 sp021737275
s__UM-FILTER-53-11 sp002788775
s__Prevotella sp017442765
s__JAPLVK01 sp026397175
s__Sphingobium faniae
s__JAEZWQ01 sp030537935
s__Erythrobacter sp947488155
s__UBA1752 sp017560145
s__Angelobacter sp003140235
s__Microbacterium mitrae
s__G019856515 sp019856515
s__Tamlana_B sargassicola
s__JAJDAL01 sp029261875
s__UBA2450 sp902802905
s__JAKLDG01 sp022703645
s__JADFRH01 sp022561415
s__CAJOIG01 sp905234575
s__Pelagibacter sp902563435
s__Aquivivens sp016206725
s__J046 sp003696425
s__UMGS1613 sp017410525
s__Gallionella sp021851345
s__Alistipes sp944321955
s__RUG14515 sp902782395
s__JACOUQ01 sp016177775
s__DTU089 sp937891215
s__Roseinatronobacter sp007131465
s__Onthoplasma sp947630745
s__Psychrobacillus sp900111345
s__Sphingopyxis sp014595975
s__JAURMN01 sp030830725
s__QHBP01 sp003244175
s__Tolumonas auensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902623735
s__JAJFKB01 sp021736745
s__JAKPQE01 sp029572955
s__Sphingopyxis sp024628865
s__UBA6140 sp905339275
s__Telluria terrae
s__WRHT01 sp031285295
s__DAOUVR01 sp030667555
s__UBA668 sp030645495
s__Duganella qianjiadongensis
s__JAJFUV01 sp021372245
s__UBA6114 sp026419635
s__Amycolatopsis tolypomycina
s__UBA6244 sp002840975
s__JACDHQ01 sp013820975
s__Moraxella sp943908425
s__CASFHD01 sp949294455
s__RUG11942 sp902774205
s__JAISII01 sp031262125
s__Streptococcus oralis_CI
s__Cryptosporangium arvum
s__Bacillus_BV suaedae
s__JAUWKC01 sp030607345
s__Monoglobus sp958352815
s__Avelusimicrobium sp944323745
s__Prosthecobacter sp937941745
s__Lactobacillus sp014803905
s__Rossellomorea sp024733565
s__GCA-2401155 sp016764155
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902537275
s__Hasllibacter halocynthiae
s__Kribbella flavida
s__Luteibacter rhizovicinus_B
s__Limivicinus sp017465025
s__Flavobacterium gyeonganense
s__RBG-16-64-13 sp003157225
s__Faeciplasma sp021202155
s__JAGXTF01 sp018333525
s__Marinisoma sp017856055
s__Serinicoccus hydrothermalis
s__Sulfurovum sp026996325
s__Bacillus_AO bogoriense
s__UBA5734 sp002419145
s__JAJYXT01 sp021816695
s__Helicobacter_D burdigaliensis
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp030038875
s__UMGS1668 sp015067315
s__JAQGOT01 sp028293325
s__Streptomyces pinistramenti
s__JAGVLN01 sp020049805
s__RGIG9287 sp031265995
s__Paenibacillus_B arenosi
s__0-14-3-00-62-12 sp002785585
s__JARFRB01 sp029287455
s__Photobacterium malacitanum
s__F1-20-MAGs016 sp016872555
s__UBA12088 sp021731325
s__RUG13615 sp024697655
s__Flagellimonas sp010468565
s__CALWVF01 sp944384925
s__Dysosmobacter sp019418625
s__Alistipes sp949296715
s__Palsa-295 sp030037435
s__RBG-16-49-23 sp020059605
s__AWTP1-35 sp023434535
s__Gallionella sp030682375
s__CALDDN01 sp937936615
s__Rhizorhapis suberifaciens
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp016710525
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp023418315
s__Marisimplicoccus sp902558025
s__Herminiimonas sp000013625
s__Mariniblastus sp947259675
s__Phocaeicola sp015060705
s__CAG-269 sp934169775
s__Caballeronia pedi
s__Acidovorax sp028680575
s__JAQUTK01 sp028709785
s__IMCC26077 sp016870715
s__CALMWE01 sp026387995
s__CANLBN01 sp947487765
s__Nostoc sp017115165
s__CAG-177 sp015066625
s__Zunongwangia atlantica
s__2-12-FULL-35-11 sp030427555
s__JANQKP01 sp028281045
s__Mesorhizobium sp018588885
s__JADGGZ01 sp019689675
s__Parasphingorhabdus marina
s__Pedobacter sp016429155
s__Cryptobacteroides sp002439875
s__B3-TA06 sp030592225
s__Zongyangia hominis
s__Desulfotignum sp011390335
s__RGIG10270 sp017959905
s__JACOMY01 sp014324045
s__UBA1006 sp020428615
s__Luteimonas_C cucumeris
s__UBA6448 sp016282375
s__Amycolatopsis_C halophila
s__Mycobacterium sp025345615
s__Fictibacillus sp030348825
s__Lysobacter_C sp946886865
s__UMGS2069 sp017501645
s__JAFGVL01 sp031292565
s__Spyradocola sp944381265
s__Sinomicrobium sp029266035
s__CALUPY01 sp944322755
s__JAHBXB01 sp019636655
s__JAISNN01 sp031289755
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934675095
s__Lishizhenia tianjinensis
s__JAFEBQ01 sp018242585
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947305815
s__Thalassotalea_A litorea
s__Seleniivibrio woodruffii_A
s__Epilithonimonas sp000735135
s__JAAZNM01 sp012798265
s__JAGGTM01 sp021163745
s__UBA11574 sp019313025
s__Actinocorallia sp023425615
s__Onthocola_B sp934096755
s__E29-bin54 sp030610855
s__Treponema_D sp017645785
s__UBA4334 sp024688885
s__SFWF01 sp017630655
s__Inquilinus limosus
s__RGIG1902 sp017407765
s__Marinobacter salicampi
s__JACQYX01 sp016207985
s__40CM-4-68-19 sp025350525
s__Aphodocola sp947630435
s__Chlamydophila felis
s__JAAYYF01 sp937907415
s__Novosphingobium sp027486195
s__Sphingobacterium paludis
s__CHH4-2 sp018378255
s__RGIG8748 sp934463115
s__CADCWJ01 sp902806365
s__GCA-2720195 sp913043035
s__Pandoraea sp016428915
s__CAIVPM01 sp025363075
s__Acetatifactor sp902766425
s__JAUSNC01 sp030645645
s__Arthrobacter_D sp001187915
s__SHYB01 sp009693015
s__JACOXP01 sp016182295
s__Treponema_D sp902789325
s__Polaribacter sp900105145
s__RAAP-2 sp937881055
s__CAG-196 sp902780525
s__Alitiscatomonas sp021770825
s__CANKTH01 sp947486185
s__GCA-016699515 sp016699515
s__Frigoribacterium sp003751785
s__Neorhizobium oryzicola
s__UBA6857 sp023667385
s__JAJRRL01 sp024279495
s__RUG756 sp902796115
s__RGIG995 sp017934975
s__Salipiger bermudensis_A
s__Streptomyces sp026343115
s__Treponema_D sp947167745
s__Sulfuricella sp030696235
s__Sphingopyxis sp000763945
s__CALAIY01 sp937922595
s__CALGDE01 sp937883785
s__Pelagibacter sp902527215
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003280265
s__JAFGHS01 sp016930075
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945881795
s__Rhodopila sp025355085
s__Mucilaginibacter terrenus
s__MSPOR6 sp028820635
s__Fusobacterium sp023389595
s__Aquimixticola soesokkakensis
s__JACOMS01 sp937981945
s__Alectryocaccobium sp017509985
s__JAFUXM01 sp017450825
s__Nitrolancea hollandica
s__CAG-269 sp946639585
s__CALEDW01 sp937949585
s__Aliidiomarina celeris
s__Burkholderia catarinensis
s__Methylocystis sp016177005
s__UBA6154 sp018401415
s__Limenecus sp944325565
s__Cryobacterium suzukii
s__UBA11524 sp017463245
s__YN15 sp029256185
s__ATZT02 sp014190035
s__Prevotella sp916439115
s__Hanamia caeni
s__PWLA01 sp007695195
s__Tachikawaea gelatinosa
s__Pirellulimonas nuda
s__SFTH01 sp934645275
s__CANRIN01 sp946566645
s__Collinsella sp019414555
s__JACCWD01 sp013697825
s__Daejeonella sp025353765
s__Bacteroides sp949298305
s__CAG-269 sp949118805
s__Moraxella pluranimalium
s__UBA2834 sp947305705
s__Microbacterium sp013410955
s__JACRDA01 sp016212965
s__UBA791 sp017478515
s__Schinkia sp012840465
s__MGBC139354 sp947569225
s__Corynebacterium jeikeium_C
s__JAIPGU01 sp021734525
s__RUG572 sp934667295
s__Flavobacterium restrictum
s__Streptomyces violens
s__WRAA01 sp009780015
s__G020350785 sp020350785
s__UBA953 sp947453335
s__Limimorpha sp024400425
s__Telluria sp014841835
s__Flavobacterium sp013298525
s__Nocardioides panaciterrulae
s__Odoribacter sp031271755
s__JAFIEV01 sp020832305
s__Actinoplanes lichenis
s__Novosphingobium rosa
s__SXYR01 sp903957405
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila_C
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938017725
s__NORP293 sp016763975
s__Streptomyces rishiriensis_A
s__Thiobacillus sp024710445
s__JAAYGY01 sp012522165
s__DVEB01 sp015295905
s__Didemnitutus sp019634575
s__Onishia salinarum
s__Saccharofermentans sp946537885
s__UBA2868 sp902775485
s__RBG-16-43-11 sp020851375
s__RUG563 sp947624355
s__Palsa-360 sp025463105
s__Duncaniella sp019416285
s__Chersky-265 sp017881725
s__QWOP01 sp947453875
s__Dokdonella_A sp023388255
s__SZUA-401 sp002869605
s__Desulfocapsa sp021737265
s__Agrobacterium sp900472925
s__Enterobacter sp946477805
s__Nonlabens agnitus
s__Nocardioides sp030862715
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401915
s__Bailinhaonella thermotolerans
s__Actinoplanes friuliensis
s__Commensalibacter sp946699565
s__Bacteroides_D sp905373665
s__JABAAC01 sp022446965
s__RGIG6105 sp016280725
s__JALSRW01 sp026984595
s__JACPQR01 sp016190375
s__Trueperella sp012727825
s__RGIG9115 sp934486495
s__Aegicerativicinus sediminis
s__Luteimonas_D sp024707405
s__JABAAV01 sp014238595
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031264425
s__Nanosyncoccus sp007845165
s__Brevundimonas sp006547065
s__BS750m-G21 sp018814505
s__Pristimantibacillus sp029256665
s__UBA4427 sp002709835
s__Pelagibacter_A sp028139285
s__Streptococcus sp905221155
s__Trichlorobacter lovleyi_A
s__Spirochaeta_B africana
s__WARW01 sp028701645
s__PTET01 sp004359435
s__UBA8260 sp003141695
s__GWB2-37-7 sp001797185
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031264105
s__Thermodesulfobacterium hveragerdense
s__Streptomyces viridiviolaceus
s__JACDDU01 sp013816845
s__Gimesia alba
s__Methylobacterium sp022829725
s__NK4A136 sp024683645
s__Syntrophosphaera sp012728875
s__Pararoseburia sp946002055
s__Polaribacter septentrionalilitoris
s__Choladousia sp021201665
s__Stutzerimonas sp003527165
s__UBA3857 sp017616435
s__Zag111 sp017467605
s__UBA1255 sp017963755
s__Marivita sp023015985
s__DTFZ01 sp023415915
s__UBA3738 sp946410475
s__G029866965 sp029866965
s__UBA1775 sp002314595
s__Paracoccus sp016869875
s__Gallimonas sp947595585
s__DT-110 sp013214265
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334655
s__JAJFIG01 sp021775195
s__Limicola sp002160065
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp018402495
s__Treponema_D sp902772975
s__Aliiglaciecola sp030316135
s__Caulobacter sp027487945
s__Granulicatella sp947254045
s__Gluconobacter sp937880175
s__JAGBWK01 sp017629835
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946548715
s__Luteibacter jiangsuensis
s__JAAYVZ01 sp025456225
s__JAEVLT01 sp030705665
s__Arthrobacter sp002929275
s__Yoonia sp000967725
s__Faecousia sp021153265
s__JAEUUZ01 sp016786765
s__Pandoraea terrigena
s__QYPT01 sp025363635
s__Parasutterella sp947625105
s__Mycobacterium sp004762045
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017433905
s__JACQDT01 sp016200965
s__Wolbachia massiliensis
s__CADEFQ01 sp019187495
s__Hydrogenophaga sp937873395
s__Helicobacter_D sp022511145
s__Planococcus sp007859295
s__JAJFIE01 sp021775275
s__UBA3789 sp017432665
s__CANMXU01 sp947501935
s__Fervidobacterium sp026419195
s__Romboutsia_D sp947072565
s__JAAYHZ01 sp937894465
s__JACDOG01 sp017656305
s__Actinotalea sp023418375
s__JAIRRT01 sp031268115
s__Campylobacter_B sp938018035
s__JAAZPG01 sp016867585
s__HUN007 sp017848205
s__Bacteriovorax sp946482295
s__Collinsella sp002437815
s__CAIYPH01 sp026400845
s__Flavobacterium sp027531705
s__Cryobacterium sp025463545
s__Variovorax sp004211245
s__Schaedlerella sp002320245
s__JACQPT01 sp016207415
s__Pelagibacter sp902631265
s__QWPN01 sp937959175
s__AG-422-B15 sp014653725
s__Sulfurimonas sp027056465
s__Asticcacaulis sp002342035
s__UBA8515 sp020846955
s__DT-111 sp013214355
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003220955
s__Angustibacter sp001426435
s__UBA6024 sp023251435
s__Rhodothermus sp030950375
s__JANYKC01 sp029778945
s__Vreelandella olivaria
s__Streptomyces sp000720185
s__Blastomonas aquatica
s__Fulvivirga marina
s__JACQFK01 sp023261405
s__CASICS01 sp949373255
s__CCMM004 sp004005435
s__Flavobacterium flavigenum
s__Neobacillus sp000482325
s__Cellulomonas sp000688475
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031266535
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902610905
s__PFMI01 sp018830365
s__UBA10518 sp011372855
s__BHEQ01 sp003864535
s__JAIRYU01 sp031267075
s__Micromonospora cortesiana
s__JAITXT01 sp031284585
s__UBA5603 sp002424815
s__JAKAGC01 sp021817755
s__Caballeronia sp018449515
s__Pelagibacter sp016870175
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp955652075
s__Pseudooceanicola nanhaiensis_A
s__UBA737 sp017439585
s__Pseudomaricurvus sp009857815
s__Sphingomicrobium sp013361785
s__FEN-1297 sp027347125
s__Phil12 sp022482545
s__Streptomyces sp020400725
s__RUG762 sp902802795
s__UBA4421 sp009936775
s__Manganitrophus noduliformans
s__RGIG6909 sp017540815
s__MAG-120802 sp018883365
s__Treponema_D sp017551705
s__Mesorhizobium delmotii
s__JAKJBX01 sp022706765
s__UBA4823 sp020722415
s__Subtercola sp018889995
s__Streptomyces sp020400595
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra
s__Desulfotignum sp011390695
s__Flavobacterium sp030431055
s__Stieleria varia
s__PALSA-1152 sp003151595
s__G020351775 sp020351775
s__Mobilitalea sp023409835
s__Clostridium sp946575275
s__AG-337-I02 sp902602845
s__JAADGE01 sp947311125
s__Methylophaga frappieri
s__Algoriphagus sp009885605
s__JAIROC01 sp031273515
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp903839895
s__Christensenella tenuis
s__Aquisalimonas sp007133445
s__VFJN01 sp009694375
s__CACNYO01 sp902624765
s__JALGTD01 sp029821415
s__Mailhella sp944322635
s__Pelagibacter sp902584015
s__ER46 sp016235555
s__SG8-38 sp020354595
s__GCA-2698665 sp030835925
s__SIG644 sp017467225
s__CAJLIR01 sp947624115
s__Methylobacterium sp001423405
s__Siccirubricoccus phaeus
s__UBA6382 sp029219385
s__JAAETI01 sp030066875
s__JAHCSE01 sp018609195
s__JAGZHZ01 sp030526005
s__Entomomonas sp025985425
s__JAENIZ01 sp016844485
s__Colwellia sp030754235
s__JABMQV01 sp016783065
s__Bacteroides sp947074295
s__JACMNW01 sp014378345
s__Asticcacaulis excentricus_A
s__JAMCVM01 sp027365485
s__JAUSHL01 sp030648645
s__JANXAZ01 sp030549795
s__Treponema_D sp024695475
s__SZUA-533 sp003250375
s__Sphingomonas sp002083655
s__Kaistella sp007362475
s__Methylobacter_C sp003158415
s__JABDBC01 sp013288825
s__JACKAG01 sp020635195
s__Conyzicola sp025464995
s__Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense_A
s__JAUPVO01 sp030916975
s__JACRCG01 sp028687585
s__Paenibacillus_AE antri
s__Treponema_D sp012513125
s__RAAP-2 sp017882985
s__CANMEQ01 sp947497065
s__Tannerella sp003517945
s__Streptomyces guryensis
s__Porcincola sp902797665
s__Vicinibacter sp030856215
s__W589 sp011170375
s__Pseudomonas_E sp031253995
s__VGXK01 sp019636735
s__OLB19 sp027487145
s__Sphingomicrobium sp026785965
s__Chryseobacterium aureum
s__Collinsella aerofaciens_AJ
s__Parasegetibacter sp023721715
s__Sulfuriroseicoccus oceanibius
s__Gallimonas sp947626935
s__RI-29 sp016125495
s__Arctic95D-9 sp020629815
s__13-2-20CM-68-14 sp005883955
s__Clostridium_I akagii
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_G
s__Aliiroseovarius sediminilitoris
s__Sphingobium sp019097845
s__CAKORS01 sp934101605
s__JAIPFS01 sp021736505
s__Flavobacterium sp009826975
s__Mycoplasmopsis sp024582675
s__AWTP1-13 sp902826255
s__MM1 sp001648895
s__MED-G13 sp902509675
s__UBA7672 sp022844475
s__Fimbriiglobus sp025352585
s__SXON01 sp009692585
s__JACCES01 sp013416455
s__Marinitoga sp029910535
s__CAIFEB01 sp903789375
s__Polynucleobacter sp016462905
s__Tatlockia sp013697725
s__G020351855 sp020351855
s__Nocardia camponoti
s__Shuttleworthia sp027682585
s__Acidoferrum sp003224055
s__Erythrobacter sp018830415
s__UBA646 sp030621215
s__JAAYFJ01 sp012728295
s__JAERML01 sp016844425
s__UMGS1279 sp902465155
s__Rhodococcus marinonascens
s__JAFGFA01 sp016931275
s__GCA-2742885 sp002742885
s__Henriciella sp024743015
s__WFXC01 sp027082775
s__Paenibacillus_AI eucommiae
s__Prevotella sp902491375
s__Paludibaculum sp016721425
s__Arthrobacter sp026393275
s__Hylemonella sp947454695
s__Bradyrhizobium tropiciagri_B
s__UBA1177 sp017963125
s__Pelagibacter sp014654265
s__UBA7805 sp030751095
s__Telluria sp022012445
s__Lancefieldella sp916720745
s__Pandoraea bronchicola
s__Winogradskyella ludwigii
s__RUG131 sp937893635
s__Geomonas oryzisoli
s__CAIQCK01 sp026397915
s__Bifidobacterium hapali
s__UBA11358 sp027451565
s__Hymenobacter sp022921075
s__JAHDEG01 sp020628935
s__Sphingobium sp900109095
s__HGM11412 sp934254755
s__Pontiella sp937141895
s__JAOUBX01 sp029860075
s__Treponema_D sp937877535
s__Caulobacter sp011043625
s__Limnohabitans_A sp027488255
s__Brevibacterium senegalense_A
s__Microbacterium sp001262495
s__DUQU01 sp012800005
s__CALNCF01 sp937875035
s__Sulfidibacterium hydrothermale
s__SZUA-226 sp030600405
s__UBA685 sp011524995
s__Eubacterium_J sp947385105
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp013388965
s__Pelagibacter sp902565385
s__Flavobacterium hungaricum
s__FB2012 sp944388405
s__PMG-095 sp019695485
s__Sphingomicrobium jaspsi
s__Flavobacterium sp946481155
s__JAAWPK01 sp947624405
s__DUOZ01 sp012838555
s__Tolypothrix_B campylonemoides
s__Nocardia sp017354515
s__Venatoribacter sp023399105
s__JAKITS01 sp021648085
s__Albidovulum aquaemixtae
s__Alitiscatomonas sp934370915
s__Propionicimonas sp029975155
s__JACZXC01 sp022571825
s__Pelagibacter sp902542855
s__DTU052 sp012728655
s__IMCC26134_A sp027482505
s__RF16 sp902798015
s__GCA-2707915 sp902574355
s__Oceanospirillum maris
s__NK4A144 sp902783395
s__Streptomyces sp018614575
s__DUNJ01 sp012839395
s__Enterococcus_B courvalinii
s__JAUVPB01 sp030598925
s__Aridibacter sp013003215
s__JALRFN01 sp023268425
s__B10-G9 sp018263575
s__MED-G14 sp902520835
s__Pseudonocardia sp030453005
s__WRKP01 sp009778035
s__JAOTWH01 sp029863035
s__Mycobacterium sp023415515
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp013288285
s__Marinobacter goseongensis
s__CAG-196 sp934754735
s__PTKB01 sp002937555
s__S014-12 sp015486895
s__UBA636 sp017620435
s__Afipia sp017305455
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp002337045
s__Roseibium sediminis
s__SIG200 sp947591505
s__UBA11096 sp938002625
s__Nereida sp024640765
s__KLAP22 sp963205075
s__Brevundimonas bacteroides
s__Flavitalea sp002352105
s__QZLE01 sp004796365
s__Pelagibacter sp902571975
s__UBA6156 sp003241595
s__Limiplasma sp017501255
s__CAMYLJ01 sp947259215
s__RUG410 sp017479785
s__Streptococcus hillyeri
s__JACDAV01 sp030948505
s__GCA-2709385 sp002709385
s__Pelagibacter sp902537575
s__WTGU01 sp028818565
s__JAHJKV01 sp018822065
s__Mobilicoccus caccae
s__UBA5976 sp947476765
s__JACZTW01 sp022565195
s__Gallimonas sp947631005
s__JAHDBG01 sp020630515
s__Ottowia thiooxydans
s__Acaryochloris sp028285315
s__UBA10103 sp020058565
s__Brevundimonas sp006515835
s__Halanaerobium sp020711195
s__JALOPX01 sp025453655
s__UBA1547 sp903861015
s__Sideroxyarcus sp903847155
s__Rubrivivax sp030853725
s__JALRHH01 sp023253175
s__JACSRF01 sp937943625
s__UBA1757 sp017468435
s__Pauljensenia mediterranea
s__J004 sp027006055
s__Flavobacterium sp934636265
s__UBA1096 sp022451065
s__Rubritalea sp937981665
s__Bin22 sp028874675
s__Rhodovulum sp900142935
s__Thiomonas sp937927695
s__JAUJNY01 sp030447955
s__HGM11808 sp017547125
s__Thiopseudomonas sp012513235
s__Citricoccus sp026645375
s__Onthousia sp958428295
s__DAIDIE01 sp027459505
s__Pelagibacter sp902528545
s__GCA-2746885 sp016789655
s__RUG626 sp947626845
s__CANLSM01 sp947493745
s__B16-G9 sp015489465
s__JJ008 sp016219985
s__Flavobacterium amniphilum
s__Terrilactibacillus tamarindi
s__WRBM01 sp009784525
s__W281 sp011174795
s__AP-15 sp019238055
s__KBS50 sp002285795
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030403585
s__Luteimonas_B sp029763755
s__UBA1784 sp017508135
s__JAFGLY01 sp016927815
s__Caballeronia fortuita
s__CAG-964 sp902762375
s__Palsa-1315 sp005800255
s__MED-G09 sp002170885
s__RGIG4284 sp947574135
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023073335
s__JAHDBZ01 sp020630245
s__UBA737 sp017437005
s__Flagellimonas sp937884665
s__Corynebacterium gerontici
s__Manganitrophus sp016200325
s__Xylanimonas sp031282935
s__SG8-40 sp951812315
s__JAISDD01 sp031270725
s__Azospirillum brasilense_G
s__DYPW01 sp020719685
s__Tardiphaga sp026400425
s__Ferdinandcohnia sp022427965
s__JACPKP01 sp016186955
s__JAIYCX01 sp027487795
s__JACQXN01 sp016208745
s__CALUXS01 sp949292525
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp024636595
s__Pelagibacter sp902592285
s__Hoeflea marina
s__BRH-c54 sp019429185
s__Methylomarinum vadi
s__UBA8687 sp029261695
s__Desulfuromusa sp029933365
s__JAHBTD01 sp019638775
s__UBA953 sp903859115
s__Ructibacterium sp958346135
s__Methylobacter_A oryzae_A
s__Pelomonas sp009996515
s__JAIROX01 sp031257295
s__UBA10649 sp016125355
s__Flexicrinis proximus
s__Curtobacterium ammoniigenes
s__UBA5793 sp002418285
s__UBA987 sp937124965
s__XYB12-FULL-38-5 sp026417375
s__Sulfurimonas paralvinellae
s__Acinetobacter sp023702715
s__Nocardioides stalactiti
s__JAITPU01 sp031289235
s__Veillonella sp002959755
s__Bdellovibrio sp002381805
s__Streptomyces sp026008495
s__Halomonas borealis
s__JAFDAM01 sp019313825
s__JAJRSM01 sp024278765
s__Mumia quercus
s__UBA11475 sp017624285
s__UBA6249 sp004298075
s__Caccovivens sp944350015
s__Palsa-461 sp003151235
s__JAUYDO01 sp030691835
s__AG-337-I02 sp902620425
s__Butyrivibrio sp017470505
s__Collinsella sp905215835
s__JAJPJE01 sp021324365
s__Filobacillus milosensis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp025362475
s__UBA7236 sp019694895
s__JABFXX01 sp025357755
s__Aved-18 sp026129135
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944377805
s__Flavobacterium limnophilum
s__JAFGGJ01 sp016930595
s__JACQGM01 sp016199585
s__UBA877 sp903829085
s__Paramuribaculum sp020859845
s__JAHJCI01 sp018813085
s__Alitiscatomonas sp017556515
s__UBA8363 sp015228925
s__Prevotella sp947095945
s__Yoonia sp947503965
s__B3T1B10 sp027294815
s__CAG-533 sp934090735
s__Erysipelothrix aquatica_A
s__UBA5454 sp012512335
s__JAHCIE01 sp026129385
s__Sphingomicrobium marinum
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp947476485
s__Aquimarina sp947502885
s__Pseudohoeflea suaedae
s__Microbacterium sp011620665
s__UBA1429 sp007118555
s__Faeciplasma sp017472735
s__Ornithoclostridium sp944381315
s__Aphodoplasma sp015068725
s__JABDDK01 sp013287665
s__UBA6140 sp002842135
s__UBA2040 sp018825925
s__Nitrospira_D sp019636945
s__JACRCA01 sp016234425
s__Neoroseomonas sp020249415
s__Bu92 sp014896375
s__UBA1752 sp017549925
s__UBA1672 sp018399685
s__RGIG3925 sp017628075
s__UBA737 sp017390725
s__JAJKIV01 sp021154285
s__Nitrogeniibacter sp008501585
s__Mangrovicella endophytica
s__WARW01 sp019248165
s__Arachnia sp012514785
s__Eubacterium_J sp947625875
s__Pedobacter westerhofensis
s__JAFGIZ01 sp016929365
s__Olivibacter sp031157455
s__CAIOLM01 sp024644865
s__SKMO01 sp007121025
s__CAIJXJ01 sp027310505
s__CALJEL01 sp026417875
s__BOG-931 sp030038415
s__CG2-30-40-12 sp018817085
s__Bacillus_AT mannanilyticus
s__JADFXS01 sp015233515
s__Lepagella sp029060285
s__Mesorhizobium sp024746795
s__Vitreimonas sp026400735
s__URXU01 sp949285135
s__Gracilibacillus sp022919115
s__JAHJUB01 sp026387085
s__Caccovivens sp946495675
s__B21-G15 sp003650255
s__JAUVQD01 sp030610765
s__JAHDDV01 sp020629005
s__Tabrizicola aquatica
s__Granulicella sp028283625
s__Kordia jejudonensis
s__Labilibaculum manganireducens
s__Niastella caeni
s__JAIROC01 sp031254735
s__JAFUXM01 sp017443945
s__PUMD01 sp003551215
s__67-14 sp023436605
s__AG-363-B04 sp003278465
s__RF16 sp017558065
s__WGA-3G sp012270875
s__Pseudogemmobacter faecipullorum
s__JAHWKK01 sp019347945
s__WTAK01 sp013139625
s__UBA7485 sp002478485
s__JALYJY01 sp030775045
s__Syntrophotalea_A sp001751225
s__UBA8612 sp017516745
s__BNWE01 sp031288795
s__JAISED01 sp031264295
s__CAG-196 sp944323405
s__Prevotella sp017941345
s__Fusobacterium_A sp030527385
s__Treponema_D sp902785455
s__JAIPFM01 sp022567055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017937885
s__JALXDT01 sp027070475
s__SXKJ01 sp945904015
s__Shimia sediminis
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp026416295
s__Pilimelia anulata
s__Actinomycetospora cinnamomea
s__UMGS1864 sp017469445
s__Gymnodinialimonas sp947494975
s__Caccovivens sp947366545
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902598595
s__Roseburia sp017549185
s__JAKPSH01 sp029555385
s__JAACFB01 sp022574185
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp900753045
s__O2-12-FULL-49-9 sp001794935
s__JACZRW01 sp022574495
s__Coproplasma sp015069485
s__JJ008 sp937858715
s__Blautia_A sp934378195
s__UBA4720 sp030774785
s__RUG11194 sp902766725
s__UBA1547 sp026395405
s__UBA8949 sp023438965
s__Nannocystis sp016793465
s__Gallimonas sp947589085
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946406355
s__Alishewanella tabrizica
s__Sporosarcina sp018309085
s__Sulfuriferula_A thiophila
s__JAFIHG01 sp025449595
s__CAG-793 sp944391745
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209655
s__JAHJCW01 sp030621275
s__Allocoprobacillus sp944325245
s__BMS3Bbin11 sp029287915
s__Parapedobacter koreensis
s__Limivicinus sp902779945
s__Collinsella sp902489945
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029543085
s__Trichormus sp019976755
s__CAG-302 sp934096105
s__Marinilabilia rubra
s__Lihuaxuella thermophila
s__UBA5627 sp028707255
s__UBA5976 sp023257525
s__Saccharicenans sp014360015
s__JAGOJP01 sp029560465
s__Salicibibacter kimchii
s__CALCTX01 sp937907035
s__Flavobacterium sp023259675
s__Dysosmobacter sp023406225
s__Solidesulfovibrio magneticus_B
s__Borkfalkia sp958405585
s__Peribacillus sp918698115
s__Shimia sp024331145
s__Neptunochlamydia vexilliferae
s__Atopostipes sp029257245
s__JAKASX01 sp021818865
s__Enterousia sp934276735
s__UMGS995 sp947632685
s__Vibrio blepharus
s__Corynebacterium sp001806875
s__Paenibacillus etheri
s__Bradyrhizobium erythrophlei_D
s__Sulfitobacter pacificus
s__Enterousia sp947054455
s__Limimorpha sp947307415
s__RBG-13-66-14 sp026398675
s__CAG-1782 sp012520515
s__JAFGNG01 sp016927125
s__Amoebophilus asiaticus
s__UBA3077 sp027069385
s__RI-55 sp003484235
s__Vescimonas sp934591745
s__Sodaliphilus sp947167995
s__JAUXUR01 sp030696155
s__UBA7332 sp028687995
s__UBA6911 sp016934295
s__Eubacterium_I sp020860185
s__AC-37 sp005883295
s__JAQVVF01 sp028699085
s__SZUA-140 sp026982565
s__UBA737 sp017624675
s__UBA6098 sp002428525
s__Sulfurimonas sp024762745
s__JAGXLC01 sp021740225
s__JANQPA01 sp030430845
s__RUG369 sp017436025
s__SSS58A sp020060525
s__Janthinobacterium sp030944405
s__Polaromonas sp018780625
s__Pedobacter sp900100435
s__PTKQ01 sp002937815
s__JAHJDJ01 sp018812585
s__2-01-FULL-39-10-A sp016186625
s__P52-10 sp000516555
s__Maribacter_C sp938029725
s__Microbacterium testaceum_F
s__Sulfuricurvum sp024637295
s__LMSL01 sp001428405
s__Chryseobacterium sp002216065
s__Limosilactobacillus sp902834055
s__Onthoplasma sp015069415
s__Robiginitalea sp024642005
s__Paenirhodobacter hankyongi
s__Herpetosiphon sp020161265
s__Sphingopyxis sp030655355
s__Arthrobacter sp023273875
s__JAKLQR01 sp022013235
s__JAITHW01 sp031280155
s__JADZGC01 sp020854115
s__UBA12077 sp030643125
s__JAKFVC01 sp028291565
s__Giesbergeria sp023954095
s__Pengzhenrongella fimi_A
s__DYQY01 sp020719045
s__CAMBSA01 sp945869935
s__Rhodoferax sp021737975
s__SIG423 sp017461545
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024401795
s__Rhodoflexus sp938039675
s__Dryocola sp946480445
s__UBA11986 sp003541875
s__JADGQE01 sp017882055
s__Sinisalibacter sp003694465
s__GRL18 sp015222495
s__DYHD01 sp026415415
s__JABURT01 sp014762485
s__Mycobacterium sp004298145
s__Bifidobacterium cebidarum
s__JAAYRB01 sp012519005
s__JAEUHS01 sp016794565
s__JAQUOB01 sp028717325
s__UBA721 sp938084685
s__Lactiplantibacillus plajomi
s__JAHISY01 sp018817365
s__Spirosoma aureum
s__Palsa-1315 sp005116945
s__QHVT01 sp030775085
s__CAMENZ01 sp945928865
s__Roseibium limicola
s__CAIYRG01 sp947467345
s__Micromonospora sonchi
s__UBA3824 sp017530465
s__Streptomyces sp018638295
s__JAGTJU01 sp022184915
s__Aquincolibacterium sp023246985
s__F1-80-MAGS106 sp005805305
s__UBA4068 sp002382665
s__JAITAH01 sp031284225
s__Zinderia insecticola
s__XBD2001 sp024690265
s__Bacillus_BR caeni
s__Pedobacter nanyangensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902592375
s__Chordicoccus sp902773195
s__TMED108 sp913046805
s__S144-34 sp026989495
s__DFXE01 sp031279915
s__JAOTWM01 sp029862885
s__Fictibacillus arsenicus
s__UBA1740 sp002315715
s__CAIYRG01 sp028869355
s__Amnibacterium sp025463795
s__Granulicatella sp937923125
s__Halomonas urmiana
s__Devosia_A sp028290665
s__RPQJ01 sp016713725
s__Bacillus_BN acanthi
s__Fervidibacillus halotolerans
s__JADHLN01 sp016780625
s__Nakamurella silvestris
s__Kappaea frigidicola
s__Demequina aurantiaca
s__Billgrantia zhangzhouensis
s__Bullifex sp024698005
s__HGM11412 sp017504165
s__SZUA-226 sp027298165
s__Nanoperiomorbus periodonticus
s__Spirosoma validum
s__RGIG8762 sp017626495
s__Pelagibacter sp902595595
s__Desulfomarina sp029934775
s__UBA1240 sp012519415
s__Vreelandella sp017983445
s__Methylobacter_A sp025361585
s__JAITMJ01 sp031277475
s__Rhodohalobacter sulfatireducens
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903887275
s__Flavobacterium sp025947185
s__Desulfovibrio sp002237645
s__Polaromonas sp947460165
s__Rhodobacter_B lobularis
s__Persicitalea jodogahamensis
s__QWPN01 sp016872955
s__Acidoferrum sp013289955
s__UBA737 sp024404325
s__JAUIJL01 sp028066595
s__JAITWM01 sp031263725
s__VGNW01 sp016865955
s__Arsenicitalea aurantiaca
s__Curtobacterium sp003234185
s__28-YEA-48 sp947472615
s__Sphingomonas sp023426225
s__Pauljensenia sp938030835
s__Arthrobacter sp030816935
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp025451375
s__Opacimonas sp023268935
s__Nocardioides sp011045035
s__JAJZIF01 sp021810735
s__JAFEDO01 sp018241565
s__CAG-115 sp934457235
s__Aldehydirespirator sp021296315
s__UBA4246 sp946536315
s__JAUUYJ01 sp030588275
s__Sulfuricurvum sp002633015
s__JACMOY01 sp014377795
s__Alicyclobacillus dauci
s__GCA-2704665 sp902627495
s__JACPXK01 sp016196555
s__CACIIZ01 sp902599445
s__Lacrimispora algidixylanolytica
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp016793445
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003215895
s__DYIT01 sp020723505
s__Monoglobus sp947624495
s__JAQVJI01 sp028695255
s__JAJRYP01 sp024275695
s__UM-FILTER-38-24 sp943359415
s__Faecousia sp020025575
s__CAJOJR01 sp905235065
s__Pseudalkalibacillus berkeleyi
s__Gloeocapsa sp007693955
s__Sporocytophaga sp017745095
s__Thiomicrorhabdus cannonii
s__M50B96 sp937954085
s__Microbacterium sp001427525
s__Bosea sp030695125
s__JAJKJG01 sp000745135
s__Bog-473 sp003133545
s__UBA4675 sp017620875
s__Aliidiomarina sp023380515
s__Synechococcus_C sp014279815
s__RGIG1666 sp017416985
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_P
s__HGM04593 sp937906165
s__RGIG1962 sp944325195
s__Siphonobacter sp913774715
s__Ruminococcus_E sp002491825
s__UBA3824 sp017962175
s__Gillisia marina
s__WRNQ01 sp009783355
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902572345
s__Sphingomonas_I sp019508115
s__Ferdinandcohnia onubensis_C
s__Treponema_D sp024402505
s__Ch128a sp026417495
s__JAGNHS01 sp018001635
s__Bradyrhizobium sp028290765
s__Geopsychrobacter sp024279255
s__Mesorhizobium_A sp023954305
s__CAG-433 sp947629025
s__JAAYFT01 sp012735245
s__JACMKV01 sp014379915
s__SAR86A sp902560315
s__JACPAX01 sp016180585
s__PHEG01 sp002842835
s__JAGVGK01 sp020057185
s__GCA-2737665 sp937974275
s__CAG-475 sp934277615
s__CG1-02-41-21 sp002778645
s__CABYJX01 sp913051825
s__Phocaeicola sp017559935
s__Caldithrix sp013151275
s__Methylobacterium podarium
s__Limimorpha sp017553625
s__Cupriavidus pauculus_E
s__Arthrobacter sp025464875
s__UBA4582 sp020443225
s__Nocardioides rotundus
s__Streptomyces sp001905445
s__Syntrophomonas_A palmitatica
s__Hydrogenivirga sp030950545
s__Faecousia sp017429835
s__UBA1731 sp015061765
s__Ancylobacter sp009223885
s__Caldithrix sp027039465
s__Glycomyces sp019710475
s__Gloeotrichia echinulata
s__Desulfovibrio sp031280915
s__Pelagibacter sp902522895
s__Ureaplasma sp025780075
s__Pseudomonas_E alkylphenolica_A
s__JAUWXU01 sp030616145
s__UBA4246 sp017469085
s__SYOC01 sp016197285
s__UBA6024 sp030695265
s__Litorimonas sp029936425
s__Devosia sp012799265
s__Jhaorihella sp027000645
s__Bosea sp900112185
s__Symbiopectobacterium sp015762685
s__RUG591 sp947628095
s__Collinsella sp019414345
s__JAPLYW01 sp026395335
s__Kitasatospora phosalacinea_C
s__JABMPQ01 sp018818965
s__O2-02-FULL-57-9 sp001800015
s__JAOZSN01 sp029939635
s__Allosphingosinicella indica
s__SKHV01 sp016933815
s__Pantoea sp001485295
s__CALGIV01 sp937914785
s__Psychromonas sp004378355
s__CAISGS01 sp937952995
s__CSBR16-107 sp007117835
s__CAJYOV01 sp913776405
s__UBA11452 sp019408975
s__Desulfobacula sp029940245
s__Dermabacter sp943913905
s__Vicinibacter sp016719615
s__JALOMB01 sp025455685
s__Halioglobus japonicus_A
s__JAUYKW01 sp030698395
s__JAKQQT01 sp029564025
s__Hypnocyclicus thermotrophus
s__Propionicimonas sp023432725
s__Pseudidiomarina taiwanensis
s__Robiginitomaculum sp938015875
s__Dysosmobacter sp019423635
s__Sphingopyxis yananensis
s__JAFGMK01 sp016927565
s__Rhizorhapis sp016650315
s__JAJDAH01 sp029261965
s__Blastococcus sp004570425
s__Streptomyces sp001279775
s__CAJWCA01 sp913020115
s__CAJOJO01 sp017940575
s__Saccharofermentans sp946187935
s__Mycobacterium sp020181615
s__JAFLUR01 sp022508725
s__Prevotella sp003932845
s__UBA10103 sp016186765
s__UBA6680 sp016926405
s__Desulfocapsa sp024763035
s__M30B66 sp018401705
s__PALSA-278 sp003133505
s__Spirosoma luteum
s__Pelagibacter sp902538915
s__CALMWN01 sp937873555
s__Ferdinandcohnia sp020731355
s__DTYO01 sp012961845
s__B46-G9 sp003646815
s__Collinsella sp958421655
s__UBA1248 sp017619885
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp014879545
s__SFWF01 sp017387475
s__RF16 sp017541805
s__WRGR01 sp009787085
s__CALUOB01 sp949287065
s__Alistipes sp017503575
s__Haemophilus_D parainfluenzae_L
s__WFSH01 sp015486145
s__UBA737 sp017403265
s__JAGPDB01 sp963169585
s__Cellulosimicrobium marinum
s__BPJZ01 sp026004875
s__Dethiosulfovibrio peptidovorans_A
s__Methylomonas sp903902945
s__Anaerolinea thermophila
s__JAAEQW01 sp024231025
s__Flavisolibacter sp023415275
s__SZUA-100 sp003232595
s__M0103 sp945861175
s__Mycobacterium sp018883075
s__Buchnera aphidicola_H
s__Dyella sp900114495
s__JAFLBB01 sp020852175
s__Marinobacterium_A sedimentorum
s__UBA12465 sp016432645
s__Methylophilus sp015354445
s__Opacimonas sp949498985
s__LMDS01 sp001425865
s__Neobacillus sp023512145
s__Tannerella sp031276175
s__Vulcanococcus sp937975655
s__SP197 sp002722885
s__JAUNSQ01 sp030539135
s__JACRCG01 sp009885845
s__VXPQ01 sp951812335
s__Staphylococcus sp013391405
s__Paraburkholderia sp003121405
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902592655
s__UBA1550 sp028712595
s__JACJXW01 sp024102975
s__Lutibacter sp027068695
s__RUG563 sp905236495
s__Ideonella livida
s__CANQBR01 sp947589605
s__WLXB01 sp028822445
s__JAJRRS01 sp029260675
s__Eudoraea sp020346245
s__Sediminibacterium roseum
s__Streptomyces canus_F
s__Alteripontixanthobacter maritimus
s__Rhizomicrobium sp018242105
s__RSA1 sp002919305
s__Planktophila sp018969355
s__Novosphingobium sp029781465
s__Proteiniphilum sp003517675
s__Arachnia sp027658995
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp018604165
s__Galbitalea sp025463785
s__JASBSO01 sp030148905
s__Catenibacillus sp018369015
s__Acetobacter papayae
s__CADCTF01 sp902805655
s__GCA-002708315 sp937912115
s__TMED14 sp913009655
s__Ilumatobacter sp020439405
s__RBG-16-64-22 sp919903025
s__JACRCG01 sp019352135
s__RUG705 sp946619755
s__MED-G116 sp902547925
s__Flavobacterium aquicola
s__JAISQA01 sp031274525
s__SIBE01 sp945861765
s__RACS-045 sp944380355
s__JAFATL01 sp019243975
s__Tyrphobacter sp027315245
s__JABDQW01 sp030641945
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp902826555
s__SKKZ01 sp014859265
s__Kmv16 sp030591795
s__Demequina flava
s__M30B19 sp030681235
s__Ga0077539 sp013298625
s__Flavobacterium marinum
s__VGNY01 sp016865895
s__NORP294 sp905479325
s__Spirillospora barringtoniae
s__Kordia antarctica
s__PSRF01 sp013817595
s__Thermopetrobacter sp026982665
s__Hominenteromicrobium sp017623855
s__Coprococcus_A sp016297495
s__Undibacterium sp016196925
s__CALNBC01 sp937874755
s__Pelagibacter sp902540545
s__LS-NOB sp937891765
s__Butyribacter sp947643145
s__UMGS1865 sp015064315
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003210695
s__0-14-0-80-60-11 sp020052215
s__Sulfurovum sp026983515
s__CAKOLD01 sp934096015
s__Brevinema sp947036575
s__Desulfuromusa sp030590745
s__Arthrobacter sp001423745
s__Psychromonas antarctica
s__UBA6092 sp002428565
s__UBA1038 sp934615145
s__Faecousia sp017502265
s__JACQOU01 sp016207775
s__Methylophilus sp008015755
s__JALWJW01 sp026990765
s__VFMC01 sp009704985
s__RGIG9379 sp937915765
s__Pseudomarimonas sp023156535
s__RGIG3040 sp947382355
s__Palauibacter sp022826685
s__CAILAD01 sp013816445
s__Limivicinus sp934572325
s__Chryseobacterium ginsenosidimutans_A
s__Chlorogloeopsis sp030381805
s__Paeniglutamicibacter cryotolerans
s__Maribacter orientalis
s__Variovorax ginsengisoli_C
s__Clostridium moniliforme
s__Rubrivivax sp016789955
s__Advenella_A sp012735395
s__Hydrogenibacillus sp014896255
s__JALGXY01 sp029824475
s__Pseudomonas_E sp003605735
s__UBA2330 sp016719565
s__JADKHR01 sp016714745
s__Hydrogenophaga sp016790705
s__Oligoflexus tunisiensis
s__Falsiroseomonas sp027482245
s__Chlorobaculum sp025244685
s__Caldilinea sp014879855
s__UBA11606 sp002699625
s__SCGC-AAA160-P02 sp949541125
s__JACPEP01 sp016183425
s__UBA7378 sp902624095
s__Firm-08 sp017560905
s__CAG-273 sp947647115
s__Udaeobacter sp013372845
s__RGIG6375 sp017513385
s__JAHDBB01 sp020630635
s__UBA2199 sp004525465
s__Pseudomonas_E mandelii_E
s__AB-137-C09 sp030950965
s__Pelagibacter sp902555965
s__Jeotgalibacillus campisalis
s__Devosia sp026126125
s__UBA2112 sp030916565
s__PWMO01 sp003558175
s__Methylocella acidiphila
s__Acidicapsa acidisoli
s__VMCP01 sp023268875
s__UTPLA1 sp900696465
s__DSQQ01 sp015075185
s__Coprococcus sp017624085
s__Demequina sp024642165
s__JAUWSR01 sp030609975
s__Onthovivens sp949293255
s__9FT-COMBO-55-16 sp001795335
s__Runella sp003711225
s__Methyloceanibacter sp014380485
s__VGRA01 sp016875515
s__JAHDHW01 sp020631105
s__Streptomyces sp027497195
s__Collinsella sp900545485
s__Hyphobacterium sp002783385
s__UBA4644 sp902797555
s__Gemmiger sp944382805
s__Mycobacterium dioxanotrophicus
s__Sulfurimonas marina
s__Parasulfuritortus sp028695325
s__DTKY01 sp020851555
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp937871625
s__Defluviimonas nitratireducens
s__Alistipes sp017520545
s__Pelagibacter sp902522525
s__Shimia_A biformata
s__Enterousia sp902787305
s__UBA961 sp023253875
s__Streptococcus sp915063165
s__Luteimonas mephitis
s__WRHW01 sp031273105
s__Caproicibacter sp004103755
s__JAAZMU01 sp028708155
s__JAHFNJ01 sp023267375
s__Oceanicoccus sp937969395
s__Cytobacillus purgationiresistens
s__Acinetobacter sp947626835
s__Chlorobium sp013334485
s__Rhizobium sp900471925
s__Tous-C4FEB sp014376585
s__UBA9973 sp943350875
s__Aquibacillus halophilus
s__SZUA-24 sp947259575
s__CFX5 sp023384495
s__Bradyrhizobium amphicarpaeae
s__Methylobacterium segetis
s__JAJFMK01 sp021772215
s__Arenicella sp023299895
s__Lacibacter sp937862815
s__JACZVU01 sp022561775
s__Sunxiuqinia sp024635605
s__M1806 sp006226545
s__Mariprofundus sp913056285
s__Pseudomonas_B psychrotolerans_B
s__Chondrinema sp937129345
s__JAAYKF01 sp028683685
s__UBA7434 sp905480475
s__JAJRUE01 sp026989055
s__GWA1-54-10 sp007375995
s__Scatosoma sp017457225
s__Nocardiopsis ganjiahuensis
s__Gemmobacter_B sp027487395
s__JAHFBR01 sp023249955
s__JANXCM01 sp025060085
s__JACOMS01 sp020628425
s__Granulicella_C tundricola
s__Paenibacillus chibensis
s__WRFC01 sp031254255
s__Sinomonas mesophila
s__SLAA01 sp007695055
s__Enterousia sp017466525
s__Ga0077553 sp016871055
s__JAGGVQ01 sp030621105
s__JAAFKA01 sp013299115
s__JALWTS01 sp027077805
s__JALXAE01 sp026992355
s__Saccharibacillus qingshengii
s__SpSt-501 sp030834695
s__Trichormus_B sp936914905
s__JANYIP01 sp025361995
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp009783025
s__Terribacillus halophilus_A
s__RUG410 sp017479985
s__Gemmata massiliana_A
s__SLNK01 sp007133095
s__O2-12-FULL-59-9 sp001800185
s__CAIQEU01 sp903874965
s__Ketogulonicigenium robustum
s__Bradyrhizobium hipponense
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023074175
s__JAISAK01 sp031266695
s__Skermanella sp016653635
s__JAKLFS01 sp022711075
s__C7867-001 sp011322135
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025656675
s__UBA1398 sp014730065
s__Methyloglobulus sp013140405
s__JANYGX01 sp025362295
s__Sphingopyxis soli
s__Enemella sp030544185
s__Thiocapsa sp011390875
s__Magnetovibrio sp016763255
s__CAKMZU01 sp026708525
s__Fluviicola sp946478805
s__Pseudoroseomonas rhizosphaerae
s__UBA6055 sp026713245
s__Okeania sp014132355
s__JAAAOL01 sp009908885
s__JAGVPT01 sp020052095
s__Mycobacterium stellerae
s__Thermostichus vulcanus_A
s__Lacibacter sp937907395
s__Halioglobus sp029287595
s__Pandoraea anapnoica
s__RPRC01 sp003857395
s__JAKEHD01 sp022615215
s__UBA4722 sp023265835
s__CADEER01 sp028282445
s__JAAWPK01 sp947590905
s__Rubrimentiphilum sp013036105
s__WRAY01 sp009779975
s__UBA1709 sp002317215
s__JAJDCQ01 sp029260755
s__UBA1213 sp947589365
s__GCA-2401725 sp015487235
s__Enterousia sp002310415
s__Henriciella sp013213785
s__WRFY01 sp009783445
s__Rhodohalobacter sp007693295
s__Borkfalkia sp944328495
s__Magnetominusculus sp015233015
s__JAIRRL01 sp031270805
s__Thioclava atlantica
s__Draconibacterium sp030632865
s__RGIG6816 sp024404445
s__Negativibacillus sp020024285
s__RGIG8482 sp949747745
s__Planctomyces_A sp023429275
s__Nonomuraea basaltis
s__Pelagibacter sp902562875
s__Campylobacter_A sp030532465
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030041475
s__UBA1994 sp937927575
s__JAPPKS01 sp028819845
s__Ga0077548 sp018335895
s__Sneathiella litorea
s__JABFSX01 sp014377245
s__RUG14891 sp017519965
s__PALSA-1006 sp020055845
s__Lunatimonas sp016124425
s__AC-37 sp030861775
s__Treponema_D sp937902125
s__Proteiniphilum sp937873925
s__Pelagibacter sp902608975
s__Streptomyces aureus_B
s__Pseudidiomarina sp018222985
s__JAIEOQ01 sp019750335
s__SLFT01 sp023145975
s__JAEZEZ01 sp023432855
s__GCA-2711565 sp029931995
s__Novosphingobium sp009926135
s__JACKDL01 sp030424955
s__Paracaedibacter_A symbiosus
s__Chlorobium_A sp002240205
s__JAIOQJ01 sp021413475
s__Firm-07 sp934481325
s__Acinetobacter puyangensis
s__Knoellia sp000152705
s__Pelagihabitans pacificus
s__Caldilinea sp026389955
s__Vibrio sp014694455
s__Nocardioides oleivorans
s__Phytohabitans houttuyneae
s__JADFXQ01 sp015233495
s__Arachnia coleopterorum
s__Cryptobacteroides sp020026275
s__UBA6077 sp002436065
s__JABDFB01 sp013286765
s__UBA5489 sp028694075
s__CALLZJ01 sp937858435
s__HB2-32-21 sp019090225
s__CAIYPD01 sp903928075
s__Rhizobium sp029714285
s__Mucilaginibacter sp026224775
s__Parerythrobacter sp004114695
s__Campylobacter_B sp938045775
s__Flavobacterium phaeum_A
s__WRNU01 sp031285965
s__CAIZGA01 sp903932385
s__Flagellimonas sp024743095
s__Undibacterium sp009937955
s__Microcella alkaliphila
s__CAG-269 sp944386385
s__HGM04593 sp017631585
s__Pelagibacter sp902520645
s__UBA3305 sp021202235
s__IMCC26134_A sp946481225
s__DRQN01 sp026982475
s__Desulfosporosinus sp031292055
s__JAHJTR01 sp018829865
s__Lysinibacillus sp026012395
s__CAG-269 sp947568535
s__JAAZZY01 sp022601345
s__JAJZXK01 sp027335515
s__Porphyromonas_A sp030529525
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017514125
s__UBA1181 sp024693065
s__Amnibacterium kyonggiense
s__Hydrogenimonas sp013153475
s__JAEWPB01 sp023399465
s__UBA2093 sp945889575
s__Faecousia sp015067495
s__CAIKLP01 sp947505035
s__SP197 sp022822575
s__Egicoccus sp018335555
s__Amycolatopsis alkalitolerans
s__Sulfurimonas sp027019335
s__Pristimantibacillus sp001956295
s__Chitinophaga varians_A
s__GCA-012562765 sp012569525
s__Neorhizobium galegae_A
s__UBA6144 sp021732585
s__JAGOPO01 sp017992005
s__JAUXBS01 sp030619245
s__JAGGTK01 sp030606285
s__RUG13160 sp017548925
s__Marimonas_A lutisalis
s__Thiomicrorhabdus indica
s__Microtetraspora niveoalba
s__RGIG5678 sp017512675
s__JACPJN01 sp016187515
s__Shewanella sp028223395
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017457155
s__Yoonia sp947500055
s__Paenibacillus_Z albus
s__Frigididesulfovibrio sp002293605
s__Paraburkholderia sp004361815
s__UMGS2070 sp902496015
s__Palsa-851 sp003136295
s__VEXC01 sp009391225
s__JAAYGY01 sp012735575
s__QEUY01 sp020846635
s__JANXPB01 sp025350765
s__Luteolibacter sp016871685
s__Fuerstiella sp937916515
s__CAJBEZ01 sp026388665
s__Bacteroides_D sp002749065
s__AC2028 sp902794095
s__Rhodoferax_C sp945898115
s__JADFCW01 sp026415575
s__Peribacillus sp900112495
s__Pseudomonas_F sp001708505
s__Neptunitalea sp027924185
s__M0103 sp023262855
s__Microbacterium sp937926065
s__JAMOQA01 sp027064265
s__Avelusimicrobium sp902766765
s__MGBC162581 sp947623645
s__Noviherbaspirillum galbum
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947304135
s__Geotalea uraniireducens
s__RYN-111 sp025465465
s__Erythrobacter sp018991295
s__Kitasatospora sp000955975
s__UBA964 sp025458905
s__JACCXP01 sp013696905
s__RUG806 sp017396895
s__Coprenecus merdipullorum
s__JAMWCB01 sp023819605
s__Microtetraspora sp030268965
s__Palleronia guishaninsula
s__CAG-196 sp944322555
s__PHAN01 sp002841695
s__JACQZG01 sp016213935
s__UBA9611 sp013204585
s__Taishania sp029558435
s__JACVSF01 sp014534385
s__D2472 sp902511575
s__Nocardioides sp022436705
s__Levilactobacillus bambusae
s__JAHDCE01 sp020630455
s__Methylovulum sp004299465
s__Micromonospora radicis
s__Pseudomonas_F sp028010285
s__Wujia sp002404515
s__UBA1660 sp017644045
s__Desulforhopalus aestuarii_A
s__JAAYUR01 sp937873275
s__SCGC-AAA076-P13 sp902558375
s__JADLHS01 sp023953615
s__JACXUG01 sp021044585
s__SCSIO-12696 sp024397955
s__NORP342 sp016763045
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp028870635
s__JALHNI01 sp022843605
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017454265
s__UBA5186 sp002413095
s__HTCC5015 sp000155715
s__Nocardioides ferulae
s__JACQYL01 sp016208165
s__JANJUO01 sp024710535
s__Burkholderia sp001522865
s__JAJRPG01 sp029260115
s__Saccharicrinis carchari
s__Gemmatimonas phototrophica
s__RUG626 sp944385775
s__SCRA01 sp004297985
s__JAMOQM01 sp027064005
s__CAIYPG01 sp947476535
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902536455
s__Ornithinibacillus_A gellani
s__UBA3291 sp947169045
s__Phenylobacterium sp025351295
s__CAG-196 sp949296355
s__UBA7430 sp022425195
s__UBA4124 sp937903035
s__JAEZYR01 sp023442635
s__UBA7862 sp949296965
s__Parvibaculum sedimenti
s__JAPLWL01 sp026396635
s__Tannerella sp031278765
s__Streptococcus oralis_CJ
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947588785
s__UBA2282 sp030645735
s__Streptococcus mitis_BR
s__Shimia sp947493595
s__GCA-2723275 sp002723275
s__Enterenecus sp021770845
s__OMIS01 sp900299155
s__JAIPGN01 sp021735685
s__Vreelandella sp031010175
s__Phocaeicola sp017416735
s__UBA1770 sp002315325
s__RGIG5612 sp017553695
s__RF16 sp937901025
s__UMGS1865 sp017559555
s__CAJYBN01 sp913064925
s__JAOUMY01 sp029881255
s__GWB1-37-8 sp016186645
s__UBA9145 sp949430125
s__UBA3054 sp002308555
s__UM-FILTER-49-7 sp002789615
s__Prevotella sp946415525
s__UMGS1649 sp017521005
s__JACJXV01 sp020636445
s__Peptoanaerobacter yurii
s__OMJR01 sp900299355
s__JAHJDS01 sp018812395
s__Firm-07 sp001604005
s__Thermus tenuipuniceus
s__UBA7441 sp902603705
s__JAUZRS01 sp030949385
s__Anaerocolumna sp029239975
s__Avanaerovorax sp949292945
s__UBA1140 sp024763575
s__A37T11 sp900109895
s__Pelagibacter sp902585265
s__Rhodanobacter denitrificans_A
s__JAGRNW01 sp020440555
s__Nitrosomonas sp021774075
s__Actinacidiphila glaucinigra
s__Sulfurimonas sp027044845
s__JAENZU01 sp016841125
s__Effusibacillus pohliae
s__JAHFBM01 sp023250055
s__Aquisediminimonas_A sediminicola
s__Sulfuritalea sp030696505
s__Chryseobacterium colombiense
s__JAUWHW01 sp030605665
s__Corynebacterium urinipleomorphum
s__Croceibacterium sp017744315
s__Gimibacter soli
s__Ruminococcus_E sp015066245
s__AVCC01 sp030698225
s__JACDES01 sp013816265
s__UBA1163 sp002327885
s__Bacillus_BB thermozeamaize
s__CAG-269 sp948466095
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031255375
s__JABZFP01 sp030065585
s__YB1-3 sp016781225
s__JACCTI01 sp013694595
s__Marinibacterium sp002709405
s__RUG12461 sp902779355
s__Polynucleobacter asymbioticus_C
s__REBX01 sp007692505
s__UM-FILTER-33-9 sp002785065
s__Symbiothrix sp025996815
s__Sphingopyxis sp025244705
s__WRAV01 sp009784625
s__Alistipes sp015060015
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944323395
s__UBA2589 sp030430625
s__UBA1062 sp018433775
s__UBA6382 sp902773055
s__Novosphingobium sp030776465
s__UBA7888 sp030748415
s__Algorimicrobium myxarmorum
s__DAOWID01 sp030641115
s__JAAYIR01 sp937928475
s__Gallimonas sp947629675
s__JAGWBS01 sp021295775
s__UBA6054 sp003696675
s__MWDT01 sp023265535
s__EFPC-2 sp016880465
s__Stagnimonas sp021731445
s__HRBIN16 sp937132045
s__Z2-YC6860 sp945861855
s__UBA1784 sp002314455
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp009908385
s__JAHECQ01 sp024641625
s__F1-140-MAGs142 sp009691805
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902557935
s__Scatosoma sp017408045
s__JAHTBL01 sp020177595
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp944322895
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AA
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003209425
s__Pseudomonas_E sp028293835
s__Leifsonia sp030209575
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp900299255
s__Clostridium_AD psychrophilum
s__Alistipes sp015059865
s__JAKFYP01 sp021730835
s__WQXQ01 sp031279925
s__JAHFBP01 sp023249975
s__Leifsonia xyli_A
s__Palsa-89 sp020073265
s__Atopobacter sp003664595
s__Propionigenium maris
s__Agriterribacter sp019638595
s__JAFTFL01 sp017449525
s__PALSA-1396 sp003140275
s__SHLQ01 sp020629375
s__Onthomonas sp020859945
s__Glaciecola sp003203515
s__Ferrimonas sp030296015
s__JAUYJX01 sp030699245
s__Hymenobacter cavernae
s__Paremcibacter sp016764855
s__UBA9148 sp011523685
s__CALFBI01 sp937951675
s__JADLGJ01 sp020632555
s__Oceanicaulis sp028280165
s__Epilithonimonas sp003248755
s__Chryseobacterium sp004119445
s__Dethiosulfatibacter sp030591825
s__Entomomonas asaccharolytica
s__M3003 sp006226375
s__SURF-3 sp027353395
s__Neisseria testudinis
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp023435825
s__Nitrospira_D sp018242725
s__CAIVNC01 sp903907165
s__VRUE01 sp019456285
s__JAIRTL01 sp031254915
s__Demequina sp023442845
s__JAFGQG01 sp016935765
s__Onthocola_B sp947627895
s__JAGPHP01 sp018055415
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_K
s__CAG-269 sp947571515
s__JACQUW01 sp016210115
s__Enterousia sp947589625
s__Gp7-AA6 sp030854005
s__CAG-452 sp945610215
s__WQVM01 sp009783985
s__Rhodovibrio sodomensis
s__JAJUFW01 sp029263555
s__Onthomorpha sp937876865
s__Bog-366 sp031292775
s__DUMP01 sp030153805
s__Legionella norrlandica
s__Synechococcus_C sp900473965
s__JASEHX01 sp030018645
s__JARFQC01 sp029287965
s__Enterobacter sp918797525
s__UBA12270 sp003485185
s__JAJTBD01 sp021287075
s__JALSPZ01 sp026985675
s__Cryobacterium aureum
s__Novosphingobium sp020404405
s__Homoserinibacter gongjuensis
s__Gemmiger faecigallinarum
s__Dyella sp003332825
s__Marinithermus hydrothermalis
s__Thermovirga sp017656375
s__Marivivens sp030264275
s__WGA-3G sp009841255
s__Roseivirga sp029262895
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp937921755
s__SFEL01 sp017547885
s__GCF-000287355 sp000287355
s__UBA4636 sp017478765
s__Pusillimonas_E sp934525625
s__CAG-793 sp017510825
s__SP256 sp002722215
s__JALOOX01 sp025454175
s__Pseudoroseomonas coralli
s__JAKVBB01 sp022448215
s__B1SED10-225 sp003554735
s__Sphingomonas sp016107325
s__UBA8529 sp025361485
s__Microvenator marinus
s__JAHFDX01 sp023248735
s__SP4260 sp028822065
s__CAJXJP01 sp913055215
s__UBA2475 sp016787895
s__Rubrivivax sp903834645
s__G951813855 sp951813855
s__BP-197 sp025980325
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp016342345
s__Tistrella bauzanensis
s__Nitrospira_D sp012032965
s__Xanthobacter sp023442085
s__Sodaliphilus sp947166165
s__Alteracholeplasma sp937934685
s__Prevotella sp017444365
s__SM2101 sp018588585
s__Gallimonas sp947626105
s__CAJMSU01 sp017406955
s__RECO01 sp007694015
s__WGA-3G sp022819945
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium yellowstonense
s__JABIQT01 sp018667995
s__Marmoricola sp025964775
s__RF16 sp905235505
s__FW602-bin22 sp004297775
s__JACQHH01 sp016199125
s__CANQER01 sp947595415
s__MB2-83 sp018385275
s__Clostridium_AC tepidiprofundi
s__Rufibacter hautae
s__Zag111 sp015152555
s__UBA737 sp017439845
s__Streptacidiphilus rugosus
s__Weissella confusa_A
s__JAISDN01 sp031287975
s__CAG-269 sp934149155
s__RGIG5691 sp017515595
s__OLB19 sp020720815
s__Lancefieldella sp938041635
s__Sphingomonas citricola
s__Bog-756 sp003152015
s__C7867-002 sp001189105
s__Xenophilus sp017991995
s__GCA-003244245 sp025937115
s__Nitrosomonas eutropha_A
s__RUG806 sp947165755
s__Lamprobacter roseus
s__Alteromonas portus
s__UBA3792 sp946623765
s__JAIRZX01 sp031263525
s__CAKPXW01 sp934215405
s__G020354085 sp020354085
s__Agromyces kandeliae
s__2-12-FULL-64-23 sp017880745
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031257095
s__JAKVCE01 sp022447405
s__Bradyrhizobium sp030697065
s__Avidehalobacter sp021769035
s__HGM12619 sp017440085
s__Streptococcus oralis_CK
s__BOKV01 sp030428345
s__UBA1201 sp017550425
s__JALWLB01 sp027081145
s__Nanosynbacter sp938046775
s__Paracoccus luteus
s__Zoogloea sp028693495
s__JAIRLS01 sp031270985
s__JAABTL01 sp024636105
s__PEYH01 sp002774465
s__UBA710 sp947040465
s__WGA-3G sp028821605
s__Didemnitutus mandela
s__Roseococcus sp007129145
s__HXMU1428-3 sp021775775
s__UBA1259 sp015069505
s__JANQQJ01 sp028284945
s__Pedobacter sp002336465
s__Lutimonas sp030633285
s__Thiogranum sp030148805
s__Metamycoplasma spumans
s__CAG-793 sp944393465
s__Planktophila sp903844585
s__Pelagibacter sp902535155
s__JAILEN01 sp024681985
s__CABUVL01 sp031266455
s__RUG14156 sp947589525
s__SZUA-1433 sp027066435
s__Shewanella subflava
s__Kocuria sp030530945
s__JACQLQ01 sp016204005
s__Hyphomonas sp000961695
s__Angelobacter sp030150795
s__Nitrincola lacisaponensis
s__Kluyvera sp902363335
s__PFJX01 sp945897955
s__Thalassotalea_F sp022448425
s__CAG-245 sp944387395
s__JAAYNG01 sp012520935
s__Agromyces bauzanensis
s__Ferrovibrio sp002796975
s__Fen-1231 sp016874035
s__UBA952 sp947500875
s__Palsa-875 sp030948445
s__Acrocarpospora corrugata
s__UBA3077 sp002367255
s__Faecousia sp017630495
s__SHVU01 sp009691105
s__JAERTD01 sp016845175
s__Acetatifactor sp947589075
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_M
s__GCA-2699105 sp002699105
s__Streptomyces carminius
s__IMCC26134_A sp945888375
s__Neolewinella sp958295895
s__RUG11788 sp902772675
s__JAKSBL01 sp022361115
s__Rugosibacter sp011620215
s__NVQY01 sp030626365
s__Cryptobacteroides sp021443565
s__Pleomorphomonas koreensis
s__Tautonia sociabilis
s__Entomobacter blattae
s__Alistipes sp949288735
s__Adhaeribacter arboris
s__QAKD01 sp015058155
s__JABFXX01 sp028287115
s__Mobilitalea sp004294845
s__RGIG3641 sp017458675
s__RBG-16-66-30 sp022711665
s__14-2 sp949738465
s__UBA1424 sp012522695
s__Arthrobacter sp005937985
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024168645
s__Sphingobium sp001829085
s__Flavobacterium sp002382495
s__Oceaniglobus roseus
s__Luteolibacter sp030696085
s__Treponema_D sp945915085
s__UBA1668 sp002716385
s__Hominicoprocola sp937915075
s__JAABRT01 sp011390935
s__PALSA-968 sp903970545
s__Pelagibacter ubique_A
s__Gellertiella hungarica
s__Campylobacter_D sp004378855
s__Prosthecobacter sp937872615
s__Pelagibacter sp902635335
s__UBA5619 sp021372695
s__Gallimonas sp947630245
s__Bacillus_BD sp946478885
s__Collinsella sp902475445
s__SYFI01 sp947475125
s__Cognatiyoonia koreensis
s__Celeribacter sp938008015
s__Mesobacillus sp017912555
s__Limivicinus sp947626785
s__UBA3830 sp944390765
s__CAADGV01 sp900696645
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003213855
s__Shimia aestuarii
s__Mesonia sp003233725
s__Algoriphagus litoralis
s__Sulfurimonas sp027063745
s__Lepagella sp947626355
s__CAKKSB01 sp919903055
s__Rubrobacter_C taiwanensis
s__JABZFP01 sp913060875
s__Bifidobacterium goeldii
s__JAIRLC01 sp031279475
s__Rubripirellula sp024644085
s__Phocaeicola oris
s__Rhodoblastus sp030056575
s__Chryseobacterium schmidteae
s__UBA1924 sp029212425
s__JACMOA01 sp014378225
s__Rathayibacter sp013204985
s__Chersky-822 sp021324595
s__Alishewanella jeotgali
s__JANJTM01 sp024711125
s__JACPEV01 sp016183325
s__UBA10118 sp003524845
s__JACMJS01 sp014380515
s__Bradyrhizobium sp004799405
s__Xanthobacter autotrophicus_A
s__S145-25 sp030596305
s__Dyella amyloliquefaciens
s__Streptomyces phyllanthi
s__UBA1240 sp024402455
s__Urechidicola sp002733665
s__ISDg sp017441265
s__JAHELQ01 sp024644125
s__Mariprofundus sp021772845
s__Ventricola sp934636105
s__RF16 sp902800525
s__NZWG01 sp937893835
s__JAQURL01 sp028715625
s__Modestobacter sp026967985
s__Galligastranaerophilus_A sp905234865
s__Neolewinella aquimaris
s__Halothece sp003021905
s__Firm-04 sp946537515
s__AG-337-I02 sp902597015
s__Cellulomonas_A sp003115775
s__CAJXVY01 sp913060985
s__B1SED10-16 sp003551985
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902774325
s__Sulfurovum sp027071315
s__Tidjanibacter sp017547065
s__JASGCS01 sp030054035
s__Egerieisoma sp017622825
s__Draconibacterium sp024278975
s__MEYI01 sp024654415
s__JACKJK01 sp020441995
s__DTU064 sp021199825
s__UBA3054 sp017539325
s__CAJLIR01 sp947632295
s__JAGQUY01 sp020438245
s__F1-60-MAGs163 sp945889475
s__Collinsella sp937997605
s__Bifidobacterium sp947088155
s__Xenolissoclinum pacificiensis
s__CADEER01 sp902826395
s__JAAZFF01 sp012511845
s__Bulleidia sp017514645
s__JAIRLF01 sp031275145
s__SXYR01 sp016868855
s__CAG-1252 sp017455385
s__TMED112 sp004321845
s__Ruminococcus sp012718885
s__Streptomyces venezuelae_D
s__Bradyrhizobium iriomotense
s__Pedobacter terrae
s__HGM12713 sp015064085
s__Fructilactobacillus hinvesii
s__UBA3282 sp947175285
s__TMP-7 sp018268715
s__Limnobacter sp012032215
s__Aquirufa sp903960725
s__Chersky-534 sp025463865
s__Tsuneonella litorea
s__Mastigocoleus testarum
s__SURF-36 sp003599345
s__Selenomonas_A ruminantium_C
s__Sedimentibacter sp012519555
s__ER46 sp937902925
s__Leifsonia shinshuensis_A
s__Lichenicola sp024515975
s__SHZH01 sp009692385
s__Euryhalocaulis sp913055605
s__Paludisphaera sp937907525
s__RFSX01 sp020630775
s__JAFGCT01 sp030618315
s__UBA1543 sp003233235
s__Bog-1198 sp030775865
s__JAGOOR01 sp937924685
s__Luteimonas_D sp029959605
s__Desulfatifera sulfidica
s__GCA-2747355 sp002747355
s__Ulvibacter sp913063405
s__Marmoricola mangrovicus
s__Lutimonas sp024229195
s__HOT-345 sp030528665
s__WRHT01 sp030267065
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947463845
s__JAISGQ01 sp031262985
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp007692535
s__Odoribacter sp905216195
s__WQTY01 sp009786045
s__RGIG6375 sp029008095
s__Sulfidibacterium sp913055825
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016788205
s__UMGS1002 sp934401725
s__Paenibacillus sp020404765
s__Brachybacterium sp023509525
s__Alteribacter natronophilus
s__Palsa-948 sp016195025
s__CSSED10-109M sp003559495
s__UBA8231 sp022827165
s__JACKEC01 sp020633195
s__RUG841 sp017406505
s__PNOJ01 sp020718045
s__Magnetospirillum sp014379805
s__Fen-1039 sp017881885
s__CALWKP01 sp944380775
s__Rugosimonospora sp005885555
s__Demequina sp030418455
s__Reyranella sp009377525
s__UBA2258 sp002347155
s__Aphodovivens avistercoris
s__Alloprevotella sp017476545
s__JANXBS01 sp025060615
s__Acinetobacter haemolyticus_A
s__CAJOIG01 sp947625845
s__Aquella sp020726205
s__Neoroseomonas bogorensis_B
s__JAIOQZ01 sp021108395
s__Pseudomonas_E syringae_A
s__SHZS01 sp009692105
s__Erythrobacter sp009363635
s__Onthocola_B sp944372215
s__Allorhizobium sp001296045
s__G020348185 sp020348185
s__UBA12158 sp002402535
s__UMGS1491 sp934725425
s__UBA2463 sp018402635
s__Eubacterium_F sp934338065
s__UBA3077 sp026982275
s__JADGRB01 sp937889515
s__Bordetella_A petrii_E
s__UBA9611 sp002816585
s__Desulforhopalus sp002733995
s__Thiomonas sp021286835
s__JALYOU01 sp030856725
s__Gemmatimonas sp027484025
s__Spirosoma foliorum
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903915155
s__Flavobacterium soyae
s__JACRCG01 sp009684515
s__GCA-2710765 sp002690595
s__Bog-473 sp003160635
s__UBA11096 sp938048815
s__RUG11788 sp947632345
s__SIG37 sp946647055
s__Sphingomonas taxi_B
s__ECT2AJA-044 sp017798125
s__JAEZLB01 sp023422955
s__Brevundimonas sp016183935
s__Borreliella chilensis
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp025356085
s__Ga0077523 sp022843925
s__UBA1738 sp017553025
s__CALVGN01 sp937900565
s__JACQXZ01 sp016208465
s__Ideonella sp946479475
s__Porcincola sp902767335
s__JACRGP01 sp016207065
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882245
s__Akkermansia sp002358905
s__UBA4124 sp017991515
s__GCA-2726245 sp014381825
s__CAIKAF01 sp016866335
s__UBA5619 sp028712015
s__RI-182 sp030728235
s__CANHBY01 sp947458895
s__Avacidaminococcus intestinavium
s__UBA1422 sp002304835
s__JACKEH01 sp020633125
s__JAFDER01 sp019310245
s__JABWCE01 sp947499775
s__CAG-273 sp947628735
s__JALYZC01 sp030945905
s__JADZDJ01 sp020851115
s__AAA536-G10 sp003282435
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_V
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902523185
s__Arsenicicoccus dermatophilus
s__Rhodanobacter lindaniclasticus
s__Microbacterium rhizomatis
s__Palsa-465 sp017882405
s__JACCZX01 sp013696665
s__Ectorhizobium sp020161665
s__Aliivibrio sifiae_A
s__Alkalibacterium sp020832185
s__Limnobacter sp902506325
s__SIAN01 sp009691715
s__Sediminibacterium sp023256555
s__Pseudolabrys sp018242205
s__JACQRE01 sp016206585
s__MGBC108787 sp948472605
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp019748215
s__UBA4124 sp028286485
s__HTCC2207 sp943788895
s__JALUUL01 sp027021385
s__Glaciecola sp002338515
s__GSA-30 sp027924605
s__UBA3855 sp017528675
s__D2472 sp902515455
s__JACRFM01 sp016234305
s__TMPK1 sp028291365
s__DAOWOF01 sp030642205
s__JASEHD01 sp030019075
s__Pedobacter sp002432345
s__Chryseobacterium caseinilyticum
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp937879855
s__Fervidibacter sp938074425
s__UBA2834 sp947305655
s__JAPLJU01 sp026388445
s__Merdibacter sp949296305
s__Faecousia sp016282135
s__Roseinatronobacter sp020832585
s__Actinotalea sp020444245
s__Pelagibius sp028289705
s__Faecousia sp017521485
s__UBA6857 sp030525185
s__GCA-002718515 sp018656645
s__Nitrospira_C sp025935475
s__JAITMY01 sp031255195
s__SIG704 sp015063605
s__JAIRNR01 sp031257915
s__UBA5123 sp030145325
s__JABMPR01 sp021734325
s__Scatosoma sp017463105
s__Sulfurimonas sp023228785
s__Larkinella insperata
s__TK10-74A sp003228175
s__Pusillimonas_B ginsengisoli_A
s__UBA10438 sp030830285
s__B119-G9 sp026992215
s__JAJZCK01 sp027365385
s__Chloroploca asiatica
s__JAAZFB01 sp012511915
s__UBA953 sp005798925
s__Ottowia testudinis
s__CALVUP01 sp947627405
s__Ferruginibacter lapsinanis
s__PALSA-610 sp003134555
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023101085
s__GCA-002733465 sp002733465
s__JALYMT01 sp030773555
s__JACRIP01 sp016220045
s__Wolbachia sp028571325
s__UBA2126 sp002256485
s__TCS61 sp018400535
s__UBA3206 sp024698125
s__Marinomonas sp012726345
s__Microbulbifer hainanensis
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp021732485
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AR
s__MWEI01 sp025454155
s__DSNW01 sp016789245
s__QZKS01 sp003599865
s__Nitrosacidococcus sp945836005
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens_AD
s__Trichocoleus desertorum_B
s__Faeciplasma sp947623585
s__Rossellomorea aquimaris_F
s__JAACVK01 sp009991595
s__Rhodoferax sp903905735
s__Methyloversatilis universalis_A
s__Scatenecus sp949299435
s__Petralouisia sp948472595
s__UBA10566 sp031262295
s__UBA3465 sp002717505
s__JAFGXQ01 sp016937015
s__Euzebyella sp014349235
s__UBA2212 sp903847945
s__JAUXBK01 sp030590525
s__JAKFYE01 sp021731045
s__Naasia sp017916505
s__Aliidiomarina quisquiliarum
s__GWC2-37-13 sp000990565
s__JAISFQ01 sp031263495
s__FEN-1297 sp021793635
s__JADJCP01 sp016703155
s__CAG-793 sp947628825
s__CAG-177 sp024404025
s__JALEFZ01 sp022760475
s__JAAURZ01 sp012031955
s__Moheibacter sp019455045
s__RGIG3438 sp017450885
s__SM1919 sp010993985
s__Aureimonas fodinaquatilis
s__RDXT01 sp004292985
s__Demequina activiva
s__4484-276 sp029934065
s__RGIG4074 sp017462425
s__Alistipes sp020026375
s__JAJFKF01 sp021773365
s__Lutispora saccharofermentans
s__NK3A76 sp017544125
s__CALXCT01 sp944386865
s__CANRLS01 sp947631545
s__Sodaliphilus sp024400895
s__Lentimicrobium sp002441345
s__RPQJ01 sp018059685
s__Methylobacillus gramineus
s__Stercorousia sp944326655
s__Rubrivivax sp021297985
s__Gallimonas sp947581885
s__Luteibacter pinisoli
s__Amycolatopsis acididurans
s__Ignavibacterium sp023511695
s__UBA3789 sp946629545
s__UBA4372 sp902803195
s__Vreelandella sp031010195
s__SAR86A sp002721385
s__JACRGO01 sp029261755
s__Ga0077555 sp022844225
s__UBA10806 sp001775395
s__JAITNP01 sp031288975
s__Solitalea longa
s__Palsa-1400 sp003140095
s__Proteiniphilum sp016649795
s__Spiractinospora alimapuensis
s__JAPKEQ01 sp028821995
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031284015
s__JACZXM01 sp022571615
s__Exiguobacterium_A sp003339585
s__JAIYDQ01 sp027487375
s__JAIMBT01 sp023511295
s__GCA-2697505 sp002728175
s__JABDJZ01 sp029262855
s__CAJQIN01 sp905478465
s__Achromobacter sp014170335
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216615
s__Psychrobium sp022347785
s__JAAXHV01 sp958295485
s__Bin75 sp022824735
s__JAJFLM01 sp021772655
s__GCA-2707185 sp002707185
s__Mediannikoviicoccus sp943912255
s__Clostridium_B ljungdahlii_A
s__Cryptobacteroides merdavium
s__Thiolapillus sp024277555
s__Casp-actino8 sp945889715
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020437805
s__JADGRB01 sp017881315
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947302975
s__MED-G14 sp902609185
s__CAIYXV01 sp903930225
s__CAIMUM01 sp026389675
s__Shewanella sp027571385
s__Pelethenecus sp947174685
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949293595
s__CALJRW01 sp937976335
s__Acidaminococcus sp902796945
s__UBA7359 sp021773215
s__Azonexus sp018262245
s__CAJCBL01 sp023443985
s__JAGIBJ01 sp023404805
s__Balneola sp913058495
s__Mediterraneibacter quadrami
s__JARYMM01 sp014383605
s__Hydromicrobium sp028717265
s__Terrimonas_A sp017998385
s__Ferruginibacter sp024642285
s__JAJPHW01 sp021325035
s__PALSA-350 sp021799945
s__Streptococcus suis_Z
s__DTU049 sp030017935
s__JABURT01 sp029883105
s__Ideonella sp018780145
s__UBA11663 sp938085425
s__RBG-13-43-22 sp016219225
s__JAIRLK01 sp031288005
s__UBA3537 sp902516685
s__Halomonas sp015595025
s__Pseudothermotoga_B sp029551145
s__Coproplasma sp944341315
s__Lepagella sp014802265
s__Faecousia sp946056135
s__Pleomorphomonas sp029976075
s__Ferruginibacter sp029561305
s__CAG-267 sp944391405
s__Roseburia sp014804775
s__Porticoccus sp002733125
s__Merdimorpha sp938023515
s__Streptomyces viridochromogenes_B
s__Butyrivibrio sp947169445
s__Neptunochlamydia sp020440285
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio tunisiensis
s__WMHbin7 sp015232335
s__MSPOR6 sp003635185
s__CAKUOV01 sp934631995
s__Flavobacterium sp029959295
s__Salifodinibacter sp002403445
s__Draconibacterium halophilum
s__RH2-MAG17b sp902812415
s__JAFIEN01 sp020832515
s__JAAFHG01 sp013297585
s__Roseburia sp029006795
s__Synechococcus_C sp000153825
s__JAEWLZ01 sp023457295
s__UBA9973 sp027327845
s__JAQBWJ01 sp027625215
s__Poriferisocius sp028820035
s__Pristimantibacillus pinisoli
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp029098065
s__Oligoflexus sp030151925
s__Chryseobacterium sp913778275
s__CAJXWO01 sp913062865
s__JAFGEZ01 sp016931295
s__Acutalibacter sp022801475
s__UBA9676 sp003541285
s__JAJPXW01 sp021205255
s__Novosphingobium sp022832375
s__Albitalea terrae
s__4572-112 sp027064095
s__JAGUXU01 sp030695925
s__CSSED11-181 sp003563895
s__JAIXWP01 sp027491215
s__Phascolarctobacterium_A sp016302525
s__0-14-0-10-38-17 sp002774085
s__Thiosymbion sp022340195
s__CAJXUU01 sp938003955
s__GCA-2691245 sp902540805
s__JAABYT01 sp009937425
s__JAEZZG01 sp023442485
s__JANQEN01 sp028278335
s__UBA1248 sp002308615
s__CADEHE01 sp902826775
s__JAOPYK01 sp025964695
s__WGBX01 sp024763015
s__Anoxynatronum sp011390155
s__Tepidibacter_A sp029542625
s__Caproicibacter sp023412845
s__MFHE01 sp001778495
s__JAFSEX01 sp947629195
s__Paludibacter sp030706465
s__GCA-2747955 sp027024305
s__Corynebacterium suranareeae
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902587515
s__JACDOJ01 sp017656135
s__Homoserinibacter sp023428065
s__Alloprevotella sp017933995
s__2-02-FULL-56-15 sp001801825
s__Cryobacterium sp002929535
s__Nocardioides silvaticus
s__JACQFT01 sp016199925
s__CAG-269 sp017533795
s__Methyloversatilis sp024580145
s__Plantactinospora sp003762835
s__Marisediminicola sp014377425
s__JAEUJZ01 sp937952145
s__Acidoferrum sp003161195
s__RGIG5495 sp023663205
s__WOFB19 sp018622495
s__Nocardia concava
s__Gramella lutea
s__Spiribacter sp009676705
s__Anaerotardibacter sp937998355
s__Prevotella sp946186115
s__Streptomyces zinciresistens
s__UBA2031 sp030646295
s__BM520 sp002869405
s__Mycobacterium sp029979305
s__Nitronauta sp029261615
s__Billgrantia endophytica
s__UBA3282 sp002490835
s__Paramesorhizobium leguminum
s__UBA1740 sp017411605
s__JJ008 sp016786885
s__Castellaniella sp004321985
s__JAUUSJ01 sp030841965
s__JADFCQ01 sp015223225
s__M3007 sp016787545
s__Tidjanibacter sp017631375
s__Geothrix sp020622065
s__GWC2-37-13 sp001789855
s__UBA1067 sp902761275
s__D2472 sp902513515
s__Vescimonas sp015067525
s__UBA6857 sp902774035
s__UMGS1958 sp030536655
s__Parabacteroides sp944326775
s__Taishania sp023957475
s__Pristimantibacillus sp025567625
s__Microsaccharimonas sp002381485
s__DYHD01 sp026416735
s__JADZBT01 sp020851915
s__JADJRG01 sp020431135
s__Burkholderia sp017104785
s__Sediminibacillus halophilus
s__Enterousia sp947303165
s__Flavilitoribacter sp020436695
s__GCA-002733185 sp913052585
s__JAHJBW01 sp018813405
s__SZUA-265 sp025937895
s__Peptidiphaga sp938020505
s__Fimimonas sp022508325
s__Palauibacter poriticola
s__JACQEE01 sp016200725
s__Solirhodobacter olei
s__Citrobacter_A amalonaticus_G
s__Altibacter sp002813135
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398105
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902569785
s__UBA4372 sp017617335
s__Ga0077536 sp020851775
s__Eubacterium_Q sp024692605
s__JAAYJS01 sp012522805
s__JAJRYB01 sp024275995
s__Methylococcus geothermalis
s__UBA4372 sp902791295
s__Zwartia sp903903735
s__Malaciobacter sp004116725
s__RGIG8002 sp017438525
s__Corynebacterium sp030532195
s__Epilithonimonas hispanica
s__UBA1449 sp002335355
s__Pelagibacter sp902604035
s__Falsirhodobacter sp028307215
s__GCA-016432525 sp016432525
s__Udaeobacter sp005887825
s__SXIZ01 sp026398935
s__UBA9296 sp021108295
s__Phytohabitans sp026130045
s__Bombilactobacillus folatiphilus
s__Henriciella sp013213825
s__Anaerophaga thermohalophila_A
s__GCA-002733185 sp913061205
s__CALSSN01 sp943789025
s__Fulvivirga ulvae
s__ER46 sp016793535
s__UBA11358 sp003133815
s__G020352555 sp020352555
s__Thermomonas sp019104945
s__CAIMFV01 sp903858685
s__CALDCK01 sp937937315
s__Streptomyces sp003369795
s__JAAZLM01 sp938014915
s__Theseobacter exili
s__Sphingomonas_H oleivorans
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902543665
s__Staphylococcus canis
s__Saccharicrinis sp024635555
s__C7867-001 sp028286945
s__Phytoactinopolyspora alkaliphila
s__JAMOPH01 sp027064665
s__GCA-001730085 sp001730085
s__JAKASW01 sp023480735
s__Mesorhizobium sp006442315
s__Pseudoduganella sp900113115
s__Thermopetrobacter sp024279095
s__JAJDCC01 sp029261015
s__Paracoccus lichenicola
s__Prosthecobacter debontii_A
s__Aureimonas flava
s__RBG-13-46-10 sp001824645
s__UBA9145 sp938091935
s__UBA4881 sp018435125
s__Cohnella panacarvi
s__Desulfomicrobium orale
s__Pelagibacter sp902572775
s__UBA1179 sp024398555
s__JACXUG01 sp027083665
s__Amycolatopsis rifamycinica
s__Roseococcus rubraurantiacus
s__OLB19 sp903839715
s__UBA3824 sp937877455
s__UBA3857 sp017619735
s__CAKMZU01 sp902705865
s__Ga0077527 sp945885345
s__Coproplasma sp947629095
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031287855
s__Hassallia radiosum_A
s__UBA4372 sp016280855
s__Polycladomyces subterraneus
s__Porphyromonas_A sp947253625
s__Rubrimonas sp007693835
s__JANLFV01 sp028275195
s__Kytococcus aerolatus
s__Ruminiclostridium_D cellulosi
s__Ferruginibacter sp947468255
s__RF16 sp934716995
s__Lactococcus sp004210295
s__HGM13634 sp947594065
s__CAJXKW01 sp913055855
s__CAUJEF01 sp963169515
s__Arthrobacter globiformis_D
s__SYFT01 sp030827135
s__BNVG01 sp025997955
s__JAAYLN01 sp012521875
s__Azospirillum sp023416455
s__JAPLIX01 sp026388865
s__Blastococcus colisei
s__Tenebribacter sp030596265
s__Bog-1198 sp021779875
s__Ch27 sp019873685
s__Hymenobacter swuensis
s__RGIG4822 sp947629125
s__Marinomonas pollencensis
s__CAJBVW01 sp030685065
s__UBA3305 sp029007785
s__Ureaplasma zalophigenitalium
s__Algoriphagus chordae
s__UBA685 sp011526395
s__Tyloplasma sp013214765
s__Terrimicrobium sp003054655
s__Paraburkholderia sp000472545
s__RUG14156 sp944325185
s__JALVIB01 sp027028725
s__VFKH01 sp903839985
s__Solibacter sp026394025
s__HGM13006 sp949289625
s__Azovibrio sp031288305
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp949286885
s__JACROF01 sp030917445
s__CSP1-3 sp001443485
s__JAIMBK01 sp020725585
s__Tepidicella sp030603635
s__Porphyromonas sp029983495
s__UTCHB3 sp016714125
s__Anaerobiospirillum sp949286015
s__Desulfomarina sp030599175
s__CF-167 sp005879775
s__Ottowia sp023442945
s__BP-133 sp030838785
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp021767625
s__Polynucleobacter sp947462685
s__Mycobacterium sp001673535
s__Nanosyncoccus sp013333375
s__UBA4372 sp905236985
s__JAGYII01 sp018402725
s__UBA2199 sp002436105
s__Bittarella massiliensis_A
s__UBA6544 sp002724555
s__MB11C04 sp902580225
s__Vitreimonas sp937967725
s__UBA2316 sp016785955
s__Sphingopyxis indica
s__62-47 sp017305555
s__PGXB01 sp002838945
s__Streptomyces sp011421595
s__Paenibacillus zanthoxyli
s__Saccharimonas sp905365145
s__WRAV01 sp009776345
s__Phormidium_B sp015207735
s__Bifidobacterium italicum
s__CAKKRP01 sp029857925
s__Dysosmobacter sp945867445
s__Actinomarina sp943840565
s__PSRF01 sp030913905
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016287075
s__SUG1684 sp029227635
s__Streptomyces lavendofoliae
s__UBA6107 sp003524305
s__SXWH01 sp005791535
s__Planktophila vernalis
s__Alloprevotella sp945871755
s__CAMFBH01 sp945948515
s__UBA1268 sp011523305
s__Amycolatopsis sp016889705
s__JADJNW01 sp937872385
s__RI-92 sp016125505
s__JABGQW01 sp021734785
s__Salegentibacter sp000745315
s__CAZU01 sp015062235
s__Eubacterium_R sp020860025
s__Agromyces ramosus_A
s__UBA1711 sp946540365
s__Palsa-744 sp025963965
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp947449015
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BJ
s__Acetatifactor sp017513625
s__CAIMOR01 sp947373495
s__PNKL01 sp016218305
s__PNOJ01 sp030658975
s__Mycobacterium rhodesiae_B
s__Glycomyces buryatensis
s__CSBR16-88 sp007116145
s__RUG472 sp902761365
s__JAKLEX01 sp937858275
s__Casp-actino5 sp009923855
s__DRLC01 sp011053145
s__JAFUYI01 sp017546885
s__JAHDGB01 sp937959395
s__GCA-2730555 sp029936485
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp903882805
s__JAFDKH01 sp019307065
s__Edaphobacter flagellatus
s__JACZQZ01 sp022545455
s__UMGS1883 sp017411435
s__Pelagibacter sp902514745
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp009792315
s__Arachnia sp003932855
s__Aquabacterium_A terrae
s__T78 sp012729755
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp946222675
s__JAPLDP01 sp026391695
s__Collinsella sp020025115
s__Caproicibacter sp023460155
s__Polynucleobacter sp903930665
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902571795
s__Halioglobus sp003646415
s__Photobacterium angustum_A
s__JAQBRH01 sp028286565
s__Silvimonas sp030151005
s__Celerinatantimonas neptuna
s__Robiginitomaculum antarcticum
s__Spirillospora montaniterrae
s__RGIG3102 sp017473015
s__UBA1796 sp002319795
s__Jeotgalicoccus halotolerans
s__RUG592 sp902767285
s__CAMKAB01 sp946414625
s__CAG-103 sp946405655
s__Blastococcus xanthinilyticus
s__CAG-488 sp017625835
s__M55B144 sp021163015
s__JANLHP01 sp024654445
s__ELB16-189 sp021298015
s__OLB17 sp025929655
s__Azonexus sp009782025
s__DRHN01 sp011049595
s__Siculibacillus sp937919435
s__Desulfocapsa sp030638765
s__UMGS1052 sp015064485
s__CATQHL01 sp958295925
s__JADJSS01 sp938008535
s__BICA1-8 sp000961765
s__UBA952 sp030830205
s__JAAZFB01 sp023228885
s__Competibacter_A sp003527885
s__WHSW01 sp009379895
s__UMGS995 sp934130175
s__CAKZLL01 sp937127195
s__Qipengyuania vulgaris
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021792755
s__Methylocystis heyeri
s__Nocardia shimofusensis
s__GCA-2747515 sp029938745
s__Collinsella sp905214945
s__Puia sp013286315
s__Sphingobium nicotianae
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902590625
s__Borkfalkia sp949283775
s__1-14-0-20-39-49 sp002787635
s__Brevundimonas sp019443405
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp023301665
s__JAPLMV01 sp026386835
s__Thiorhodococcus minor
s__Bartonella sp028618575
s__JABFSC01 sp945865755
s__Novosphingobium mangrovi_A
s__UBA3282 sp946554445
s__Mesorhizobium sp016756495
s__Occallatibacter sp021781255
s__Mycosynbacter amalyticus
s__PCC-6304 sp000317105
s__JAADDZ01 sp027049315
s__MED-G82 sp902623535
s__UBA11579 sp003486225
s__Mariniplasma sp002838185
s__JAUIIO01 sp030431715
s__UBA6065 sp016215405
s__RBG-13-52-11 sp001797745
s__Cardinium sp003351905
s__Cellvibrio sp002483145
s__HGM13862 sp012515255
s__UBA8904 sp002382045
s__Coprovivens sp947631475
s__Azonexus sp016709965
s__Monashia sp023451855
s__Formosa sp030427735
s__Paenibacillus_A macerans_A
s__Flexithrix dorotheae
s__JALZVN01 sp937923345
s__HLUCCA09 sp003390865
s__OLB19 sp020631995
s__UBA1259 sp959605945
s__Clostridium sp934746785
s__Scatosoma sp015055785
s__JABDFU01 sp020849195
s__JAFDYH01 sp025963615
s__JACQCF01 sp016201795
s__SHZI01 sp937958785
s__UBA5489 sp017408305
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp016868105
s__Glycomyces terrestris
s__Falsiruegeria litorea
s__RGIG3994 sp017502915
s__JAJFFE01 sp020425835
s__CAG-115 sp022508965
s__JAQWNP01 sp029268515
s__UBA4735 sp030948585
s__DTNP01 sp027451525
s__Polaribacter sp021991835
s__PLanc-01 sp937927975
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902626525
s__Marivita sp022763305
s__UBA8087 sp902521645
s__GCA-2725625 sp002725625
s__UBA668 sp903919215
s__MVZN01 sp018263175
s__Caccoplasma sp021199145
s__UBA737 sp017938445
s__Pelagibacter sp902514605
s__AC2028 sp016291475
s__Pirellula_B sp027487485
s__JACKEH01 sp019637115
s__SBBH01 sp005239795
s__ZC4RG20 sp016927175
s__Marinobacter sp003030785
s__CANJXG01 sp947478905
s__UBA2466 sp005776395
s__Bacillus_A pseudomycoides_C
s__JALSKU01 sp026988685
s__UBA6794 sp018054125
s__MEDG-81 sp902629465
s__RUG521 sp946619805
s__JAMDCX01 sp021809365
s__Marinobacter sp030227115
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021812245
s__PHET01 sp002841275
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp003223595
s__Spiroplasma chrysopicola
s__AV80 sp003244145
s__Ga0077530 sp023412805
s__RGIG8482 sp947628335
s__Gemmiger sp947629015
s__AG-414-E02 sp902589505
s__Modestobacter marinus_A
s__Helicobacter_D sp937893305
s__Faecousia sp934565415
s__Nonomuraea soli
s__Sphingomonas canadensis
s__Enteromonas sp945936135
s__Ancylomarina subtilis
s__S016-38 sp027062035
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023431385
s__Arthrobacter sp030817835
s__Capillibacterium sp012837715
s__Eubacterium_Q sp946633495
s__Methylohalobius sp026985035
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni_B
s__Sphingopyxis sp023387085
s__JALGVQ01 sp025774615
s__Sutterella sp947253615
s__Prevotella sp900557255
s__JAIRKW01 sp031258205
s__JADJMO01 sp016794445
s__JAABTA01 sp011390075
s__Rhodobaculum sp003558415
s__JABDQA01 sp022340565
s__Desulforapulum sp030145245
s__Propionicimonas sp027492575
s__Prevotella sp017551005
s__Brevundimonas sp004210735
s__Streptomyces sp010548245
s__Pristimantibacillus protaetiae
s__Thiovulum_B karukerense
s__JAISIB01 sp031262265
s__JACQVE01 sp016209965
s__Sphingomonas sp021154945
s__DUQX01 sp012837615
s__DUMW01 sp012839765
s__Pelagibacter sp902578175
s__RGIG6307 sp021203305
s__SYFN01 sp010024875
s__UBA4372 sp002317475
s__Solibacter sp025361425
s__CAIZWU01 sp028293125
s__Pedobacter africanus
s__GWA2-49-15 sp016187935
s__WRMQ01 sp031256825
s__SIG200 sp947588895
s__Rifleibacterium sp029564115
s__Clostridium sp017383505
s__Pseudonocardia sp025465255
s__Sediminibacterium sp947461015
s__JAHEFT01 sp024640025
s__Onthocola_B sp946553095
s__JAGNIJ01 sp018823105
s__CAG-170 sp937907715
s__JAAFKA01 sp947457925
s__RGIG5579 sp017414535
s__Halomonas sp014859505
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AU
s__UBA3789 sp946623125
s__Mycobacterium sp031292695
s__SAR86A sp902630885
s__JADFRL01 sp022561335
s__Caryophanon latum
s__JADGCD01 sp015229165
s__Winogradskyella wandonensis
s__CF-162 sp029262695
s__VGMD01 sp016866545
s__NC2004 sp024685635
s__JAGRAA01 sp020435185
s__JACZXQ01 sp022561145
s__Luteimonas_D aestuarii
s__Actinomarina sp028344675
s__Saccharimonas sp938017675
s__Coproplasma sp014804995
s__JABLWY01 sp013178255
s__Phenylobacterium sp022402485
s__Pseudanabaena sp014696345
s__CSP1-4 sp001443375
s__RAAP-2 sp025352305
s__Pseudothermotoga_B profunda
s__17J80-11 sp010975005
s__Prevotella sp016286575
s__Coproplasma sp021203845
s__CADCWF01 sp902806345
s__STD1-80 sp030648255
s__RUG14179 sp902796545
s__Hymenobacter daecheongensis
s__Paenibacillus_E marchantiophytorum
s__ELB16-189 sp016787645
s__JAGVCI01 sp020059985
s__Flavobacterium ajazii
s__UBA6985 sp016283935
s__Enterenecus sp019421525
s__Occallatibacter sp003167305
s__SFTH01 sp004554085
s__JAJRQE01 sp030600745
s__Ga0074130 sp028869135
s__Scalindua sp021777035
s__RGIG426 sp017481085
s__Vecturithrix granuli
s__Litchfieldia salsa
s__Limivicinus sp946410505
s__JAITHE01 sp031280125
s__Salinicoccus sediminis
s__Sulfurimonas baltica
s__SHYA01 sp009693055
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017551425
s__WGA-3G sp003635195
s__Telluria sp002007115
s__UBA9145 sp028281635
s__GWA1-54-10 sp028286785
s__CAIYPG01 sp947479645
s__YE71 sp947169885
s__Seonamhaeicola aphaedonensis
s__Fluviibacter sp023253415
s__Phocaeicola sp017503235
s__Methylohalobius sp027024125
s__Palsa-744 sp009781575
s__Nocardia vinacea
s__ER46 sp030693515
s__JAUWBF01 sp030601755
s__UBA10511 sp945860955
s__JAAUTE01 sp012031815
s__JARYLX01 sp029907415
s__Pleomorphomonas sp023721755
s__JAIRKH01 sp031257675
s__Marinobacter pelagius_A
s__WPAF01 sp009772965
s__WTFY01 sp022824965
s__Eubacterium_F sp017938215
s__Psychrobacillus sp029955155
s__SXHS01 sp005773145
s__JAACEH01 sp011682595
s__Elioraea tepidiphila
s__UBA2206 sp022709735
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947364965
s__RAAP-2 sp903970515
s__JACDAU01 sp013695265
s__Gallaecimonas kandeliae
s__Tsuneonella deserti
s__Anaerovibrio sp000622005
s__SKVJ01 sp030602785
s__Limenecus sp944324245
s__Chryseobacterium defluvii
s__SIG685 sp015063985
s__CAMQVM01 sp947038135
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214235
s__Rhodoferax_C sp021737865
s__SP197 sp943787175
s__Microcoleus sp021648855
s__Paramuribaculum sp017620715
s__Nitromaritima sp023271875
s__Vogesella alkaliphila
s__UBA11358 sp903850425
s__RUG14130 sp017412445
s__CAG-307 sp945921565
s__Pelagibacter sp902634695
s__Paracoccus sulfuroxidans
s__JANWHV01 sp025924845
s__JAPLKX01 sp026387845
s__Mycobacterium sp020439025
s__ELB16-189 sp018267195
s__Firm-04 sp017518255
s__JAITLB01 sp031278175
s__UBA5026 sp948433085
s__CAMCTV01 sp937974555
s__JAUZOY01 sp030706235
s__JAGMZX01 sp018005585
s__JAQUNQ01 sp028717505
s__JALYHQ01 sp030776455
s__SIG200 sp947588795
s__UBA7800 sp020974905
s__UBA737 sp017516965
s__Mycobacterium sp022317005
s__JAIQGF01 sp020073285
s__B1SED10-225 sp003555335
s__UBA636 sp017550145
s__Rubrivivax sp028871575
s__GCA-2720195 sp913041865
s__JACKFC01 sp020632665
s__AAA536-G10 sp902517275
s__Pseudotabrizicola alkalilacus
s__WQXN01 sp031254335
s__Limnohabitans_A sp002778275
s__Pauljensenia sp916438945
s__JACCTI01 sp013820755
s__Brevundimonas sp027912515
s__JABDIY01 sp013003535
s__Luteolibacter muciniphilus_C
s__Scatovivens sp017625465
s__Nocardioides piscis
s__Termititenax persephonae
s__Granulicatella balaenopterae
s__Amorphus orientalis
s__Blochmannia sp000973545
s__Edaphobacter lichenicola
s__Ancylobacter sp026625645
s__SCMT01 sp023392975
s__JACRNX01 sp016214755
s__JAQVPN01 sp028702055
s__4572-128 sp029938235
s__JAHDDW01 sp938028175
s__JAFGRJ01 sp016935235
s__CAIYRG01 sp903928515
s__Lysobacter_D ruishenii
s__Firm-07 sp017505785
s__CADDYW01 sp902810745
s__DTU059 sp012840245
s__CAJBME01 sp023253575
s__Amnibacterium setariae
s__Kaistella sp003692615
s__Rhizomicrobium sp937942205
s__Neorhizobium sp005222845
s__S144-23 sp015494375
s__Nostoc flagelliforme_A
s__HK-STAS-PATE-10 sp023898505
s__JAFGMF01 sp016927675
s__VGMA01 sp016866575
s__JANQEO01 sp028278325
s__Tichowtungia sp030619095
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp005885245
s__Flavobacterium sp003350375
s__Mangrovivirga pacificum
s__Palsa-189 sp003223325
s__Anaerobacillus_A hwajinpoensis_D
s__Selenomonas_A sp024693525
s__AAA536-G10 sp902595145
s__Deinococcus sp018260555
s__JANQFP01 sp028277795
s__Pelagibacter sp902568975
s__Aquella sp947454215
s__Salinimicrobium profundisediminis
s__UMGS1601 sp947584375
s__UBA9715 sp015062685
s__FEN-1250 sp028287205
s__Palsa-1315 sp026387615
s__F1-20-MAGs016 sp018970785
s__Cesiribacter sp000597885
s__Sphingomicrobium sp946480515
s__UBA9655 sp018242065
s__DAIDHG01 sp027452085
s__Neoanaerotignum_A sp944383885
s__Collinsella sp947001705
s__Neisseria sp030530745
s__JAHITV01 sp018817315
s__Fodinicurvata fenggangensis
s__Acidithiobacillus sp023255755
s__JAJCZR01 sp029262295
s__SIG204 sp015059195
s__Flavobacterium sp024699965
s__Smithella sp030018675
s__WQXQ01 sp009778545
s__Corynebacterium deserti
s__Pelagibacter sp902605995
s__JAEWCC01 sp023390815
s__Ahniella sp016712105
s__JAQUUF01 sp028693975
s__Leucothrix arctica
s__UBA10906 sp028688755
s__Tractidigestivibacter scatoligenes
s__NP-4 sp005888595
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp021776565
s__Lapidilactobacillus mulanensis
s__CAG-196 sp902798645
s__Sphingobacterium stercorigallinarum
s__CAG-269 sp934122385
s__Undibacterium jejuense
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030694265
s__Gp7-AA10 sp030948915
s__Phocaeicola sp958453305
s__JAIUZI01 sp020171285
s__Dyadobacter sp021390245
s__Corynebacterium sp017307055
s__Thermoflavimicrobium dichotomicum
s__Aphodocola sp902795755
s__GCF-002259525 sp019468145
s__Schlegelella_A sp017881025
s__F2B08 sp012838445
s__JAKVBH01 sp022447495
s__Edaphobacter aggregans
s__Sphingomicrobium sp025935515
s__Blastococcus sp025465355
s__UBA4372 sp945833925
s__JAKVBY01 sp022446825
s__Saccharimonas sp938039975
s__UBA1930 sp026931905
s__Cryosericum sp026390285
s__Brachymonas sp030538335
s__Aphodosoma sp024399535
s__Caccovivens sp947629895
s__JAJFIM01 sp021774995
s__JABDQA01 sp030145365
s__Pontibacter sp947492645
s__CAJOIG01 sp947630645
s__Klenkia soli
s__CADEEL01 sp013389015
s__Streptomyces polyasparticus
s__AAA536-G10 sp028382005
s__Ruminococcus sp947627175
s__JAEZYR01 sp030055235
s__Chersky-806 sp017882945
s__Arthrobacter sp002953935
s__Vibrio sp002100145
s__Collinsella sp902491565
s__Fluviicola sp946479125
s__Motilibacter_A deserti
s__IOR16 sp017168145
s__Ekhidna sp028279155
s__PFL25 sp937968125
s__Neoroseomonas sp026400795
s__Pusillimonas_B sp008369125
s__Thermus neutrinimicus
s__Agathobaculum sp944384695
s__JALNXD01 sp023230565
s__Spiroplasma_B sabaudiense
s__JAIRRR01 sp031267115
s__RUG14670 sp902801525
s__Halopseudomonas sp012844345
s__ZC4RG25 sp023423275
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009786985
s__Pelagibacter sp902554765
s__JADJWF01 sp937976685
s__Sphingomonas sp013374115
s__Aquimarina sp937958735
s__Hydrogenosomobacter endosymbioticus
s__CAG-115 sp017847835
s__Polynucleobacter nymphae
s__Sediminibacterium sp947441205
s__Collinsella sp902464565
s__YC12-FULL-57-11 sp023246275
s__Glaciecola sp905479945
s__Caulobacter sp014378155
s__JADYXS01 sp021772155
s__Leptovillus gracilis
s__Sinorhizobium fredii_A
s__Bog-257 sp003135475
s__ER46 sp027485815
s__JABDIW01 sp013001485
s__Sphingomonas sp002002925
s__Rhodoferax_C sp018474005
s__UBA4923 sp012511185
s__DYJD01 sp020723325
s__JAFAHS01 sp030041155
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio oxyclinae
s__JABIFP01 sp018650645
s__JANLIR01 sp024654025
s__VKMB-3413 sp020615385
s__Dissulfurimicrobium hydrothermale
s__Listeria_A cornellensis
s__Omnitrophus_A magneticus
s__JAJDUF01 sp022826725
s__JAGLQQ01 sp022013205
s__Murdochiella sp023394045
s__UMGS1370 sp946498245
s__Mf105b01 sp002746275
s__C7867-001 sp016182485
s__CASESI01 sp949290705
s__UBA2475 sp002319075
s__Glaciihabitans sp025463465
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp030424845
s__Geobacter uraniireducens_A
s__Gp6-AA45 sp016195265
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp011389655
s__2-01-FULL-44-22 sp001794205
s__Paenibacillus_AC sp028287395
s__Pelagibacter sp028097785
s__Ruminococcus sp017620025
s__UBA11051 sp030612305
s__Moheibacter sediminis
s__JADJRH01 sp016712345
s__Flavobacterium cerinum_A
s__Cellulosilyticum sp023436395
s__JALZOC01 sp030857365
s__Firm-04 sp015066805
s__UBA6984 sp017512405
s__JACXUD01 sp014764025
s__MVCS01 sp002049885
s__Faecousia sp017435245
s__JAPLYJ01 sp026395655
s__BS750m-G34 sp030640045
s__Nocardioides sp902805925
s__JAEUKK01 sp016792625
s__RUG626 sp947627085
s__GCA-2718595 sp028822645
s__Enterousia sp017535105
s__JAFAVN01 sp019237325
s__CAKSQF01 sp017451585
s__Chlorobaculum sp013334865
s__JAAYBT01 sp023435745
s__Hydrogenophaga sp002127215
s__Xenophilus arseniciresistens
s__Prevotella sp000688375
s__Desulfopila aestuarii
s__Faecivivens sp944388825
s__Bact-08 sp030695305
s__Ruegeria lacuscaerulensis_C
s__AG-363-P08 sp003280055
s__Microbacterium gubbeenense
s__Flavisolibacter sp002050435
s__Desulfovibrio sp024699605
s__Ruminococcus_B sp949290175
s__Baekduia sp025964215
s__UBA1018 sp002291495
s__Pla163 sp007750655
s__Sphingobacterium arenae
s__AG-337-I02 sp902612805
s__Alkalibacter mobilis
s__GCA-2717625 sp002707765
s__UBA8444 sp913048435
s__Blautia_A sp030526665
s__JALHTW01 sp026393865
s__SIG438 sp015068925
s__GCA-2715305 sp002715305
s__Aphodoplasma excrementigallinarum
s__Caproiciproducens sp029211205
s__JASEIE01 sp030024065
s__Plesiocystis pacifica
s__UBA8337 sp949498175
s__SZUA-186 sp030599705
s__Muricoprocola sp934394985
s__Barnesiella_A sp017935645
s__Caulobacter sp937991555
s__JAHDDN01 sp020629335
s__XYB2-FULL-45-11 sp943348955
s__Winogradskyella sp030149115
s__Roseovarius sp024742655
s__JAUWXW01 sp030616195
s__CADEEH01 sp902826305
s__Fimenecus sp946055445
s__Pelosinus sp029239675
s__JAGXHI01 sp024636295
s__Metabacillus sp000518865
s__Prochlorococcus sp003209775
s__Sphingomicrobium sp019242355
s__CAG-590 sp905235545
s__UBA6024 sp003457135
s__Spirillospora terrae
s__VMGD01 sp007376405
s__VAYN01 sp025964255
s__JAFSXO01 sp017444045
s__UBA11358 sp903889895
s__JAIRPN01 sp031279715
s__Shewanella sp001957135
s__Vitreimonas sp019753105
s__UBA5905 sp017423825
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp022508445
s__UBA3855 sp017394565
s__Barnesiella_A sp017532725
s__JACNIV01 sp030621085
s__JAKAUH01 sp027449865
s__RUG369 sp017937485
s__Acetatifactor sp944384205
s__UBA4742 sp002403895
s__JADFYH01 sp015233135
s__Coraliomargarita_B sinensis
s__SLMV01 sp007133365
s__UBA4729 sp030271625
s__JAUVZF01 sp030602705
s__JANLGA01 sp024653225
s__JAIUOG01 sp020161725
s__CAKOSP01 sp016288635
s__JAFUXM01 sp905233565
s__Chryseobacterium greenlandense
s__Paracidovorax sp023460715
s__Paenibacillus sp022346995
s__JAPUKG01 sp027295775
s__Granulicella sp028283655
s__SpSt-501 sp016219005
s__Propionivibrio sp903916205
s__Cohnella kolymensis
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947302125
s__REEB48 sp018969615
s__Microcoleus sp030248405
s__ASP10-02a sp003521845
s__GWC2-37-13 sp002779665
s__JADGPY01 sp030946075
s__VGTG01 sp029976905
s__JAITLA01 sp031278145
s__JACIYB01 sp014360155
s__Eubacterium_R sp029225565
s__Oricola sp002698425
s__Homoserinibacter sp008017545
s__2-01-FULL-38-26 sp001782075
s__DAOWAS01 sp030634465
s__J029 sp003696625
s__WQTU01 sp009778835
s__Bulleidia sp017421125
s__Sulfurimonas marisnigri
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947306315
s__Zunongwangia pacifica
s__Telluria agilis
s__Duganella sp900110275
s__Alsobacter metallidurans
s__Halomonas daqiaonensis
s__Caulobacter sp903889785
s__Ghiorsea sp030950765
s__JAUXJB01 sp030624945
s__Faecisoma sp944332645
s__Thalassospira lohafexi
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017554135
s__JAAXHH01 sp012270975
s__JACQFV01 sp016199865
s__JADJVJ01 sp016716625
s__RYN-111 sp025352005
s__Paenibacillus_F sp001541095
s__JABDGZ01 sp028870995
s__Pelagibacter sp902519325
s__Jutongia sp902788645
s__JAUIHA01 sp030432505
s__JAUXGF01 sp030622395
s__UBA1740 sp017630995
s__Alteromonas sp913058315
s__JAHJSU01 sp016208085
s__Nostoc sp002949795
s__JAUNLK01 sp030535395
s__Lutibacter sp010906935
s__Hyphococcus sp021604585
s__UBA1847 sp937944275
s__UBA1440 sp002329565
s__Winogradskyella sp013002225
s__JAISGJ01 sp031254905
s__Stanieria cyanosphaera
s__Parasynechococcus sp913040905
s__Agathobacter sp017523185
s__BP-197 sp030840525
s__Flavobacterium sp000812945
s__Flagellimonas sp020434915
s__WQYJ01 sp009778725
s__JAUIEC01 sp030428945
s__JAKEGN01 sp022615525
s__JAHBVH01 sp019637645
s__JAISGN01 sp031260565
s__Anaerostipes sp028704435
s__Thermogemmatispora sp019683635
s__RBG-16-49-21 sp001829455
s__RUG11462 sp902769255
s__LD21 sp013314865
s__Butyrivibrio sp024692165
s__Runella sp029433105
s__Caldalkalibacillus uzonensis
s__Rubrivivax sp947464185
s__Shimia sagamensis
s__QFOX01 sp963205305
s__Owenweeksia sp937146805
s__Pelagibacter sp902564265
s__UBA4372 sp017617235
s__UBA2359 sp002212985
s__Pelagibacter sp902630945
s__Atribacter sp012517635
s__Firm-10 sp017431365
s__CALGNO01 sp937927905
s__Gallimonas sp947625595
s__Halolacustris sp028698215
s__Thiobacillus sp024636675
s__Mesonia aquimarina
s__WARW01 sp028709405
s__Rhizobium sp002211285
s__BRH-c25 sp012519325
s__JACRPK01 sp016214005
s__UBA5389 sp019136685
s__Endobugula sertula
s__Lentilitoribacter sp020628035
s__Halomonas maura
s__Kibdelosporangium sp000826545
s__JAJZQO01 sp021786495
s__Albidovulum sp020446905
s__Streptococcus oralis_BU
s__Fen-668 sp003158895
s__Fusicatenibacter sp028727605
s__JACKEY01 sp020632755
s__Tous-C4FEB sp025360615
s__UBA1221 sp902777385
s__RUG13091 sp016290145
s__Wenyingzhuangia sp030548295
s__UBA1221 sp949283255
s__Haliscomenobacter sp013299105
s__JAJPJJ01 sp021324295
s__SKZB01 sp007125255
s__Arthrobacter sp018613875
s__Ruficoccus sp030673825
s__Nitrospira_D sp902500775
s__Bacteriovorax sp023151145
s__Komagataeibacter xylinus_E
s__AG-363-P08 sp003280185
s__Merdousia sp015061955
s__Kaistella sp023419095
s__Ruminococcus sp946415235
s__JAHEIK01 sp029213105
s__JAUIIS01 sp030431575
s__JAABRC01 sp024642025
s__CAJMNU01 sp030524675
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902796225
s__Brevibacillus fortis
s__Chordicoccus sp030527595
s__UBA1756 sp024400775
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp003241875
s__CALDDQ01 sp937936785
s__Quinella sp017455645
s__UBA2126 sp014381755
s__WRNX01 sp009787485
s__SIG598 sp015065795
s__CAIJNA01 sp937860115
s__Actinocatenispora rupis
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902591865
s__UBA4081 sp002383615
s__WRHW01 sp009783055
s__Ancylobacter vacuolatus
s__UBA4951 sp947303105
s__SZUA-24 sp947259425
s__RF16 sp017650465
s__Malonomonas sp013138655
s__Bradyrhizobium sp900113735
s__SMBSF39 sp021107685
s__Lentibacillus doumboii
s__Caccovivens sp944377315
s__JACWAE01 sp021787935
s__Azospirillum sp027486405
s__Enterococcus_C sp027692465
s__Thioclava pacifica
s__UBA946 sp002293295
s__CAJJDF01 sp937129365
s__Lentilactobacillus fungorum
s__Brachymonas chironomi
s__Mariniplasma sp021108415
s__UBA737 sp015065645
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp946887345
s__Flavobacterium sp022758945
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949285905
s__Caccovivens sp944384485
s__Advenella_A mandrilli
s__JAGRMU01 sp020441165
s__UBA7805 sp014237955
s__JAFGIL01 sp016929635
s__RGIG3159 sp017440065
s__JAADED01 sp027067965
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017557325
s__UBA1265 sp024699225
s__NK4A144 sp946407725
s__Microbacterium paraoxydans_B
s__SIG307 sp945622055
s__Actinoplanes liguriensis
s__UBA1189 sp017424485
s__Macondimonas sp002862965
s__Ga0074140 sp016185065
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans_A
s__CAIRHC01 sp903878275
s__Puia sp031292515
s__Fretibacterium sp938030725
s__UBA3839 sp022508685
s__UBA2834 sp946527885
s__Vibrio penaeicida_B
s__UBA4427 sp963169575
s__DUCF01 sp913020715
s__Lernaella stagnicola
s__Phreatobacter sp023416965
s__Pseudomonas_E cremoricolorata
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp944391225
s__UBA9410 sp029242745
s__Saccharofermentans sp900107185
s__Sulfurovum sp030836805
s__CADEFT01 sp016213775
s__UBA1100 sp030747505
s__Lysobacter arenosi
s__Moraxella sp943908405
s__RGIG2000 sp015064445
s__JAFUXM01 sp017448685
s__Planktophila sp030649935
s__Brumimicrobium sp913056215
s__Butyricicoccus_A sp934532985
s__Parvularcula bermudensis
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp030697165
s__Mucilaginibacter aquaedulcis
s__Sphingomonas_I sp003248515
s__Cloacimonas sp937924555
s__Jejuia sp002428965
s__CADCWK01 sp902806375
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280985
s__CAJOIG01 sp947627735
s__Providencia_D alcalifaciens_A
s__JANYAK01 sp030651905
s__JAOAHC01 sp026415435
s__UBA965 sp945881915
s__Blattabacterium sp000471965
s__CAG-269 sp944388705
s__Crocosphaera sp030064955
s__Pararhizobium herbae
s__IGN3 sp003538625
s__Kaistia colombiensis
s__Endozoicomonas sp900299555
s__UBA12223 sp003450915
s__Homoserinibacter sp003243275
s__Rheinheimera nanhaiensis
s__Haloferula sp027491155
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sp022843165
s__JAJRTA01 sp030605565
s__Coprosoma sp947625215
s__Leucobacter sp020161315
s__SZUA-580 sp018821745
s__Marseille-P3662 sp900178005
s__QALR01 sp017456965
s__JACQVI01 sp016209795
s__JACRLM01 sp016235255
s__Collinsella sp958412345
s__Aeromonas tecta
s__UBA3076 sp030618205
s__JACPNX01 sp016185275
s__TMED54 sp902616005
s__Mailhella massiliensis_A
s__UBA12170 sp027858955
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp021776515
s__JAQSWP01 sp029266575
s__JAKLEX01 sp022711495
s__HGM11412 sp017504795
s__Faecousia sp949296115
s__JACDAE01 sp013695595
s__JAGZMM01 sp018364155
s__UBA3402 sp947600145
s__Kitasatospora sp015776785
s__S143-145 sp015491135
s__SYAR01 sp903858915
s__SCMT01 sp008015095
s__UMGS995 sp947632545
s__WHTM01 sp009377755
s__Floricoccus sp029392475
s__Reyranella sp900110395
s__JAUVNZ01 sp030613605
s__Waterburya agarophytonicola
s__BMS3ABIN06 sp011040095
s__Niveispirillum sp017996735
s__Halobacillus_A campisalis
s__JACIWP01 sp938049385
s__Phil12 sp002633275
s__HTCC2207 sp002313335
s__JAJYWF01 sp021799915
s__UBA2270 sp028697885
s__Andreprevotia lacus
s__UBA3282 sp014804695
s__Coproplasma sp947625865
s__UBA3636 sp946612175
s__JACCTY01 sp013696785
s__UBA5359 sp028699365
s__Sphingomicrobium mesophilum
s__JAUWPO01 sp030622805
s__PFJX01 sp023258975
s__JAFGGA01 sp016930835
s__Streptomyces griseocarneus_A
s__Desulfacinum infernum
s__Parvibaculum sp030649335
s__SZUA-87 sp029263195
s__RUG131 sp934162685
s__GWC2-37-13 sp024653985
s__Flavobacterium aquiphilum
s__UBA927 sp023245335
s__RUG11690 sp024400715
s__UBA636 sp030531215
s__JAGOJY01 sp017994815
s__Roseovarius sp024355225
s__JAISHI01 sp031262595
s__SHYL01 sp009692825
s__Bin65 sp026709535
s__JANQJX01 sp028281425
s__G020344215 sp020344015
s__JAIRPN01 sp031266335
s__CAMYKY01 sp947259165
s__UBA5905 sp934636435
s__JAIROO01 sp031276635
s__GCA-2748055 sp024640885
s__Actinomarina sp902566515
s__JACCRY01 sp013813265
s__UBA737 sp017434895
s__JAKZFD01 sp022549225
s__JAVHYF01 sp031119205
s__Pelagibacter sp902535745
s__Ferruginibacter sp025362235
s__UBA1038 sp023460055
s__Bosea sp002220095
s__Andeanibacterium sp001305965
s__JAUPWD01 sp030916685
s__Anaerohalosphaera lusitana
s__PSRM01 sp003176045
s__UBA1149 sp014382245
s__Deinococcus marmoris_A
s__Enterousia sp902774285
s__UBA1195 sp017613015
s__Devosia sp913055165
s__Serratia_H symbiotica_A
s__Bythopirellula sp020427155
s__Enterousia sp017642625
s__UBA995 sp002291985
s__JAIRYI01 sp031267815
s__CAIMPC01 sp026387175
s__JAQVPA01 sp028702315
s__JAEUIR01 sp016795025
s__ESFC-1 sp000380225
s__Dokdonella_A sp937902695
s__Limnohabitans_A sp021731425
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900602065
s__JAIOHU01 sp019912845
s__Amazonocrinis sp002368335
s__Parafrankia colletiae
s__Eubacterium_R sp937907605
s__UBA1441 sp002329255
s__JAAYUJ01 sp012517775
s__JAEWBG01 sp023391335
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000473065
s__Vibrio sp002563795
s__Brachymonas sp030529305
s__GCA-2747955 sp002747955
s__JAJTHC01 sp947458095
s__Anaerobutyricum sp902782625
s__Pelagibacter sp902636075
s__JAKLDJ01 sp022703585
s__Frateuria_A sp026410505
s__QNFC01 sp019090185
s__JAFDWR01 sp018268355
s__BPHE01 sp026003395
s__Arthrobacter sp020532825
s__Pedobacter frigoris
s__Flavobacterium sp003105115
s__Shewanella sp013214165
s__Horticoccus luteus
s__JAHDHG01 sp020630335
s__CAKKQB01 sp919901915
s__PALSA-688 sp003156795
s__Lapillicoccus sp030853445
s__Streptomyces lichenis
s__Pelagibacter sp014653975
s__Sporotomaculum gibsoniae
s__GCA-020344235 sp020344235
s__Caccenecus sp934099115
s__JANQTF01 sp030731845
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens_BQ
s__JAGLBW01 sp003972955
s__Streptomyces ferrugineus
s__UBA3031 sp009886305
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp003209755
s__JALSNJ01 sp027068075
s__Chamaesiphon sp026786125
s__Salinimicrobium xinjiangense
s__JASBTF01 sp030148545
s__GCA-2707915 sp902606175
s__VAYN01 sp013821475
s__WRGS01 sp031271005
s__SG-bin9 sp002083525
s__UBA3210 sp947593895
s__Blattabacterium clevelandi
s__Prevotella sp024401305
s__Spongiivirga citrea
s__Bog-756 sp017883025
s__UBA2883 sp023665105
s__REEB354 sp027306785
s__Desulfovibrio sp024692205
s__C7867-002 sp903826185
s__AG-414-E02 sp902588335
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp004322365
s__RBG-16-43-11 sp020846775
s__UBA9628 sp023249645
s__Pseudogracilibacillus sp937960785
s__JANJTB01 sp024711295
s__Alloprevotella sp024400995
s__JAUYSE01 sp030696465
s__Litorimonas sp020628495
s__Ruthia sp021730205
s__CANQUC01 sp947625135
s__B1 sp945875195
s__UBA5216 sp945893125
s__Erythrobacter sp947495695
s__Parasulfuritortus sp031291185
s__CALGNA01 sp937958795
s__Faecousia sp015067665
s__Salinibacter grassmerensis
s__JAAYBS01 sp012718855
s__VAWY01 sp005888335
s__Pelagibacter sp902518395
s__Sideroxyarcus sp016214695
s__VGTG01 sp030430245
s__Novosphingobium naphthalenivorans
s__TCS52 sp029931905
s__JAGRNJ01 sp020440825
s__E44-bin89 sp018829775
s__QIAJ01 sp003134435
s__1-14-0-20-39-34 sp020632445
s__JAEZGP01 sp023437285
s__JALWSA01 sp026993805
s__VFLI01 sp009885105
s__Nocardia sp019266065
s__ELB16-189 sp016787755
s__TMP-86 sp025357635
s__JAJZQO01 sp021845645
s__JAGUXG01 sp020061965
s__Atribacter sp012517485
s__Actibacterium_C ureilyticum
s__WQYJ01 sp031285505
s__Tranquillimonas littorinae
s__G020349885 sp020349885
s__UBA1731 sp017936245
s__Ga0077553 sp947466555
s__BPJM01 sp026004615
s__JAEUJQ01 sp025459425
s__OLB5 sp030835025
s__JAIRLF01 sp031259655
s__JABFXX01 sp028287135
s__Neobacillus sp030123365
s__Mucilaginibacter sp025934475
s__Youxingia wuxianensis
s__Streptomyces sp023701695
s__RGIG1916 sp017396725
s__Arthrobacter sp027587375
s__Campylobacter_A sp938039245
s__UBA1711 sp017940465
s__CAMREV01 sp949283985
s__W3P20-009 sp937892095
s__Paramesorhizobium deserti
s__WRFZ01 sp031290435
s__Sphingobium sp023433445
s__Treponema_D sp017450535
s__WJLL01 sp014728535
s__HGM11416 sp934249215
s__MS024-2A sp023257625
s__CALCMJ01 sp937967615
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281705
s__Marinobacter sp030250645
s__Mycobacterium paraffinicum_A
s__Zag111 sp945910425
s__JAJYLG01 sp021787985
s__Proteiniclasticum sp003510765
s__JACRJW01 sp016205975
s__JAPLKB01 sp026388275
s__JAGLBW01 sp027009095
s__Gallimonas sp947589555
s__67-14 sp017304845
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900585905
s__RAAP-2 sp003163875
s__Polaromonas sp021153985
s__Pseudoalteromonas prydzensis_A
s__QAMH01 sp902478425
s__Ideonella filiformis
s__Sphingomonas_O sp025353885
s__JACPVK01 sp030836935
s__RUG099 sp902795265
s__Pelagibacter sp902571235
s__SIG448 sp015068705
s__Reyranella sp004297405
s__JAQCBG01 sp027621485
s__RSF151 sp016235225
s__Metabacillus_D arenae
s__Flavobacterium sp023386255
s__Aestuariivirga sp025359045
s__JAHDQI01 sp029552545
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp030609245
s__JAIRPN01 sp031256975
s__ELB16-189 sp018063305
s__Legionella sp031291095
s__JAILGW01 sp946538065
s__Sulfitobacter sp913060815
s__Ancylobacter sp023016805
s__Alistipes sp948442615
s__Peribacillus glennii
s__JAFGGH01 sp028282745
s__UBA11490 sp937874195
s__Flexifilum sp022841825
s__RGIG6816 sp017542695
s__Actinotignum timonense_A
s__WQRX01 sp009779755
s__JAFUYV01 sp024681935
s__Mesorhizobium metallidurans
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_L
s__Propionivibrio sp031284185
s__JAJPIU01 sp021324535
s__Solibacter sp025463045
s__Desulfobacula sp937880875
s__Tenacibaculum skagerrakense
s__Litoreibacter sp013042765
s__G020346125 sp020346125
s__JABDJY01 sp013003285
s__JADZEE01 sp020850735
s__Parahaliea mediterranea_A
s__Giesbergeria hankyongi
s__Variovorax boronicumulans_B
s__Gemella sp927911745
s__JAUVZL01 sp030609135
s__Dysosmobacter valericigenes_B
s__JAHWJK01 sp019348445
s__Psychrobium sp937981905
s__JAHZKU01 sp022600255
s__Mycobacterium sp022348085
s__JACDHG01 sp013697905
s__RGIG8607 sp947088195
s__UBA4372 sp902791675
s__RFNO01 sp009927165
s__Tagaea sp020161965
s__Faecousia sp029224785
s__SFDP01 sp017396675
s__Arctic95D-9 sp020630975
s__Planktophila sp009705165
s__RGIG5418 sp017502465
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp030854525
s__Chlorobaculum parvum_A
s__UBA1364 sp002422765
s__Actinotalea sp023462275
s__JASGCP01 sp030053915
s__Luteolibacter sp937867415
s__JALYJZ01 sp025449535
s__Neobacillus niacini_C
s__Ruminococcus sp947624295
s__UBA4951 sp002314915
s__JABCZZ01 sp013286285
s__JACROS01 sp016208765
s__Pseudidiomarina sp002423905
s__JAISTU01 sp031272415
s__UBA952 sp016866415
s__Lujinxingia sp007997005
s__Scatenecus sp017559905
s__Vibrio gelatinilyticus
s__Luteitalea sp023429845
s__Treponema_D sp024402565
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023375815
s__T1SED10-81 sp003552275
s__WRKY01 sp031261445
s__JABFSC01 sp013140885
s__Hathewaya proteolytica
s__Benthicola sp030601615
s__Serratia_C symbiotica_A
s__JANYGA01 sp025359485
s__JAIULY01 sp022565875
s__JANWIV01 sp025449735
s__Zeimonas sp023954015
s__Woodsholea maritima
s__JALHTW01 sp022866045
s__UBA5232 sp018056375
s__JAAXWC01 sp013335175
s__Collinsella sp902479135
s__UBA6144 sp019752535
s__Pristimantibacillus vietnamensis
s__Marinitoga lauensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902521075
s__UMGS1279 sp017397065
s__JANQJW01 sp028281445
s__JAJDCA01 sp029261055
s__Villigracilis sp020717985
s__Dysosmobacter sp017526785
s__Saccharimonas sp030528025
s__CADAEX01 sp024402405
s__JASBUC01 sp030148065
s__JACMLX01 sp014377535
s__Sphingobium abikonense
s__Bacteroides sp031262085
s__CATJLA01 sp949741215
s__Flavobacterium sp001507425
s__VXRN01 sp021295915
s__Corynebacterium sp946221105
s__Ferruginibacter sp030157685
s__SZUA-359 sp030429935
s__GCA-2724185 sp002724185
s__Acidithiobacillus marinus
s__Helicobacter_C sp000765665
s__Ghiorsea sp027055255
s__Ferruginibacter sp947450165
s__CAG-390 sp017411805
s__Pelagibacter sp902613755
s__Geomonas bemidjiensis
s__RGIG1995 sp017395725
s__Desulfovibrio sp031275465
s__E4-135 sp018065225
s__Rosistilla carotiformis
s__Acidoferrum sp003224085
s__Gleimia coleocanis
s__SpSt-600 sp025062375
s__DT-38 sp013214205
s__JAPYUI01 sp029936175
s__Desulfosarcina sp030642405
s__JAMCWF01 sp023481295
s__Novosphingobium sp028869175
s__Palsa-295 sp013289695
s__UBA1732 sp016285345
s__CALNBV01 sp946478845
s__RUG14121 sp016297695
s__Edaphobacter sp025408425
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031279765
s__SFDP01 sp017558145
s__Bradyrhizobium sp936928535
s__JAFGFE01 sp016931225
s__Hydrogenispora sp023410535
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp027490455
s__Faecousia sp934593275
s__JADCGN01 sp027490875
s__Eudoraea chungangensis
s__Radiobacillus kanasensis
s__PALSA-1004 sp025363435
s__Lachnoclostridium sp023415655
s__Polaromonas sp900103405
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903913935
s__Bdellovibrio sp029531655
s__GCA-2700405 sp902512065
s__CAMDBH01 sp945889325
s__Flavobacterium pelagicum
s__JAFGRW01 sp027858855
s__Novisyntrophococcus sp002409525
s__Scatomorpha sp944385835
s__WHSY01 sp009377865
s__Phosphoribacter sp002748155
s__JADJWH01 sp020847075
s__CSBr16-161 sp007117055
s__Lentimonas sp905479975
s__Leptotrichia sp000469385
s__Ewingella sp003864575
s__CANQPS01 sp947625785
s__CSSED11-109 sp003563385
s__JAJRRH01 sp024279715
s__Liquorilactobacillus ghanensis
s__Faecousia sp017516785
s__QWPT01 sp945902075
s__Planctomonas sp947487835
s__Nanosynbacter sp029975625
s__Thalassomonas haliotis
s__JAHISB01 sp018818425
s__Arachnia sp945875065
s__SIG526 sp015067185
s__Egerieenecus sp934631985
s__JAAYMS01 sp012521295
s__Paramesorhizobium endophyticum
s__UBA3207 sp024408105
s__C7867-001 sp018968865
s__Onthoplasma sp934777435
s__Rikenella sp947628055
s__Collinsella sp902490095
s__Mucilaginibacter sp029237615
s__Solidesulfovibrio sp001936595
s__RUG14240 sp017539425
s__Caballeronia glebae
s__UBA10281 sp017504655
s__JAJRZU01 sp024275075
s__UBA2336 sp020063545
s__RFSX01 sp020628095
s__Sulfurovum sp027083995
s__GCA-002772825 sp002772825
s__JAHDHG01 sp938017795
s__JAGBWK01 sp029218425
s__Umezawaea tangerina
s__Aedoeadaptatus coli
s__UBA3571 sp002010365
s__Aminipila butyrica
s__B64-G9 sp003647095
s__SURF-5 sp003598085
s__Agathobacter sp945910395
s__Coprosoma sp017513865
s__Azophilus sp027297435
s__RGIG6154 sp017410375
s__Ellagibacter sp934617235
s__Pseudoduganella sp946482335
s__Marinobacter salinexigens
s__DSYL01 sp026418955
s__Stygibacter frigidus
s__Marinicella sp020442635
s__RUG841 sp024695865
s__Collinsella sp902494465
s__Pelagibacter sp902629285
s__JABDJQ01 sp013002425
s__RGIG9151 sp017934955
s__SIG598 sp015065975
s__Allorhizobium sp913776675
s__JAGPCK01 sp020049855
s__TC1 sp001584725
s__RUG13038 sp017511805
s__Desulforhopalus sp937915545
s__JAHKBC01 sp018825725
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031262885
s__Aequorivita echinoideorum
s__JAPKDA01 sp028822695
s__Mariprofundus sp030950555
s__JAAYBW01 sp012729975
s__M30B73 sp023261915
s__Desulforadius sp017656165
s__Lacipirellula sp020847515
s__Bacillus_AD massiliigorillae
s__UBA4720 sp017881685
s__Sideroxyarcus sp028707175
s__JASJCB01 sp030066195
s__0-14-0-20-40-13 sp002774285
s__Methylohalobius sp026982635
s__Bauldia litoralis
s__Reyranella sp945903635
s__UBA1737 sp002315915
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902574425
s__MGBC163016 sp902497215
s__Margalitia sp018343615
s__SIG200 sp947631285
s__UBA3361 sp002360535
s__Avichristensenella sp009787135
s__CAJBIL01 sp903953145
s__QS-8-64-10 sp003022485
s__Merdousia sp023450935
s__Terriglobus sp018268855
s__RUG099 sp902760855
s__Sulfobacillus sp021820675
s__WRBG01 sp031281125
s__JAITGK01 sp031280275
s__CALGLP01 sp029564765
s__SPCO01 sp030647575
s__Pseudoruminococcus_B sp937901805
s__Faecimorpha sp937892735
s__Prosthecobacter sp947471905
s__Collinsella sp900752275
s__JAHIST01 sp018818145
s__Sporosarcina sp023707985
s__UBA10364 sp902614915
s__Gloeobacter violaceus
s__JAUIEF01 sp030428785
s__AG11 sp002215645
s__Neolewinella sp002591745
s__Paraburkholderia aromaticivorans_A
s__Egerieousia sp949300025
s__CAG-196 sp944326495
s__Ruminococcus_C sp019417665
s__Pseudomonas_K oryzae
s__Bin87 sp951813535
s__Polynucleobacter sp903835865
s__Herbaspirillum sp016429215
s__Phil12 sp030540495
s__CAG-917 sp946056785
s__RGIG5579 sp017508505
s__Ruminococcus sp017935095
s__Chordicoccus sp030529705
s__BRH-c8a sp023439185
s__UBA10103 sp007375785
s__Halobacillus_A sp022921115
s__Winogradskyella sp016744625
s__C7867-006 sp009694965
s__Desulfomarina sp030632405
s__Evtepia sp021442645
s__Oleispira sp913019965
s__Nodosilinea sp007694115
s__Chryseobacterium gregarium
s__JABWBJ01 sp946887155
s__JAFLEE01 sp017302015
s__Caballeronia sp001424345
s__CAIPAT01 sp903821255
s__SKJI01 sp007115995
s__Brevundimonas sp024711105
s__MED-G16 sp913046795
s__Flexilinea sp937894825
s__JAGXSC01 sp018334075
s__UBA3077 sp016744015
s__Nitratifractor salsuginis
s__Tous-C4FEB sp945869845
s__Curtobacterium sp900086645
s__Quinella sp905234365
s__Rhodoferax sp025359085
s__JAHFNP01 sp023267245
s__Sphingomonas folii
s__Chryseobacterium sp001421435
s__BNUT01 sp026002045
s__Wenxinia saemankumensis
s__Alistipes sp937895825
s__Lysobacter panacisoli
s__Pyruvatibacter ectocarpi
s__Porcipelethomonas sp902783235
s__CAG-194 sp945949085
s__Bacteroides sp030151085
s__Desulfovibrio sp014804905
s__JAIRWR01 sp031290235
s__Pelagibacter sp902632875
s__Algoriphagus aestuarii
s__JJ008 sp016868775
s__Fimenecus sp017546665
s__JAHDCE01 sp020629255
s__Veillonella parvula_C
s__Treponema_D sp934691925
s__Ulvibacterium sp947494715
s__Gordonia sp009862785
s__Hydrogenophaga intermedia_B
s__Arenibacter echinorum
s__Desulfobulbus_C sp030613515
s__CAHJXF01 sp937872165
s__JACPZE01 sp016195685
s__M0040 sp030614505
s__JAFUYI01 sp947301965
s__MSPOR6 sp028818995
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902537395
s__Palsa-295 sp013286165
s__CAITNM01 sp945860985
s__JADGRF01 sp017881145
s__Oligella sp947632105
s__JAHFHB01 sp023247055
s__Arthrobacter sp003352915
s__Choladousia sp021202635
s__Tenacibaculum sp938041625
s__Vibrio sp027587025
s__Hyalangium sp016926755
s__Nocardioides sp026712185
s__UBA10002 sp001004005
s__Pirellula_B sp018969045
s__CALHEE01 sp938023415
s__Methylovulum sp016919605
s__Brotonthovivens sp017472565
s__CALUXS01 sp949291115
s__Qipengyuania sp030717945
s__JAALLB01 sp938030595
s__UBA3064 sp016868175
s__SYGV01 sp016873495
s__Streptomyces sp018614075
s__JAGVJT01 sp023266075
s__Virgibacillus_E ndiopensis
s__UBA5767 sp016887505
s__UBA876 sp002294665
s__Palsa-1315 sp005887945
s__WOUV01 sp028278135
s__Clavibacter sp015351105
s__Pinisolibacter sp012517025
s__Novosphingobium sp947258815
s__UMGS1865 sp017450945
s__CANRDQ01 sp947627145
s__Flavobacterium sp023151265
s__GWA1-54-10 sp029288895
s__UBA1425 sp017449935
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031282525
s__Flavisolibacter sp023436425
s__JAHEZL01 sp947444925
s__Benthicola marisminoris
s__JAJRTP01 sp024278255
s__M55B127 sp018399995
s__Pararheinheimera sp029269265
s__JACKID01 sp019912315
s__JAGLTQ01 sp027076405
s__Aegiribacteria sp030594645
s__Limimorpha sp017632935
s__Sciscionella marina
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp017635095
s__Pseudonocardia sp002583555
s__Hymenobacter sediminis
s__Marinisoma sp019650355
s__JACPZD01 sp016195665
s__Eubacterium_G sp947630805
s__Mycobacterium sp000620625
s__Slackia sp030527325
s__9FT-COMBO-42-15 sp919902475
s__WHSN01 sp018268955
s__Flavisolibacter sp028288675
s__Slackia sp029101185
s__JANTHQ01 sp027022125
s__UBA3305 sp902796405
s__Pedobacter sp015223055
s__Elizabethkingia sp006088815
s__Stutzerimonas azotifigens_A
s__PWVB01 sp025454475
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902595175
s__Polyangium sp029960785
s__Ekhidna sp028284125
s__JAJXZP01 sp025356015
s__JANQPJ01 sp028289525
s__Nostoc sp017115095
s__Streptacidiphilus melanogenes
s__UBA1141 sp002817055
s__Devosia sp946480655
s__Propionispora hippei
s__Salipaludibacillus sp021028955
s__NK4A136 sp024696005
s__Limosilactobacillus sp947252915
s__Eubacterium_F sp000687695
s__Anaerobutyricum sp030533385
s__AG-414-E02 sp902588625
s__UBA3006 sp947467375
s__WRHT01 sp031266055
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023073415
s__CALZIK01 sp022561975
s__Pedobacter sp004210715
s__DE0126 sp007679095
s__JABMNZ01 sp013204395
s__CG2-30-40-21 sp020717845
s__Anaerotignum sp030908465
s__Spirillospora nitritigenes
s__UDEA-SF1 sp002995625
s__UBA1419 sp002305585
s__JACQLQ01 sp016204045
s__Mucilaginibacter sp020880975
s__Thiobacillus sp011391285
s__Huintestinicola sp017468865
s__Cyanobium sp016882305
s__Alistipes sp015059715
s__DSOT01 sp016199545
s__Edaphobacter sp000381605
s__Anaerocolumna sp023450835
s__QFOI01 sp003241175
s__2-02-FULL-43-11 sp021814895
s__Collinsella sp934630735
s__M55B177 sp018399375
s__Bellilinea sp938040735
s__CALLJL01 sp026416195
s__Actinomadura_D craniellae
s__DYKK01 sp020722625
s__Erythrobacter sp003264115
s__RUG13868 sp946541575
s__JACPZR01 sp016195395
s__Nitronauta sp020430445
s__JAILZP01 sp020725625
s__Anaerotardibacter muris
s__DTU059 sp023443745
s__Sphingomonas sp028292945
s__SIG653 sp015064625
s__SZUA-76 sp021648525
s__Pedobacter endophyticus
s__JAFGJQ01 sp020353195
s__UBA2226 sp031082425
s__JAJCYX01 sp028285005
s__FEN-1160 sp003142835
s__Avilachnospira sp944377385
s__OLB9 sp945870185
s__Sulfurimonas sp001873135
s__Desulfotignum sp011389715
s__Campylobacter_D jejuni_A
s__RI-121 sp016124455
s__Vibrio tetraodonis
s__Cloacimonas sp028681035
s__JAILLW01 sp024399135
s__RUG11237 sp017408735
s__Hominicoprocola sp015067435
s__Saccharofermentans sp946545505
s__Amycolatopsis kentuckyensis
s__NK4A136 sp947169935
s__Agromyces intestinalis
s__Rhizomicrobium sp018242145
s__Limivicinus sp944387735
s__Microbulbifer mangrovi
s__Onthoplasma sp017473285
s__Maribacter_B sp947504045
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902574405
s__UBA3282 sp023663915
s__Teretinema sp003246765
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017546585
s__Collinsella sp902464035
s__GCA-2704625 sp002171925
s__NORP36 sp913062735
s__JACKPM01 sp024233495
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_AI
s__Mycobacterium komossense
s__CALGAD01 sp937983015
s__JAFGSB01 sp016934825
s__Hymenobacter sp913776615
s__JADFTO01 sp022560215
s__WRGV01 sp031261455
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003213235
s__Rippkaea sp947331815
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis_E
s__SLRI01 sp007131045
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000761545
s__Pseudoclavibacter sp002931075
s__JAJVHZ01 sp022071965
s__Collinsella sp014871655
s__JAHFTM01 sp028293095
s__Pelagibacter sp902581925
s__Legionella rowbothamii
s__HIMB30 sp913062835
s__Fimimorpha sp944380055
s__Albidovulum sp025751435
s__RUG13583 sp017650325
s__Nitrosospira sp900102495
s__RGIG1476 sp017632535
s__Fibrobacter sp934699585
s__UBA6107 sp018060515
s__JAJRPT01 sp030431515
s__JAFGOJ01 sp016926575
s__Litoreibacter janthinus
s__CAG-196 sp947365485
s__Neobacillus sp019219025
s__SLLR01 sp003561875
s__Posidoniimonas corsicana
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031258945
s__CG2-30-46-19 sp030627025
s__Roseicyclus persicicus
s__Thermosipho_A atlanticus
s__Paenibacillus_B assamensis
s__Bin127 sp951812795
s__RGIG8597 sp017624275
s__Hoeflea halophila
s__UBA4416 sp016787365
s__Treponema sp938029485
s__Pleomorphomonas sp001603295
s__PWVN01 sp003561835
s__UBA2658 sp012728025
s__PH2015 sp013298375
s__Actinoplanes sp030252345
s__Rhizomicrobium sp018449595
s__SXUL01 sp009691765
s__Paenibacillus_S piri
s__UBA6022 sp946479115
s__UBA8524 sp023277325
s__Avispirillum sp017520365
s__G020354665 sp020354665
s__UBA6898 sp012026685
s__UBA5399 sp003510345
s__CAIKZY01 sp024639145
s__Pseudonocardia sp029263115
s__Gemmiger sp002306375
s__HIMB30 sp002730235
s__Ruthenibacterium sp020025255
s__WRAB01 sp009779845
s__JALZKA01 sp030860375
s__Streptomyces avicenniae
s__JACKFA01 sp020632715
s__Bradyrhizobium sp001908185
s__Polaromonas sp030682935
s__Pseudomonas_E sp023242475
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902591275
s__UBA5004 sp016177225
s__Phenylobacterium sp947475415
s__GCA-020356105 sp947259105
s__RUG11977 sp017557525
s__JAAYTV01 sp022706175
s__Levilactobacillus tongjiangensis
s__JAJFKG01 sp021773335
s__JAHEYG01 sp016787445
s__JAAYFO01 sp017614375
s__JAIRNW01 sp031257795
s__Coprosoma sp944358685
s__UBA7702 sp902796855
s__Pararheinheimera sp943913835
s__Streptomyces indicus
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp022615595
s__UMGS1519 sp030526775
s__Flavobacterium cucumis
s__CANNFE01 sp947503775
s__JAHEIK01 sp030065025
s__Flaviflexus ciconiae
s__UBA1174 sp017618215
s__JAITTS01 sp031286995
s__D2472 sp902602595
s__JAGGVQ01 sp021157895
s__UBA2336 sp016786495
s__UBA3077 sp003228875
s__SYKL01 sp947505245
s__Agromyces tardus
s__UBA1784 sp015061725
s__Streptococcus sp030528045
s__Thermodesulfatator_A atlanticus_A
s__Scalindua sp919901575
s__JAGHKQ01 sp017742235
s__Kaelpia aquatica
s__Fictibacillus sp005503015
s__Altibacter sp028284005
s__Neorhizobium sp900469345
s__Actinoallomurus bryophytorum
s__CAJXII01 sp913054415
s__Streptomyces sp030124145
s__CAZU01 sp902799835
s__JAHFFF01 sp023248095
s__Anaerobutyricum sp030531555
s__DYIU01 sp020723485
s__Parasphingopyxis algicola
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp030681095
s__Nitrospirillum iridis
s__Frankia sp023243075
s__JALHMH01 sp022844135
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947508055
s__Cellulomonas sp027923705
s__Meridianimarinicoccus zhengii
s__Ferruginibacter sp014379905
s__Arenimonas soli
s__MGBC139354 sp948433815
s__CANRLN01 sp947631445
s__Marinobacterium_E sp018623095
s__JAUXUB01 sp030680955
s__Lacinutrix mariniflava
s__PWIP01 sp007136035
s__IMCC26256 sp023262065
s__JAADED01 sp013153655
s__Ramlibacter agri
s__GCA-002772895 sp002772895
s__JAPPPA01 sp028817755
s__Collimonas fungivorans_A
s__Sphingobacterium sp011030405
s__Collinsella sp937950415
s__DUEN01 sp011176545
s__UMGS1590 sp937922955
s__M3007 sp016787285
s__BOG-931 sp003164375
s__Pelagibacter sp902625825
s__Aquirufa fluvialis_F
s__JACPRL01 sp016189965
s__WFQV01 sp027080245
s__Angelakisella sp019423445
s__CALHIP01 sp938030745
s__Capnocytophaga sp937919265
s__UBA9337 sp003510795
s__JAJQAW01 sp031262465
s__RUG626 sp947599875
s__WQYJ01 sp031265875
s__Palsa-881 sp028290905
s__Profundibacter sp022712735
s__Chlorobium sp016866305
s__CADCTG01 sp902805645
s__Azonexus sp030824335
s__Sediminibacterium sp019752295
s__SXXZ01 sp945860685
s__MED-G10 sp002712255
s__Microcoleus sp026130175
s__UBA1664 sp943789475
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031289475
s__Bacillus_AG koreensis
s__Faecousia sp017465745
s__Novosphingobium sp030699305
s__Mediterraneibacter sp019420405
s__Solirubrum jeollabukense
s__Palsa-288 sp031296325
s__JAKAHE01 sp021784575
s__Desulfoplanes sp028708105
s__Actinoplanes sp016464385
s__Fundidesulfovibrio soli
s__RUG806 sp017625435
s__JAISHX01 sp031262335
s__Neobacillus_A sp030915465
s__Geodermatophilus endophyticus_A
s__JABZFP01 sp020444045
s__COE1 sp023664265
s__RUG14515 sp947306345
s__UBA9959 sp002779045
s__Merdiplasma sp946549155
s__Erythrobacter sp011047315
s__JAHDDI01 sp020629435
s__JACQHJ01 sp016199085
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp002702895
s__Geosporobacter subterraneus
s__Cupriavidus necator_A
s__JAUXAL01 sp030619925
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003280025
s__Faecousia sp934667865
s__Limimonas halophila
s__JAIFWN01 sp019658995
s__Caproicibacterium sp002424295
s__REEB421 sp016873225
s__Desulfoluna sp030145185
s__CAIOJG01 sp026396535
s__JAILEN01 sp946630825
s__Palsa-189 sp003224175
s__JALEGI01 sp022763045
s__Thiohalocapsa sp001469165
s__JAIQFR01 sp020073205
s__SP287 sp002721285
s__Amphritea opalescens
s__GCA-2746885 sp002746885
s__Pseudolabrys sp945907045
s__Coproplasma sp947589385
s__Thiovulum_A imperiosus
s__Flavobacterium sp947458575
s__D2472 sp902509555
s__UBA1067 sp002315875
s__Bradyrhizobium sp020194175
s__Palsa-187 sp030037375
s__Mucilaginibacter pineti
s__JAIEOP01 sp019750465
s__JADKJB01 sp025450095
s__JACKCC01 sp024762695
s__Nitrospira_D inopinata
s__JAFDCJ01 sp030066155
s__QHBQ01 sp025355955
s__JAABTL01 sp029210865
s__JAAFHG01 sp903883945
s__WRBG01 sp009778375
s__Chitinophaga flava
s__UBA3006 sp030832455
s__RUG12372 sp902777615
s__Pseudorivibacter sp946480925
s__Pontimicrobium sp945788155
s__CAMQYB01 sp947039395
s__JAJRXG01 sp938022935
s__39-52-133 sp025350915
s__Enterovibrio sp028683095
s__Brevundimonas diminuta_A
s__JAKSOL01 sp024405635
s__Streptomyces showdoensis
s__Salipiger pentaromativorans
s__Ruminiclostridium sp023439045
s__Gallintestinimicrobium sp030524455
s__DAOVGU01 sp030672255
s__Eubacterium_J sp947653505
s__M3007 sp903925535
s__PGEI01 sp002894305
s__Ramlibacter aurantiacus
s__Aquella oligotrophica
s__JAGGVK01 sp021158045
s__RGIG2219 sp017407365
s__FEN-680 sp003157385
s__Roseivivax sediminis
s__Sulfidibacterium sp014860665
s__Mycobacterium acidiphilum
s__Pseudomonas_E fluvialis_A
s__Pontiella sp029432775
s__2-02-FULL-40-20 sp001818675
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902582165
s__JADFIH01 sp022566715
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp028858515
s__SIG200 sp947632715
s__JAAUQL01 sp015492915
s__Micromonospora chokoriensis_B
s__CAMLIZ01 sp946480245
s__Acetobacter sp002153745
s__GYS-P2D sp020629515
s__JAPOVO01 sp026708165
s__GCA-2707915 sp902611645
s__Nitrosomonas stercoris
s__Butyrivibrio sp024682835
s__JANQIN01 sp028282145
s__UBA6249 sp028716245
s__JAKVCP01 sp030424865
s__Pauljensenia sp938040725
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902620585
s__Aquiluna sp000257665
s__F23-D06 sp017962275
s__Pelagibacter sp902626575
s__Mycobacterium rhizamassiliense
s__JADLHS01 sp013140495
s__Holdemania massiliensis_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947303465
s__SHVZ01 sp016869285
s__JACZKS01 sp026163695
s__CALBMM01 sp937896535
s__Bradyrhizobium sp028290165
s__Urechidicola sp001874265
s__Rhizobium viscosum
s__Rhodoferax_C sp947375135
s__DTU059 sp023446675
s__NORP309 sp913061105
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp025463555
s__Kribbella italica
s__UBA1212 sp902782645
s__MM2 sp001645185
s__Petrocella sp002841495
s__Pelagibacter sp902608305
s__Halioglobus sp030426545
s__RS62 sp023260315
s__JASBTZ01 sp030148165
s__JAITXS01 sp031284645
s__Mesorhizobium_D sp019635715
s__GWF2-33-9 sp020722095
s__Sphingobium sp023266635
s__Gp6-AA40 sp016190945
s__UBA1067 sp017965685
s__JABDBE01 sp013288805
s__Bin18 sp951812575
s__Arthrobacter sp947090775
s__Cognataquiflexum nitidum
s__UBA3402 sp947629545
s__Synoicihabitans sp028280945
s__Ralstonia sp007997035
s__QOAS01 sp027035985
s__DUTQ01 sp012841995
s__JAPUME01 sp027294185
s__Rhodoferax sp011391545
s__UBA4971 sp029551185
s__OLB9 sp016716335
s__BJHQ01 sp945876185
s__Domibacillus mangrovi
s__UMGS363 sp017408395
s__Methyloprofundus sp016592635
s__RGIG7977 sp017552515
s__Onthocola_B sp949296605
s__F1-80-MAGs062 sp005809115
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp937928385
s__Macondimonas sp011620145
s__Vibrio sp001506075
s__Maribacter sp018100785
s__WGA-3G sp951813545
s__Collinsella sp902490565
s__21-14-0-20-46-8 sp002796025
s__Fructobacillus ficulneus
s__CANRDQ01 sp947627375
s__Pelagibacter sp902515485
s__Parabacteroides sp019417325
s__CALUOB01 sp944322305
s__Bordetella_B sp027450125
s__Acetatifactor sp947625255
s__Qipengyuania soli
s__Aegiribacteria sp030600975
s__Chryseobacterium sp001507335
s__UBA5158 sp031291175
s__Ventricola sp030535375
s__UBA9145 sp030752195
s__Niallia sp023168165
s__VFKP01 sp009885495
s__Wenyingzhuangia fucanilytica
s__CAG-590 sp015057325
s__Aureibaculum sp947500525
s__Methylotenera_A sp027487055
s__Arthrobacter sp028370155
s__Planktophila sp947490625
s__TCS52 sp001577215
s__Sulfuricystis sp013388985
s__Acetatifactor sp022799755
s__JANWLJ01 sp025450955
s__JAQGLK01 sp028292925
s__GWF2-35-48 sp016212695
s__Algibacter_C aquatica
s__M3007 sp017303475
s__CAIKXV01 sp947457885
s__UBA5905 sp937902305
s__DYLA01 sp020722265
s__UBA1201 sp017543445
s__Pseudoroseomonas sp028288745
s__JAJDBB01 sp029261575
s__Maribacter_C sp947497145
s__Reyranella sp016870055
s__PALSA-1295 sp003151825
s__RBG-16-56-11 sp001796865
s__Cryosericum sp013824685
s__JAEUHS01 sp016794425
s__Cytobacillus firmus_A
s__MAG-120531 sp024643325
s__JANYJL01 sp025361845
s__Pseudothioglobus sp000213395
s__Streptomyces sp026340655
s__Flaviaesturariibacter sp004173235
s__Fodinibius sp913056235
s__CAMEJP01 sp945920185
s__JAADFP01 sp013152825
s__Bosea sp026020075
s__Methylibium sp013817345
s__Blastococcus sp023016265
s__UBA7672 sp016125405
s__CALALP01 sp937925515
s__JANWHV01 sp025450375
s__Psychrosphaera sp013373245
s__UBA7542 sp021780375
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas populi
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947631645
s__Mucilaginibacter sp014376655
s__Flavobacterium sp946482495
s__AG-337-I02 sp902541435
s__WRAF01 sp009780325
s__Ga0077523 sp001464695
s__Methyloceanibacter marginalis
s__UBA1306 sp002307245
s__Vicinibacter sp013140975
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902539115
s__JAJPHD01 sp021325455
s__Vreelandella sp001663515
s__Lacunisphaera sp016795565
s__JAKSBY01 sp022360855
s__Succiniclasticum sp937926555
s__Rubrobacter_D sp902806085
s__Maioricimonas rarisocia
s__DKR-5 sp018531425
s__UBA2214 sp002327255
s__DAOVDI01 sp030669585
s__RUG12783 sp946533175
s__JAITEJ01 sp031282095
s__GN02-873 sp938036655
s__Kaelpia imicola
s__Anoxynatronum buryatiense
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016283985
s__Campylobacter sp017940085
s__UBA2284 sp024650045
s__RGIG4079 sp017559355
s__Moryella sp938010625
s__DYIX01 sp020723425
s__Neobacillus bataviensis_A
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp944393255
s__JAUWNT01 sp030612495
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius_F
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017615615
s__WQXQ01 sp009785545
s__M55B132 sp018400295
s__RF16 sp017625155
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902621675
s__JAFTCA01 sp017454945
s__UBA1140 sp902727905
s__DAHXLK01 sp027366035
s__Saccharimonas sp905372855
s__CANPVN01 sp947581755
s__Ferruginibacter sp027484165
s__Serinicoccus chungangensis_A
s__Polaromonas sp026400075
s__2-12-FULL-45-12 sp001801665
s__Flavobacterium lotistagni
s__JACDHA01 sp013821315
s__Cryobacterium sp025463825
s__Mycobacterium sp028706695
s__GCA-002723415 sp002723415
s__JAGXLP01 sp021735245
s__Specibacter sp030540645
s__JAIRTG01 sp031255055
s__Oleisolibacter albus
s__Thermus caldilimi
s__JJ008 sp002352145
s__Fervidibacter sp030550565
s__JAUUZT01 sp030589825
s__CAG-302 sp934183705
s__OLB17 sp016716365
s__Planktotalea sp018607965
s__Ga0077530 sp001464855
s__2-02-FULL-46-11 sp001779955
s__Arthrobacter_D echini
s__Ornithinibacter sp029266735
s__Mariniblastus sp011523945
s__Baia sp900119485
s__JAUYKR01 sp030699855
s__Mycobacterium sp027706845
s__Chitinilyticum aquatile
s__UBA8290 sp003497445
s__Bacteriovorax sp946481315
s__UBA7971 sp902560705
s__Emergencia sp030537495
s__Urechidicola sp947501625
s__UBA4720 sp013816855
s__Aquirickettsiella sp949295795
s__Quinella sp905234195
s__JAEYOM01 sp023411715
s__YD12-FULL-57-12 sp001799275
s__Atlanticothrix silvestris
s__Nitratireductor_D arenosus
s__Harryflintia sp022793895
s__Actinomycetospora chibensis
s__RGIG1828 sp015069015
s__Sulfitobacter sp937923365
s__JAIFWI01 sp019661945
s__CALDZK01 sp027066255
s__JALYUC01 sp030853965
s__JABIAA01 sp018656485
s__Millisia brevis
s__CAG-791 sp946411695
s__UBA1752 sp017561145
s__RUG11977 sp024698555
s__JCVI-SCAAA005 sp029245725
s__JAGWKO01 sp028873295
s__JAAYYF01 sp019454765
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp013823945
s__Occallatibacter sp025353435
s__CAJXZP01 sp024398135
s__CAIOHW01 sp018968995
s__XBB1006 sp024694785
s__Chryseobacterium sp030146295
s__Microcoleus sp000317475
s__Anaerolinea sp023406965
s__Flavobacterium sp027483785
s__Pontiella sp016937035
s__JAUWHN01 sp030605865
s__SIG575 sp015066175
s__Pseudomonas_E sp028898945
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017557535
s__Saccharopolyspora subtropica
s__UBA9145 sp002714195
s__Blastopirellula retiformator
s__Pelagibacter sp905618895
s__JAAETI01 sp029287195
s__Bacteroides_H sp010500955
s__JAJPHE01 sp021325435
s__Neobacillus cucumis
s__BOG-1363 sp005801395
s__JAIRXA01 sp031277035
s__Hymenobacter coccineus
s__Vagococcus_C humatus
s__JN-9 sp029256485
s__Sinomonas notoginsengisoli
s__UBA2391 sp016788115
s__Butyrivibrio sp947169985
s__Sodalinema yuhuli
s__Pseudoduganella sp024437665
s__UBA1664 sp030427215
s__Flexifilum sp020848855
s__UPXZ01 sp012523295
s__JAUWIG01 sp030605475
s__S139-92 sp026995045
s__Desulfosarcina widdelii
s__UBA2834 sp947307445
s__CALRHK01 sp943359475
s__RYN-133 sp025963285
s__Variovorax sp018241225
s__AG-414-E02 sp905612415
s__JAIRMY01 sp031258335
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017453565
s__SHWF01 sp009693795
s__Algoriphagus terrigena
s__SIG603 sp030526115
s__CAMLKC01 sp946479025
s__Enterousia sp017475605
s__Kitasatospora sp020103755
s__Coproplasma sp949283125
s__Desulfovibrio intestinalis
s__UBA952 sp913031405
s__Microvirga subterranea
s__Halothece sp018610095
s__RUG11257 sp017551785
s__KLAP211 sp963169855
s__JAGLYZ01 sp030612885
s__UBA12478 sp002793515
s__Sulfurimonas sp028714655
s__Halovulum sp937900975
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017438975
s__CACIJG01 sp902611475
s__VXRD01 sp022822565
s__GCA-2746885 sp018061705
s__CAKSUT01 sp934502885
s__PNNG01 sp013824115
s__TC-195 sp010092885
s__Mucilaginibacter celer
s__Ilyobacter polytropus
s__Telluria sp015101885
s__UBA6522 sp002311835
s__Luteolibacter sp027484055
s__UBA2286 sp004348925
s__PCC-6312 sp000316685
s__Methylophaga sp947631375
s__Seinonella peptonophila
s__Baekduia woesei_A
s__Maribacter_B sp947495965
s__DTU087 sp012510855
s__PCC-7502 sp000317085
s__WQXQ01 sp031286095
s__Flavobacterium sp947457615
s__R2A130 sp937958815
s__UBA1174 sp023398295
s__Prevotella sp934219025
s__JAHXGM01 sp019923605
s__Butyricicoccus sp020025885
s__Thiosulfativibrio zosterae
s__NORP324 sp024642805
s__Vescimonas sp030529655
s__Beduini sp902363625
s__UBA922 sp002293825
s__CAMYMQ01 sp947259335
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031262135
s__Psychrosphaera aestuarii
s__Kmv34 sp014859225
s__SLAD01 sp007126995
s__JAGQPT01 sp020426575
s__CACIIZ01 sp902625475
s__RUG369 sp017441605
s__CANRDQ01 sp947623665
s__UBA5200 sp938004315
s__Treponema_D sp902803735
s__CAG-465 sp947628005
s__CAIUVD01 sp947470885
s__PMG-095 sp029266615
s__Ureaplasma sp020024695
s__JANYBT01 sp025360645
s__JAAZXR01 sp938084085
s__Palsa-295 sp030037525
s__JARIHJ01 sp029288335
s__Polarisedimenticola svalbardensis
s__RGIG3102 sp020024185
s__CAMCTV01 sp947504275
s__Collinsella sp019419505
s__Bin18 sp022826945
s__Neorhizobium sp900472675
s__CAIYMF01 sp903927265
s__JABFRJ01 sp025359005
s__Pseudomonas_E sp946885885
s__WQXQ01 sp009787835
s__Collinsella sp018376265
s__JAAOIJ01 sp015163815
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023074055
s__Denitrobaculum sp947493695
s__Desulfotomaculum ferrireducens
s__Bog-756 sp030838245
s__Alkaliphilus_C peptidifermentans
s__Chryseobacterium indologenes_F
s__Rhodococcus yunnanensis
s__Caballeronia catudaia
s__Hydrogenobaculum sp002341805
s__JAFGEI01 sp016931695
s__Jeotgalibacillus alimentarius
s__Paraburkholderia sp017104715
s__JANQFK01 sp028277885
s__MGBC139354 sp947631345
s__QQUE01 sp008501545
s__JAJZAM01 sp021808425
s__SFMI01 sp902764185
s__Prochlorococcus_B marinus_E
s__Corynebacterium uropygiale
s__JAFUYI01 sp017937705
s__Arthrobacter_F sp005047635
s__B51-G9 sp029933535
s__CALAJQ01 sp937922785
s__Eubacterium_Q sp900110635
s__Parvibaculum lavamentivorans
s__Kribbella pittospori
s__Hydrogenovibrio sp001507535
s__Limimorpha sp905233685
s__Limosilactobacillus sp945971245
s__Brevibacterium permense
s__JACQIO01 sp016198415
s__Collinsella sp905200715
s__UBA7916 sp002320385
s__Prochlorococcus_D marinus_B
s__Geodermatophilus nigrescens
s__B1SED10-245 sp003552425
s__Anaerococcus ihuae
s__UBA3282 sp947586255
s__Thermocrinis sp028276475
s__CAKSDT01 sp934446135
s__PSRN01 sp019637875
s__Ruminococcus sp029007035
s__JAHEIJ01 sp024639445
s__Virgibacillus_E oceani
s__Marinobacter gudaonensis
s__JANQRO01 sp028284525
s__Nocardia vaccinii
s__GCA-002733105 sp024636315
s__DUPG01 sp012511925
s__Anaerofilum sp944385945
s__JAJDXW01 sp958296085
s__RBG-16-49-21 sp001829495
s__Erwinia sp003512805
s__Ruminococcus sp016287535
s__JANQQC01 sp028285145
s__Vicingus sp016183805
s__Paratissierella segnis
s__Limivicinus sp902790375
s__Roseibium sp030732845
s__UBA5578 sp947629315
s__RFZI01 sp030827165
s__UBA9959 sp001799845
s__JAQUNY01 sp028717405
s__UBA2386 sp016872675
s__Paraneptunicella aestuarii
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946004305
s__Desulfovibrio sp017613715
s__JAJVII01 sp022072085
s__Gramella sp029937855
s__Collinsella sp902465265
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sp025515455
s__Pseudonocardia acaciae
s__CAIJYI01 sp023229825
s__JAIEPU01 sp019748235
s__JAQVET01 sp028697615
s__Alistipes sp947629705
s__Pseudorivibacter rhizosphaerae
s__Maribacter spongiicola
s__TMED58 sp905181755
s__Siminovitchia sp009928435
s__JANJTY01 sp024710865
s__UBA710 sp014803855
s__Luteibacter sp018889975
s__Caldimicrobium thiodismutans
s__MIBK01 sp001829505
s__Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus
s__JAQVGG01 sp028696815
s__CALBZG01 sp937889655
s__Ascidiaceihabitans donghaensis
s__Bifidobacterium sp012932375
s__WHSM01 sp009380105
s__Arenimonas sp022842045
s__Nitrospira_D sp005793285
s__JAEMPZ01 sp027365515
s__Brojett037 sp016861265
s__Prevotella sp946410305
s__CAIYXB01 sp903930015
s__SpSt-77 sp025060135
s__JACYLR01 sp015272465
s__DTU064 sp947631245
s__JAGHBT01 sp030621255
s__UBA4096 sp945890905
s__CAINDO01 sp903847385
s__JACKJF01 sp020638095
s__Nitrincola sp007125745
s__JAFDMD01 sp029939135
s__Hyphomonas sp002282565
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029714405
s__S010-51 sp015488785
s__CAHJWH01 sp937863535
s__UBA10428 sp016935435
s__Collinsella sp958436995
s__Halalkalibacter_A solitudinis
s__JAFUXM01 sp017405525
s__JABDBI01 sp013288705
s__SG8-40 sp020354125
s__Enterousia sp017935245
s__DTU059 sp003535195
s__JAJBSZ01 sp031278535
s__KM106-2 sp905214875
s__QAMH01 sp902783925
s__Allorhizobium sp029865885
s__UBA1822 sp958439155
s__Coprovivens sp949425635
s__JASHUC01 sp030043215
s__JAADEQ01 sp013153675
s__Mxb001 sp016870425
s__Cyclobacterium sp010993705
s__UBA1844 sp913055625
s__JACQZI01 sp020051675
s__UBA964 sp017853175
s__Parasporobacterium paucivorans
s__JAISJW01 sp031261175
s__JAHJDO01 sp030671985
s__Sinosporangium album
s__JAEWCI01 sp023390705
s__Collinsella sp018368345
s__JAFDKF01 sp030668505
s__JACRID01 sp016220145
s__JAAYXE01 sp012516075
s__AG-337-I02 sp902573325
s__Acerihabitans arboris
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017479265
s__G020353215 sp020353215
s__Thiobacillus sp024708915
s__Roseovarius aestuarii_A
s__Pseudanabaena sp026785865
s__G020350445 sp020350445
s__Villigracilis sp030824405
s__Agathobaculum sp019421385
s__Sodaliphilus sp017553785
s__UBA4720 sp013813605
s__UBA9715 sp902781245
s__Paludibacter sp947445425
s__JAIRKI01 sp031264605
s__Bradyrhizobium japonicum_F
s__WVYX01 sp020350425
s__Limosilactobacillus sp947387495
s__Limnohabitans sp945901665
s__Acrocarpospora macrocephala
s__WOUV01 sp028281845
s__RBG-13-53-26 sp017885485
s__GCA-001735895 sp022545625
s__Alienimonas californiensis
s__Bilifractor sp017459675
s__Oceaniglobus sp009992615
s__Thiothrix nivea
s__CALVGN01 sp944326175
s__JAMCRM01 sp023380575
s__Hymenobacter sp030853985
s__Oligosphaera sp012799755
s__Alkalihalobacterium sp017745675
s__Sphingomonas_D sanxanigenens
s__Flavobacterium sp016714905
s__SKFT01 sp007117865
s__CANIGJ01 sp945877815
s__JAITMY01 sp031258915
s__Ostreibacterium oceani
s__Halarcobacter sp001895145
s__JABAQZ01 sp019187405
s__JAIVGZ01 sp020201335
s__JAUIKZ01 sp030433125
s__Flavonifractor sp944383135
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949295675
s__Alkalicoccus saliphilus
s__VMFP01 sp007376145
s__Bu26 sp014896305
s__Sideroxyarcus sp027310665
s__Yeosuana sp024641135
s__Coproplasma sp014805025
s__UBA1213 sp902783855
s__WFQV01 sp027013735
s__JAUYQG01 sp030695645
s__RUG806 sp017443805
s__Limimorpha sp017549805
s__UBA1067 sp946628745
s__VGEJ01 sp016869335
s__JACPEJ01 sp016183565
s__Limnocylindrus sp009692905
s__Fundidesulfovibrio putealis
s__RGIG7384 sp017559305
s__Streptococcus cristatus_E
s__JAFGKZ01 sp016928315
s__Azonexus sp031260295
s__JAKFWF01 sp021730785
s__Streptomyces durocortorensis
s__Brachyspira pilosicoli_A
s__MWH-TA3 sp021741825
s__UBA2353 sp022844575
s__Thiodiazotropha sp016842065
s__Pontibacter sp947499215
s__Ghiorsea sp947311495
s__Desulfomicrobium sp009930495
s__JACCZA01 sp013696185
s__Promicromonospora sp030209445
s__JARBUG01 sp029239785
s__Palsa-744 sp030043235
s__Micromonospora fenicalii
s__Telluria cavernae
s__JANKMX01 sp937951995
s__UMGS687 sp028701635
s__Lutimonas sp905479625
s__JACPUX01 sp026646885
s__Thiobacillus sp002281975
s__Desulfatitalea alkaliphila
s__Maribacter litopenaei
s__UBA4372 sp946415645
s__UBA1740 sp017556685
s__WRKP01 sp031259095
s__Thiomonas sp028870715
s__UMGS1663 sp012513065
s__UBA10103 sp019247335
s__JAFGAM01 sp016933675
s__Chitinophaga sp019285755
s__Nocardioides sp001428565
s__Tamlana_A carrageenivorans
s__Pseudoxanthomonas sp023391775
s__QIAA01 sp003224905
s__Polaromonas sp014376885
s__Lactiplantibacillus dongliensis
s__UBA6168 sp016124585
s__JAKJEP01 sp029573975
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281645
s__Ideonella sp004359425
s__Paenochrobactrum sp023387715
s__Pedobacter_A sp014380615
s__E44-bin46 sp030605575
s__Microbacter sp027364655
s__JAADEW01 sp013153205
s__Nanosynbacter sp947095985
s__Villigracilis sp030834895
s__Rhizobium mayense
s__Venteria ishoeyi
s__ZC4RG19 sp016936035
s__UBA3077 sp029938175
s__RGVC01 sp010027485
s__UBA6144 sp021299675
s__JACDBE01 sp013695075
s__Weimeria sp024693455
s__Caulobacter sp003185805
s__Acinetobacter apis
s__JAGOOR01 sp017992415
s__CAKVLG01 sp934756675
s__PALSA-911 sp903847525
s__1-14-0-10-41-10 sp002773695
s__WHUE01 sp009377375
s__JAPLPE01 sp026400355
s__Sorangium cellulosum_G
s__Winogradskyella haliclonae
s__CAINFA01 sp903847955
s__JAIMBG01 sp023511555
s__VSOB01 sp946061355
s__MGBC163490 sp021768625
s__JAIRTF01 sp031265345
s__Pelagibacter sp002457485
s__79-D21 sp029267465
s__UBA636 sp946537295
s__Hyphomicrobium_B methylovorum
s__Paenibacillus_G sp031180825
s__Propionibacterium cyclohexanicum
s__JACOUE01 sp016178045
s__Eubacterium_F sp934322085
s__Caballeronia hypogeia
s__Flagellimonas sp013911645
s__UBA964 sp009923475
s__UBA5272 sp030837425
s__UBA2174 sp937982505
s__JAHISC01 sp018818445
s__Paenibacillus_F lutrae
s__Arthrobacter celericrescens
s__Dryocola colo
s__SHYR01 sp030745285
s__MED-G14 sp003331875
s__Microbacterium sp017939615
s__Clostridium_H sp026738875
s__Lysobacter segetis
s__Stappia sp023507705
s__CAIOLF01 sp903859075
s__Palsa-295 sp030038275
s__Roseibacillus_B sp014240355
s__Scytolyngbya sp019359045
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_H
s__JAISAK01 sp031276615
s__UBA8904 sp009668925
s__UBA3637 sp934216505
s__SYFI01 sp016780995
s__DG-27 sp001302725
s__Streptomyces sp031181705
s__Microbacter sp030706455
s__Cellulophaga tyrosinoxydans
s__SYIM01 sp023253905
s__T78 sp012514645
s__JAFUYV01 sp017476945
s__Gordonia sp016919385
s__JAFGQL01 sp016935695
s__AV69 sp003218525
s__Tenacibaculum sp947502995
s__AC-52 sp005885015
s__AG-337-I02 sp902538155
s__Lepagella sp023665575
s__Actibacterium_D sp025751515
s__JADLHG01 sp020848905
s__HGM04593 sp017481875
s__Acidiferrobacter sp027449165
s__Sodaliphilus sp937892085
s__JAABQT01 sp027624175
s__Gleimia sp030537615
s__UBA5456 sp021206555
s__Streptomyces sp000720145
s__JdFR-85 sp002011745
s__Nesterenkonia xinjiangensis
s__QNZC01 sp026985705
s__Limivicinus sp905233595
s__UBA4421 sp009936895
s__GCA-002733465 sp019090895
s__RF16 sp017503075
s__JAQVEM01 sp028697935
s__Defluviitalea phaphyphila
s__JABMPV01 sp013202595
s__CADEEL01 sp016124255
s__Granulicatella sp937891475
s__Phreatobacter sp016793595
s__Anaeroplasma sp905236965
s__Pelagibacter sp902526595
s__Specibacter psychrolactophilus
s__Pararheinheimera sp004005375
s__Ruminococcus sp947301925
s__Pelagicoccus sp031127835
s__JACRIC01 sp016235915
s__JJ008 sp026785745
s__RGIG3102 sp017560985
s__JAEINS01 sp016342755
s__CADEFT01 sp902826685
s__Monoglobus sp947585115
s__Leptospira tipperaryensis
s__Ventricola sp017458865
s__NORP294 sp016763995
s__Bradyrhizobium manausense_D
s__JAGOVW01 sp018060545
s__CALMBF01 sp937860145
s__Flagellimonas sp030148305
s__Desulfatirhabdium butyrativorans
s__JAFGUQ01 sp030592085
s__JASEHL01 sp030018805
s__Modestobacter sp900107175
s__VGFA01 sp031082185
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp028280505
s__Paucisalibacillus caprae
s__M0108 sp020851955
s__Marinobacterium_C sp913057435
s__Streptobacillus ratti
s__JdFR-97 sp002010915
s__JALXFI01 sp027069035
s__Vibrio sinus
s__JAGQNO01 sp028286405
s__Microbacterium sp900078385
s__JANLFS01 sp024655925
s__Nesterenkonia halotolerans
s__SIO1A7 sp010672965
s__JAEUQL01 sp016789295
s__AAA044-D11 sp945876865
s__Luteimicrobium subarcticum
s__Gemmatimonas sp016742275
s__Hydrococcus rivularis
s__Aquaticitalea sp002426015
s__Streptomyces sp021696945
s__Stercorousia sp947624975
s__Streptomyces sp018614415
s__Streptomyces sp014495685
s__NK4A136 sp902779395
s__Halalkalibacter suaedae
s__Roseibium sp017643215
s__SPBW01 sp028277345
s__Streptomyces monashensis
s__Pedobacter sp002333205
s__CAG-177 sp017548045
s__Alcaligenes sp023440825
s__Methylovulum sp030689765
s__Bartonella sp002022505
s__Ch27 sp013178165
s__Alistipes sp017937805
s__Pedobacter sp017745075
s__CAIWMF01 sp021733705
s__JAJYPG01 sp021795535
s__DTU013 sp012519745
s__JAHDHN01 sp020631295
s__46-80 sp003485325
s__Rhizomicrobium sp017307355
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024749045
s__UBA969 sp026692965
s__WQXN01 sp031256175
s__BOG-224 sp003139735
s__CAINDZ01 sp903912525
s__Nordella sp003576695
s__Microbacterium oleivorans_C
s__Desulfomicrobium sp002412965
s__Streptomyces sp017948485
s__HGM11372 sp934747805
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016699575
s__JADGGM01 sp019689955
s__Tepidimonas sp937949455
s__Achromobacter sp003454835
s__MGML01 sp020343555
s__Brevundimonas viscosa
s__Thermanaerothrix sp938028735
s__PSRF01 sp030947265
s__Phil1 sp902475645
s__Bradyrhizobium uaiense
s__Acetobacteroides hydrogenigenes
s__Paenisporosarcina quisquiliarum
s__JALSNJ01 sp027025175
s__Vannielia sp006351965
s__Mycobacterium sp014873705
s__Tabrizicola sp027489175
s__Mycobacterium palauense
s__CAG-177 sp017428525
s__Rhodoferax_C sp013297935
s__Gemmiger sp019420135
s__UBA1433 sp002423395
s__Reyranella sp902825855
s__M55B113 sp018400675
s__Thermosediminibacter oceani
s__Bact-19 sp902800045
s__Quinella sp937916025
s__JACQTL01 sp016210805
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902525585
s__Xenococcus sp000332055
s__Faecenecus sp947630415
s__GCA-002050365 sp026786155
s__JALHOP01 sp022842935
s__SZUA-51 sp021648125
s__CG2-30-64-16 sp002842085
s__UBA1752 sp022508745
s__Desulfobacter sp022361395
s__UBA1934 sp018262285
s__Niveispirillum sp009495745
s__Treponema_D sp017614295
s__CALFMR01 sp937880585
s__JACRIK01 sp016235865
s__Flexilinea sp938020565
s__Mycobacterium sp001984215
s__Qipengyuania sp023394965
s__JAAXHF01 sp021296095
s__Bacillus_BS pinisoli
s__Treponema_D sp024691105
s__VBCG01 sp027307095
s__UBA8752 sp937967465
s__Palsa-504 sp030040475
s__GCA-2683825 sp002683825
s__TMED54 sp902622745
s__Paucilactobacillus kaifaensis
s__Niabella aurantiaca
s__GCA-016700095 sp016700095
s__Merdimonas sp019424135
s__RUG11198 sp934132915
s__RFNO01 sp009927005
s__RF16 sp902799875
s__UBA2210 sp019313905
s__WRDG01 sp009783525
s__DAHXNQ01 sp027365315
s__Actinomarina sp902593475
s__CAG-266 sp949295115
s__CAG-177 sp002315935
s__MGBC124762 sp947624895
s__Photobacterium profundum_A
s__Caulobacter sp947479185
s__Rhodoferax sp018780565
s__HGM04593 sp017462065
s__Thioglobus_C sp015658965
s__Hylemonella gracilis_B
s__CANEHT01 sp947427385
s__JABMMZ01 sp947450015
s__Flavobacterium sp945873505
s__Saccharofermentans sp947304405
s__UBA4720 sp023249395
s__JAABTT01 sp011389765
s__CADEED01 sp023433705
s__JADJTT01 sp020636275
s__Microbacterium sp025143365
s__Flavobacterium cloacae
s__Sphingomonas pokkalii
s__Sutcliffiella_A rhizosphaerae
s__BQJD01 sp030429665
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000291805
s__Pelagibacter sp902537555
s__JAFKKF01 sp017305635
s__Cellulomonas biazotea
s__JAGUYX01 sp020061145
s__CAITOL01 sp014377905
s__Trichococcus alkaliphilus
s__Mycobacterium sp963378105
s__Propionicimonas sp023437345
s__RGIG7067 sp944384895
s__JAIFLK01 sp020049115
s__WRGF01 sp009787345
s__Tannerella sp031275525
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947625495
s__Fibrobacter sp946414075
s__JAKIU001 sp024228495
s__TMED-70 sp029940375
s__JAJDCZ01 sp029260555
s__Aquabacterium soli
s__JALHMU01 sp022843885
s__Thioglobus_A vulcanius
s__JACQRB01 sp016206685
s__JAOSJT01 sp027493955
s__CAIYID01 sp013286585
s__Aquincolibacterium sp022709525
s__WRMQ01 sp031273905
s__Pontiella sp029432795
s__C7867-001 sp021731495
s__JABBNV01 sp019352125
s__Bacillus_AD faecalis
s__UBA2383 sp022709365
s__Comamonas testosteroni_E
s__CALZJD01 sp945788685
s__Collinsella sp905196265
s__Occallatibacter sp003134815
s__Paenibacillus wynnii_A
s__RPQS01 sp003818605
s__Brevibacillus antibioticus
s__Alistipes sp944321945
s__JALXDB01 sp026990615
s__Fen-1258 sp007280825
s__JAIRKV01 sp031277925
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902573565
s__Arachnia sp947493995
s__UBA3700 sp946545105
s__JAGOMW01 sp017993345
s__Hassallia sp002218085
s__CAJCJG01 sp903970625
s__Thalassospira alkalitolerans
s__GWB2-37-7 sp029256325
s__Nonomuraea antri
s__JAAOIF01 sp015163925
s__CASICS01 sp902523885
s__E44-bin32 sp030668545
s__WHTB01 sp009379735
s__Marinisoma sp902624575
s__Nodosilinea sp015295885
s__RF16 sp024399965
s__AG-414-E02 sp902607525
s__E44-bin89 sp016783105
s__UBA6987 sp017430085
s__Phenylobacterium sp030681155
s__BACL27 sp947488385
s__MS024-2A sp023262245
s__Phytoplasma sp005774685
s__Gemmata sp013822345
s__Herbidospora mongoliensis
s__Gallimonas sp947629845
s__Allorhizobium sp023701945
s__UBA1715 sp017552705
s__GJ-E10 sp021778935
s__SZUA-3 sp003232185
s__Shewanella sediminis
s__C7867-001 sp001781715
s__Sphingomonas sp001421505
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017406745
s__Collinsella sp937923795
s__CAG-433 sp944358265
s__UBA1545 sp028713325
s__Pelagibacter sp902559935
s__JAISIR01 sp031261985
s__C7867-001 sp001781915
s__GCA-002793235 sp029251425
s__JADLEU01 sp020845955
s__UBA2239 sp002347615
s__Olegusella sp000466405
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004519305
s__JAGQUM01 sp963169235
s__CASBQJ01 sp949127925
s__62-47 sp020441545
s__Syntrophotalea sp002452265
s__Aquicultor sp030018005
s__Sedimenticola thiotaurini
s__Tharpella sp029935295
s__JAILZL01 sp023512475
s__BM002 sp020347625
s__Lutibacter sp004195315
s__Aquimarina sp947498455
s__Planktophila sp903920065
s__Chitinolyticbacter meiyuanensis
s__Hydrogenophaga sp002001205
s__Emergencia sp028727785
s__Pedobacter zeaxanthinifaciens
s__CAJOJO01 sp905235045
s__Gemmatimonas phototrophica_A
s__DYOJ01 sp020718265
s__Eubacterium limosum_B
s__Scatovivens sp947627185
s__CALJLD01 sp028066245
s__GJ-E10 sp900290335
s__JAGRPD01 sp029865835
s__Suilimivivens muri
s__Polaromonas sp947505915
s__GCA-012562765 sp012563145
s__CAG-492 sp947624525
s__M30B81 sp018401215
s__Novosphingobium sp937860195
s__Asaia prunellae
s__JAKLJW01 sp023150935
s__CALZGZ01 sp947258495
s__RUG666 sp902788085
s__AG-337-I02 sp902604905
s__Phytoplasma sp028595955
s__Palsa-187 sp947467395
s__CANFHS01 sp947446835
s__GWF2-33-9 sp001804565
s__Acidocella sp021779655
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_S
s__UBA6177 sp002422875
s__Tyloplasma sp001641225
s__Tardiphaga sp002256345
s__UBA6055 sp026707665
s__RUG099 sp024403035
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp002026165
s__Pontiella sp004299845
s__UBA6099 sp029573925
s__Paracoccus sp009674885
s__PWZK01 sp003567495
s__Collinsella sp902496645
s__2-12-FULL-40-12 sp001823315
s__Rhodococcus sp024438035
s__JAUVPZ01 sp030598395
s__JABURQ01 sp029243145
s__Enterococcus_A pseudoavium
s__UBA4466 sp024280195
s__WLMZ01 sp025463305
s__VMGX01 sp007376805
s__JAIRZO01 sp031267195
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp009782265
s__WFNF01 sp015488775
s__Ornithinimicrobium sp030537745
s__Erwinia sp000599885
s__Metabacillus bambusae
s__QNZT01 sp015489185
s__JACREN01 sp016218255
s__Polynucleobacter sp018687095
s__Cellulomonas rhizosphaerae
s__Lacisediminimonas sp028292545
s__Oryzisolibacter propanilivorax
s__UMGS1766 sp019420945
s__UBA1546 sp003599795
s__JAUNJZ01 sp030533085
s__JAIRLU01 sp031258005
s__CAG-269 sp944391795
s__JAIORY01 sp030630005
s__28-YEA-48 sp903847605
s__FW021-bin31 sp004299085
s__Prevotella sp902785695
s__Paenibacillus_Z sp019550795
s__SLRF01 sp007131065
s__Zeaxanthinibacter sp028464225
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882335
s__CAG-269 sp944391755
s__Petralouisia sp949292785
s__Barnesiella_A sp017555825
s__WRKV01 sp009785505
s__Mucilaginibacter sp013288485
s__Bifidobacterium platyrrhinorum
s__RBG-16-40-8 sp020434645
s__JACRLV01 sp016235145
s__DAOURC01 sp030625575
s__UMGS1994 sp947303785
s__Lentilactobacillus kosonis
s__UBA4592 sp945885645
s__UBA5189 sp004298915
s__JAKSBI01 sp022361215
s__UBA2336 sp019638275
s__JACPRR01 sp016189825
s__UBA1924 sp020427395
s__UBA3254 sp028718465
s__SIG307 sp017938405
s__Competibacter_A sp016712625
s__Rubellimicrobium aerolatum
s__RDZD01 sp013299045
s__JAMXLG01 sp019232905
s__Rhodoluna sp947447395
s__Coprococcus sp029338615
s__Hydrogenothermus sp027052485
s__Collinsella sp900758475
s__JAHDBA01 sp020630615
s__Pelagibacter sp902532565
s__UBA4971 sp012841305
s__Ruminiclostridium sp000244875
s__Phenylobacterium sp025359785
s__JAKFWI01 sp021731965
s__Neorhizobium sp902167985
s__DTYK01 sp012961925
s__MS024-2A sp902616905
s__JACQRW01 sp016206285
s__CANRMC01 sp947631605
s__Hwanghaeella grinnelliae
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024699055
s__Enterenecus sp002161235
s__Paraburkholderia sp001319865
s__2-02-FULL-43-11-A sp018062605
s__JAJACQ01 sp945872565
s__Pelagibacter sp902551985
s__ASP10-02a sp905182035
s__Flavobacterium sp011751075
s__Prevotella sp024695705
s__PHAN01 sp030018875
s__RGIG3171 sp017439805
s__Agromyces sp031178045
s__CAMAGA01 sp945833955
s__Paludibacter sp945902955
s__DSBX01 sp016935775
s__Sebaldella sp018058425
s__MSPOR6 sp022822275
s__UBA1711 sp017451385
s__Erythrobacter sp027533455
s__RS62 sp937893415
s__UBA2645 sp945865745
s__CAINWE01 sp947463705
s__UBA5905 sp017520705
s__Baumannia cicadellinicola_C
s__UBA3766 sp017473115
s__Butyrivibrio sp015056625
s__Paenibacillus_A sp023704175
s__Pelagibacter sp902596675
s__CAIJKW01 sp903821355
s__D2-FULL-39-29 sp026388015
s__JADGDT01 sp016744755
s__Spiroplasma_D ixodetis
s__Hominilimicola sp022509025
s__CF-121 sp005880615
s__Xanthobacter autotrophicus_B
s__Rhodospira sp028277295
s__Electronema sp026645415
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp945878725
s__VFJL01 sp945888885
s__BH17 sp016845285
s__JAJPKG01 sp027459785
s__Duganella sp013408245
s__Formosa haliotis
s__JAENWO01 sp016649925
s__Pontibacter mucosus
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944376685
s__SZUA-540 sp003250235
s__SCSY01 sp004298625
s__Arthrobacter_D frigidicola
s__V1-115 sp945883495
s__Proteiniphilum sp021372865
s__SFTH01 sp019419995
s__Dyella_A thiooxydans
s__DTER01 sp014360995
s__Sphingopyxis sp017745175
s__CAJLXD01 sp944390265
s__Sphingomonas sp005773165
s__SHNF01 sp004295085
s__Daejeonella sp030695525
s__Desulforadius tongensis
s__Algorimicrobium sp023205095
s__JALSIO01 sp026989995
s__JAJRQE01 sp029932585
s__Gramella sabulilitoris
s__MEUV01 sp001772575
s__CAG-196 sp902763805
s__Rhodoluna sp024641985
s__Pantoea sp009830035
s__Caccopulliclostridium sp944350095
s__SbD1 sp023442755
s__UBA941 sp002293365
s__Hylemonella gracilis
s__SSEL01 sp008012315
s__Prevotella sp022511075
s__JAIRSX01 sp031289855
s__Paraburkholderia sp024206495
s__Fen-1064 sp026389745
s__Saccharofermentans sp024692105
s__S139-18 sp022447185
s__JAHFLF01 sp023244975
s__Flavobacterium sp027490375
s__Neorhizobium sp023393575
s__Geomonas propionica
s__CAIJLM01 sp945878775
s__Rubrivivax sp030681795
s__UBA10518 sp024278495
s__Stercorousia sp949296425
s__Polynucleobacter campilacus
s__JAHHLP01 sp018679295
s__CAJORE01 sp905236595
s__Kitasatospora aureofaciens_A
s__WRNU01 sp031258035
s__CAJBLF01 sp023245855
s__JAHJRU01 sp018830745
s__YN15 sp003285005
s__JACQUZ01 sp016210055
s__Bin87 sp958296225
s__UBA2376 sp005779305
s__JACQKH01 sp016204585
s__VBCG01 sp025981645
s__UMGS1865 sp017463405
s__CALVJF01 sp947624955
s__UBA4421 sp003230835
s__Hyphomicrobium_B sp017512425
s__JAKPVM01 sp029572555
s__Lutibacter sp018054895
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp023388675
s__Eubacterium_R sp014799585
s__Azomonas sp030602315
s__Methylotenera sp020622105
s__Persicobacter sp947498325
s__JABMNX01 sp016186705
s__JAKSBE01 sp030066685
s__UBA967 sp026398255
s__Halobacillus faecis
s__Dolichospermum sp903848645
s__HGW-1 sp002841625
s__Superficieibacter sp002421005
s__Methylobacterium goesingense
s__Streptomyces sp000718785
s__JAFGRR01 sp016935035
s__Pseudorhodoferax sp913776795
s__VAYN01 sp005885405
s__SCQP01 sp025450725
s__Vibrio sp030730965
s__Halothiobacillus sp001663815
s__JAGOUN01 sp027486005
s__MWEI01 sp021372395
s__Collinsella sp905214615
s__Polaribacter sp947500975
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946539105
s__CANRCE01 sp947629035
s__Brevundimonas sp002479325
s__Lautropia sp030527825
s__HIMB100 sp002348585
s__Billgrantia lactosivorans
s__Actinoplanes sp023544445
s__VXNE01 sp028821035
s__Bosea sp001295925
s__WGA-3G sp951828385
s__DUPM01 sp012838315
s__JAFEBO01 sp019744815
s__UBA1161 sp002311745
s__Rhizomicrobium sp013697055
s__Variovorax sp014302995
s__JAEZOG01 sp023414155
s__Aquisediminimonas sp024645025
s__Occallatibacter gabretensis
s__JAHDCW01 sp020629675
s__Helicobacter_J sp002272895
s__JAGFXR01 sp017861365
s__Hymenobacter sp022701825
s__JABMSB01 sp013202205
s__PALSA-1440 sp903912925
s__Bin95 sp022826185
s__Anaerococcus sp030825785
s__Magnetospirillum sulfuroxidans
s__UBA11512 sp017465885
s__Aequorivita sp016649715
s__JAKQNG01 sp029565915
s__Anaerosoma sp022839745
s__Sodaliphilus sp017557625
s__JAAEUE01 sp028285595
s__Belnapia arida
s__Eubacterium_F sp948579355
s__SUG1456 sp029218505
s__Inediibacterium massiliense
s__RUG14300 sp946648015
s__BNZN01 sp031267245
s__Stercorousia sp947073645
s__DYEC01 sp020725865
s__Pararhodobacter sp020441345
s__CAG-269 sp947589645
s__Winogradskyella aurantiaca
s__Ferruginibacter sp002336815
s__UBA6249 sp020052635
s__Thalassobaculum_A sp000171835
s__JAJNNC01 sp021730635
s__Collinsella sp902470925
s__Flavobacterium undicola
s__Gemmobacter lanyuensis
s__SIG471 sp017441945
s__Pelagibacter sp905616435
s__JACQUA01 sp016210565
s__Meiothermus sp937863175
s__UBA2450 sp902800905
s__SKIL01 sp007116425
s__Psychrobacter arenosus
s__Aquirufa sp947459055
s__Flavobacterium sp002483285
s__WRGS01 sp009787075
s__JALSRD01 sp026984935
s__JAUIFA01 sp030429625
s__CAG-269 sp947623285
s__JAAYOA01 sp947253135
s__JAHDHB01 sp020631545
s__Pedococcus bigeumensis
s__Cryptoclostridium sp019415505
s__GCA-2729495 sp013001905
s__Subtercola boreus_C
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934725015
s__UBA3282 sp947625205
s__Litoreibacter ascidiaceicola
s__Sulfurospirillum_B sp014859645
s__SKUL01 sp937911795
s__JAJDOD01 sp030065075
s__Polyangium mundeleinium
s__Litorimicrobium taeanense
s__UBA6688 sp016192345
s__WLXB01 sp030835385
s__JAADHZ01 sp013151575
s__Emergencia sp947367725
s__Streptomyces sp004795105
s__RBG-16-42-24 sp001792115
s__Fimivivens sp017399785
s__CALKHT01 sp937988825
s__JAIRUA01 sp031254645
s__Methylacidimicrobium sp903064525
s__Nitrospira_D sp019636915
s__JAFUXM01 sp017448795
s__Lancefieldella sp015259025
s__JAAUOZ01 sp012034655
s__UBA8346 sp023435225
s__Aristaeella sp017447185
s__Sphingomonas hengshuiensis
s__Azonexus denitrificans_B
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947584965
s__Palsa-465 sp027449125
s__JAADDZ01 sp026984355
s__GCA-2728135 sp002714015
s__RGIG6969 sp017539635
s__SXYR01 sp947463755
s__JACDAE01 sp030854195
s__UWMA-0277 sp905182255
s__Scatovivens sp947627595
s__Ferruginibacter sp013141115
s__Amphibacillus_C jilinensis
s__Alloprevotella sp017478625
s__Pelagibacter sp902574525
s__Planktophila sp009704445
s__Yinghuangia soli
s__CADCTG01 sp902805625
s__UBA10566 sp017860255
s__Haloferula marinus
s__AV69 sp003221295
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp946887085
s__PALSA-1178 sp003167475
s__F1-20-MAGs160 sp018882825
s__JADJSS01 sp020636535
s__Sediminihabitans sp003752595
s__UBA3766 sp024403275
s__Novosphingobium profundi_A
s__JAGWAQ01 sp913056245
s__UBA4971 sp012689375
s__UBA7396 sp002470645
s__Serratia_A silvae
s__Pristimantibacillus harenae
s__XYB2-FULL-45-11 sp026395055
s__Aurantimonas aggregata
s__Pseudomonas_K stutzeri_A
s__QHCC01 sp030775705
s__JAAFJM01 sp013298895
s__Azovibrio sp031273565
s__CALXJE01 sp944388545
s__UBA910 sp026394775
s__DAOUYN01 sp030605305
s__UBA8670 sp003539375
s__DSVZ01 sp021839785
s__UBA5893 sp944376825
s__UBA6056 sp002429005
s__JAUXBQ01 sp030619365
s__UBA3766 sp902790275
s__Micavibrio_A sp963204715
s__Gallionella sp025362155
s__JAJZAL01 sp021799405
s__Pelobium sp004292865
s__JADFXT01 sp015233405
s__SHYP01 sp016875695
s__Faecisoma sp944332725
s__CALZHT01 sp945787445
s__Sphingomicrobium sp013812825
s__Limimorpha sp024400305
s__JAFGFF01 sp016931075
s__Limnohabitans sp947494405
s__UBA2284 sp002839095
s__UBA5951 sp902632595
s__Psychrilyobacter sp002084825
s__Aquidulcibacter sp945891505
s__Rhizobium sp900468535
s__Roseobacter ponti
s__Cytobacillus mesophilum
s__JAGVOQ01 sp020052645
s__JAHEZO01 sp023250995
s__UBA11891 sp938041595
s__JAICWY01 sp025934645
s__Ga0077536 sp023257255
s__CAKUMP01 sp934667795
s__Psittacicella sp003585885
s__Alkanindiges hydrocarboniclasticus
s__UBA9145 sp913060975
s__HGM04593 sp017522785
s__JAOWKX01 sp025751585
s__Parvularcula dongshanensis
s__JAUMXH01 sp030529225
s__Carnobacterium_A sp020431645
s__Longirhabdus pacifica
s__S017-3 sp027023145
s__Pontibacter sp005491705
s__Aeromicrobium sp014378035
s__S20-B6 sp014381945
s__2-12-FULL-69-37 sp016192135
s__Arthrobacter sp030209355
s__Pseudomonas_E putida_L
s__JABMPG01 sp013203855
s__Gallimonas sp944363045
s__JAJPKI01 sp030044395
s__Mucilaginibacter sp030445275
s__Stercorousia sp017633675
s__Stappia sp014252955
s__UBA6168 sp020848965
s__JANWIW01 sp025449695
s__JAUIEE01 sp030428965
s__Agromyces sp001429165
s__Collinsella sp934668875
s__Rariglobus sp025352985
s__CAKUOV01 sp934648845
s__CAG-793 sp947628885
s__JAISNN01 sp031273825
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017411385
s__RUG13038 sp016290885
s__Yeosuana marina
s__CALXDZ01 sp902478785
s__SACF01 sp009928665
s__JJ008 sp018268055
s__UBA1740 sp015064555
s__RBG-16-66-20 sp001770285
s__Lutibacter flavus_A
s__JAIRKW01 sp031257555
s__Prauserella alba
s__Methylobacter_C sp026399095
s__GCA-2753565 sp015232365
s__Paracoccus denitrificans_B
s__UBA9220 sp003519965
s__JANQEB01 sp028278605
s__CAJXRW01 sp913060525
s__CALBMD01 sp937896265
s__UBA877 sp009772985
s__JAAFKE01 sp013298215
s__UBA636 sp902795865
s__Thermopetrobacter sp011374735
s__JADZGD01 sp020854055
s__UBA1401 sp002305115
s__CAIMLU01 sp903842365
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403775
s__JACRCG01 sp028712665
s__Bosea psychrotolerans
s__Ureibacillus yapensis
s__Chlorobium sp013334225
s__Paenibacillus xylanexedens_A
s__Pelagibacter sp902528135
s__RGIG9670 sp024399115
s__Prevotella sp017478085
s__Streptomyces sp002237655
s__CAG-269 sp944386775
s__Oceaniglobus indicus
s__JAQVKF01 sp028694795
s__JASGCK01 sp025352965
s__Auraticoccus cholistanensis
s__UBA4372 sp017557475
s__Collinsella sp025993015
s__Tepidibacter_A sp934924865
s__Methylobacterium mesophilicum_A
s__Streptomyces sp026340305
s__Moorena sp010692395
s__Multivorans sp022824725
s__XYD12-FULL-50-9 sp001799225
s__Streptomyces glomeratus
s__UBA2336 sp015180985
s__JASJDM01 sp030065125
s__QOAL01 sp003978135
s__Pelagibacter sp902571525
s__CAIUKX01 sp943326315
s__Pauljensenia sp916438365
s__Tautonia plasticadhaerens
s__UBA2475 sp021323535
s__JAIEOP01 sp027489135
s__Perlucidibaca piscinae
s__Pelagibacter sp902563075
s__Nevskia sp021732705
s__JAFAFL01 sp023423535
s__Collinsella sp019424905
s__RUG11272 sp017508975
s__Porticoccus sp913062605
s__PALSA-926 sp021413445
s__JACNJF01 sp024225395
s__Arthrobacter_C sp000520495
s__JAOACQ01 sp026417755
s__Rhodoferax_B sp028292305
s__CASEYK01 sp949285325
s__JAFGPS01 sp016933295
s__GCA-2718035 sp902533035
s__Arctic96AD-7 sp028822475
s__Flavobacterium sp002483315
s__Rhodoferax sp002422455
s__Fen-1137 sp023438785
s__Desulfacyla sp030632525
s__Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus_A
s__Zhaonella formicivorans
s__Granulicella mallensis
s__28-YEA-48 sp947475995
s__Pseudomonas_E sp000631985
s__Desulfovibrio sp022508225
s__JAFGTX01 sp016938815
s__Otoolea sp958349075
s__UBA6053 sp029269125
s__UBA931 sp031260355
s__PSRF01 sp003175865
s__SZAS-1 sp018266075
s__Brevundimonas fluminis
s__Faeciplasma sp947630315
s__TWA4 sp902496125
s__CAITDR01 sp903891165
s__Dyadobacter sp009801115
s__Xiphinematobacter sp003176035
s__GCA-2696965 sp002696965
s__JADJXM01 sp937967285
s__UBA4334 sp017617575
s__Thiodiazotropha sp022360905
s__UBA7477 sp017848055
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp028871705
s__UBA11358 sp903842235
s__CAIUPE01 sp947454055
s__CAJCBL01 sp023447015
s__Nocardioides sp030432975
s__Versatilivorator sp026706225
s__JAQICO01 sp027858495
s__Stammera capleta_E
s__UBA8229 sp002686675
s__GCA-2700405 sp002700405
s__Gp6-AA40 sp023265015
s__JAKSSE01 sp024403255
s__Pelagibacter sp902536765
s__HIMB59 sp902538085
s__DUUE01 sp012841735
s__UBA1396 sp002305195
s__Streptomyces armeniacus
s__Butyrivibrio sp947168335
s__JABFXX01 sp023430775
s__LC2-1 sp030773875
s__EsbW-18 sp024653945
s__JASJEC01 sp030064845
s__JAILZF01 sp023512635
s__WQVC01 sp009781765
s__Arthrobacter albicanus
s__JAFUXM01 sp905236605
s__Maritalea sp913055925
s__Reyranella sp021732965
s__Mesomycoplasma_A procyoni
s__CAMBWO01 sp025357355
s__JABAAW01 sp014238315
s__MB11C04 sp938091675
s__WJMA01 sp014728175
s__Treponema_D sp024682655
s__CAIYHK01 sp017856815
s__Chlorobium sp903838025
s__JAPKYR01 sp026394215
s__Monashia sp023389095
s__Eisenibacter elegans
s__Rhodoferax_C sp029865845
s__UBA4096 sp027487685
s__JAQVMT01 sp028703495
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp002025975
s__Maribacter_B sp947500405
s__JACPPC01 sp016200495
s__Aurantibacter_A crassamenti
s__Sporomusa sp017889705
s__EFPC2 sp016925495
s__Roseococcus sp027487385
s__Desulfomonile tiedjei_A
s__MHLP01 sp002429425
s__Clostridium_AD sp002403785
s__Halomonas sp020201075
s__CAG-873 sp902462525
s__Glo-17 sp021767885
s__Algibacter_B sp937958265
s__Pontibacter mangrovi
s__UBA6183 sp025454975
s__Janthinobacterium sp002735705
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017461285
s__Lentilactobacillus kribbianus
s__SIG402 sp934272745
s__JAUWGZ01 sp030606165
s__Butyribacter sp022797375
s__Ottowia sp004299095
s__CAG-273 sp947623555
s__JAPPQH01 sp028817035
s__HyVt-105 sp011042635
s__JACKJA01 sp020638175
s__Mixta intestinalis
s__Lawsonibacter sp949295195
s__HRBIN35 sp002898235
s__JACKAP01 sp030430345
s__Hymenobacter lapidarius
s__Pedobacter yonginense
s__CV81 sp020446945
s__4484-7 sp002085285
s__UBA1774 sp947307505
s__RGIG8715 sp017622085
s__Agathobacter sp015057035
s__JAHDHH01 sp938001865
s__Granulicella sp014083945
s__Spirillospora sp008824145
s__Microcoleus asticus
s__Corynebacterium alimapuense
s__Scybalomonas sp949284175
s__UBA10281 sp902797945
s__Sulfurimonas sp021648465
s__Coprosoma sp944367495
s__Microbacterium sp031179285
s__Flexifilum sp016789005
s__CAG-269 sp947628925
s__Luteimonas_B weifangensis
s__Lentihominibacter sp017433375
s__JAJTHR01 sp013695355
s__PWNQ01 sp021740245
s__UBA2199 sp025456175
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp902634795
s__OFTM373 sp029260495
s__JAGVGA01 sp020057345
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum_H
s__Amycolatopsis sp022479115
s__Marinomonas aquiplantarum
s__Enteractinococcus coprophilus
s__Janibacter sp001428305
s__Microlunatus_A soli
s__Reyranella sp004296815
s__Streptomyces sp000497405
s__Ilumatobacter sp030425785
s__Pelagibacter sp902624075
s__Ktedonobacter sp016587415
s__JABMMZ01 sp020848595
s__JAOUPW01 sp029879665
s__Quisquiliibacterium sp030830765
s__Mycobacterium sp001905655
s__JAEZWQ01 sp023420085
s__Thiolapillus sp027026755
s__Marinobacter excellens_B
s__UBA9611 sp027624135
s__UBA1784 sp017508285
s__Chlorobium sp001975465
s__Streptomyces sp004364245
s__Congregibacter litoralis
s__UBA11740 sp003222855
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp949538625
s__Prevotella sp902768105
s__JACIYF01 sp014360065
s__Faecalibacterium sp934540955
s__JAHWJR01 sp019347915
s__Occallatibacter sp008682415
s__JAGOKF01 sp029547805
s__CAG-448 sp015064015
s__BM512 sp002869015
s__Blautia_A sp018064695
s__JANQSA01 sp028284935
s__Solirubrobacter ginsenosidimutans
s__JAUVBB01 sp030591445
s__Sphingomonas_N sp937859915
s__BNXB01 sp031267385
s__Telluria oculi_A
s__Azonexus sp023150195
s__Sedimentibacter sp029256005
s__RGIG8773 sp937891895
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016787985
s__Caldimonas sp946482595
s__SZUA-371 sp028691155
s__HKST-UBA223 sp020443245
s__UBA1049 sp029550965
s__CAKMZG01 sp929200335
s__Natranaerobius_A trueperi
s__PLanc-01 sp016932895
s__UBA9568 sp003497135
s__Collinsella sp902494195
s__Sphingomonas sp000786205
s__JAFGQE01 sp016935835
s__DAHUYW01 sp030041455
s__Flavihumibacter petaseus
s__Vibrio sp000171815
s__C7867-001 sp021789225
s__Persephonella sp027023985
s__Kordiimonas sp013372925
s__Mycobacterium uberis
s__Rhodococcus sp022810305
s__CAG-196 sp944323265
s__JAGOHC01 sp017996375
s__UBA931 sp009778785
s__Pedobacter sp947460275
s__LC5-5 sp019348555
s__Gemmata tundricola
s__SP202 sp014238205
s__Onthousia sp946494015
s__JAJDTQ01 sp958295985
s__Azonexus hydrophilus_A
s__RGIG446 sp947426455
s__Polynucleobacter meluiroseus_A
s__Neobacillus sp013396335
s__SIG200 sp947629465
s__Caccovivens sp944372505
s__JAIRYP01 sp031267755
s__Collinsella sp902490245
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902624885
s__Streptomyces sp000373625
s__CF-113 sp027316975
s__JACVCK01 sp938003595
s__Sphingomonas liriopis
s__Mesorhizobium sp008520305
s__Lentimicrobium sp028697695
s__Actinacidiphila paucisporea
s__JAMXCY01 sp024543015
s__Collinsella sp025992855
s__Polaromonas sp028292745
s__JAIVAN01 sp020171895
s__CSP1-6 sp016193045
s__Vulcanococcus sp030833825
s__Streptococcus cristatus_G
s__Salinibacter sp003022655
s__CAIYPH01 sp903865895
s__JAHEIA01 sp024639625
s__JAJFLO01 sp021772675
s__JAIXZO01 sp027483895
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_E
s__CALIZF01 sp938028765
s__Paenibacillus_A fonticola
s__Limiplasma sp015056365
s__RGIG4140 sp017533325
s__JABDKV01 sp013002045
s__JAJFLU01 sp021772535
s__CAMFLJ01 sp029782145
s__Marinobacter sp013393545
s__Cyanobium sp025127995
s__CAJXXZ01 sp913063285
s__UBA11358 sp903921455
s__SYFI01 sp030829765
s__JAQGMV01 sp028292225
s__Pararhodobacter sp020161615
s__Haloechinothrix aidingensis
s__JACKHV01 sp030426745
s__WGAO01 sp015489065
s__Nocardioides litoris
s__Sneathiella sp021741195
s__SXYR01 sp947447005
s__SYHX01 sp016872225
s__3-1-20CM-4-69-9 sp030773975
s__Robiginitomaculum_B sp016763185
s__UBA6770 sp905181875
s__Pseudolabrys sp001426945
s__Lutibacter citreus
s__Gallimonas sp947176445
s__QHXN01 sp003222975
s__Amazonocrinis sp017164015
s__PWTC01 sp003563005
s__Rhodoferax sp029946045
s__Marinospirillum alkaliphilum
s__Methyloceanibacter sp016649675
s__CAINEZ01 sp903889915
s__JAIPIQ01 sp021734645
s__JAIBBG01 sp019694805
s__Thalassotalea_A sp947502355
s__Sphingomonas sp937871615
s__Pelagibacter sp902590535
s__Butyrivibrio sp000424265
s__Varibaculum sp947255165
s__W11650 sp002999035
s__Aeromicrobium camelliae
s__Collinsella sp905215365
s__ZC3RG10 sp017577945
s__Acuticoccus sp031195445
s__Solirhodobacter sp016124615
s__GCA-2707915 sp902521635
s__JAJCZQ01 sp029262335
s__RUG762 sp946184295
s__Planktophila sp015660815
s__Planktophila sp009704515
s__Phenylobacterium deserti_D
s__Nitrospira_D sp018242685
s__DAOWLG01 sp030643485
s__Pseudanabaena sp025356295
s__UBA6055 sp022824565
s__MED-G105 sp028284065
s__Novosphingobium sp903893935
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902803535
s__Paraurantiacibacter namhicola
s__Coproplasma sp947627575
s__MED727 sp902574035
s__CADCVQ01 sp019348575
s__Kineothrix sp017532145
s__SIG350 sp015056545
s__JAFEEF01 sp018241265
s__Caproiciproducens sp002338255
s__Palsa-965 sp003153435
s__Gallionella sp024653675
s__UBA1006 sp020428645
s__UBA7985 sp002690455
s__Phormidesmis sp015207105
s__JAUIAT01 sp030425295
s__JAHDDO01 sp020629315
s__JALOAG01 sp023228875
s__JAGLIN01 sp030641185
s__Microbacterium sp029959325
s__UBA7867 sp017622115
s__Paracoccus homiensis
s__Faecousia sp945948535
s__Collinsella sp934654605
s__Pseudooctadecabacter sp020628265
s__Aldersonia sp026342035
s__Enteromonas sp947166565
s__UBA2632 sp002359825
s__Nocardioides humilatus
s__AAP99 sp027484405
s__Cryptobacteroides sp001602865
s__JAJTBE01 sp021287065
s__JADJWY01 sp016716085
s__Gallionella sp028714075
s__CALGAD01 sp937951955
s__Polynucleobacter sp903995005
s__S014-19 sp015486785
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp002218195
s__SIG447 sp015068765
s__Roseovarius azorensis
s__WRIY01 sp009782515
s__UBA7446 sp030830005
s__Homoserinimonas sedimenticola
s__Martelella endophytica
s__UBA935 sp009787745
s__UBA2834 sp024682595
s__B73-G16 sp003646585
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900591205
s__Sandaracinobacteroides sp027490095
s__JADLHZ01 sp020848545
s__CAG-791 sp902801585
s__JAKLPW01 sp022013675
s__Paenibacillus tengchongensis
s__Duganella rivi
s__Kosakonia sp018261615
s__SZUA-230 sp003228395
s__JAACFB01 sp947259435
s__Paludibacter sp018054805
s__Microbulbifer taiwanensis
s__Motiliproteus sp001968815
s__Polaromonas sp004293655
s__Dyadobacter luticola
s__C7867-001 sp028286605
s__UBA7455 sp002712135
s__Arthrobacter sp005796185
s__CAMNAC01 sp946530475
s__Brumimicrobium sp002734085
s__UBA5629 sp003484395
s__JAFGND01 sp016927185
s__Cryptobacteroides sp024398075
s__Rhodoferax_B sp947451445
s__Ellagibacter sp934613165
s__JAHDIP01 sp020630735
s__4572-13 sp016782835
s__JABEUT01 sp013289165
s__CAG-452 sp947628465
s__SIG200 sp947631045
s__UBA1259 sp017615975
s__Sphingomonas sp003688595
s__Pelagibacter sp902604245
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp005880915
s__JAPLNJ01 sp026692885
s__CACIJG01 sp902540655
s__JAOUOT01 sp029880265
s__Halopseudomonas xinjiangensis
s__Villigracilis sp016711665
s__JALEVB01 sp949291625
s__UBA9145 sp002723195
s__Pelagibacter sp902560805
s__PUKZ01 sp003567625
s__Prevotella sp946404925
s__UBA11358 sp025362675
s__Azospirillum sp000333595
s__Cryobacterium tagatosivorans
s__Formosa agariphila
s__Quinella sp017445435
s__UBA6857 sp017516315
s__Prevotella sp017561825
s__JAIRST01 sp031255325
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp026982235
s__Collimonas arenae_A
s__Listeria ilorinensis
s__Rhodoglobus sp025464445
s__CAG-196 sp015152465
s__Leptospira_B johnsonii
s__Spiroplasma_D sp031119525
s__JAEUMG01 sp016793355
s__S36-B12 sp913061025
s__JACRCG01 sp013349405
s__WRKY01 sp031267965
s__UBA2645 sp017999675
s__Fluviicola sp030151805
s__Mogibacterium sp938039775
s__UBA1450 sp002792315
s__LD21 sp025454775
s__Agromyces sp022919715
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949282255
s__UBA10133 sp020052895
s__UBA6262 sp028716025
s__UBA953 sp026397965
s__JAUWYA01 sp030616085
s__UBA2475 sp016787785
s__Tyrphobacter aquilonaris
s__Marinicella sp019931145
s__RUG14223 sp902796955
s__Faecousia sp945918315
s__UBA1321 sp002306945
s__JADFGI01 sp021604505
s__BQUT01 sp030504545
s__F11 sp002176905
s__CAG-488 sp017936645
s__TMED14 sp938084135
s__Urinicoccus sp029983435
s__Metabacillus_B mangrovi
s__Hanamia sp021780705
s__Deinococcus koreensis
s__LZORAL124-50-18 sp002747395
s__JAFGRY01 sp016934955
s__Pelagibacter sp902550635
s__SFMI01 sp902787835
s__RGIG1993 sp017453405
s__Klebsiella aerogenes_A
s__UBA9145 sp951813825
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017962065
s__F1-60-MAGs104 sp009926625
s__UBA4053 sp003457075
s__Serpentinimonas raichei
s__Pauljensenia odontolytica_D
s__Collinsella sp958427975
s__RGIG250 sp030523645
s__Flavobacterium sp029561105
s__CAJOIG01 sp905234625
s__JAGQWW01 sp937930815
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902626185
s__Halioglobus sp015222725
s__Herbidospora cretacea
s__Polynucleobacter alcilacus
s__Phreatobacter sp001464235
s__Allorhizobium sp012276985
s__Arthrobacter sp001663775
s__RUG131 sp934140155
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902523095
s__Lentimonas sp937136395
s__UBA3282 sp014804485
s__CAKPSH01 sp948469815
s__JABABF01 sp014238345
s__JABIQA01 sp029245525
s__JAJDXW01 sp022823045
s__PALSA-1004 sp025360445
s__Caballeronia verschuerenii
s__Altererythrobacter_D sp030140925
s__RUG410 sp024408895
s__Luteibacter yeojuensis
s__UBA2385 sp023150805
s__SHLN01 sp029862065
s__JAGQKC01 sp021603905
s__Dyadobacter sp946482605
s__Nonomuraea ceibae
s__Streptomyces sp026340255
s__CAG-582 sp947598395
s__GCA-001735895 sp029862005
s__UBA6240 sp023389535
s__JAGLTQ01 sp030594815
s__Arthrobacter sp017832975
s__Pseudoxanthobacter sp023442215
s__UMGS1976 sp017409475
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp030598645
s__Luteolibacter pohnpeiensis
s__Erythrobacter sp003483125
s__UBA4923 sp012511175
s__UBA9145 sp902537815
s__JAIRKP01 sp031286725
s__Magnetaquicoccus inordinatus
s__Onthoplasma sp937900575
s__JAGRKA01 sp020442475
s__UBA5216 sp945861275
s__Roseibacillus_B sp022448985
s__Lacticaseibacillus porcinae
s__Quinella sp017476425
s__Bombilactobacillus bombi_A
s__JAGFJK01 sp024102795
s__Thiopseudomonas sp945612235
s__Arthrobacter oryzae_C
s__Microbacterium esteraromaticum_B
s__GCA-013693735 sp016716745
s__Vibrio hippocampi
s__JABCYV01 sp955652845
s__CACNYO01 sp902526045
s__Ramlibacter sp947455875
s__RAAP-2 sp001443545
s__Dyadobacter soli
s__Flavobacterium sp025947365
s__Winogradskyella algicola
s__Erysipelothrix sp011299615
s__CACIIZ01 sp002699695
s__Cyclobacterium lianum
s__JABSQX01 sp013215615
s__JACRNJ01 sp016234985
s__UBA2918 sp946407325
s__Parasedimentitalea sp002401945
s__JASJCY01 sp030065825
s__Paremcibacter sp002749135
s__Hymenobacter gelipurpurascens
s__JACZKQ01 sp014859965
s__UBA737 sp017549565
s__DUSO01 sp012842565
s__PWQF01 sp003556865
s__UMGS263 sp949289045
s__Alitiscatomonas sp902496665
s__Bartonella machadoae
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017515285
s__Caloramator mitchellensis
s__JABEUN01 sp021836665
s__Paenibacillus terrae_B
s__V1-33 sp027483175
s__Hoeflea sp026619435
s__JACCZR01 sp030860365
s__UBA9942 sp016234205
s__Owenweeksia hongkongensis
s__UBA3282 sp023664605
s__JACTMZ01 sp018883245
s__Prevotella sp017547605
s__Thiomicrorhabdus chilensis
s__OLB11 sp017989935
s__DG-74-1 sp030016465
s__CAG-269 sp947623945
s__Pelagibacter sp902577625
s__UBA1547 sp027451105
s__CALBKH01 sp030247555
s__JAMDCX01 sp021826605
s__Sphingomicrobium edaphi
s__Nitratireductor sp913053745
s__Pedobacter sp014377665
s__UBA2868 sp024692905
s__Azovibrio sp029255645
s__MES10 sp009711805
s__Nitrospira_D sp020216985
s__Rifleibacterium sp022704885
s__JAITLA01 sp031276135
s__Microbacterium sp022627955
s__Methylotenera sp001803395
s__Aquamicrobium_A sp001014615
s__Avedoeria sp020853525
s__Syntrophaceticus sp002397275
s__Thauera sp018240785
s__Faecousia sp017631155
s__Dokdonella sp017302215
s__Rariglobus sp023269455
s__Onthoplasma sp017531805
s__UBA822 sp029941275
s__MED-G21 sp019649675
s__Mycoplasmoides alvi
s__TMED27 sp020638295
s__CAG-873 sp017621055
s__JALWRU01 sp026994095
s__Opacimonas sp018623155
s__DYGA01 sp020724865
s__UBA8316 sp905182575
s__UBA952 sp945888625
s__JAHJAL01 sp018814055
s__Rhodoferax sp030833685
s__Salipiger pallidus
s__Falsihalocynthiibacter arcticus
s__JADZEO01 sp020850475
s__Providencia_D burhodogranariea
s__Flavobacterium anhuiense_A
s__SYIM01 sp005798775
s__JAFGLZ01 sp016927755
s__BOKV01 sp016861165
s__1-14-0-10-43-13 sp030649445
s__Caldatribacterium californiense
s__DRQE01 sp027017505
s__Limiplasma sp028693055
s__Streptomyces globisporus_D
s__SYAC01 sp937919205
s__Bandiella sp905479795
s__Dysgonomonas sp031271965
s__SKJH01 sp007116005
s__JAIFNL01 sp020721325
s__JAFGCD01 sp030603595
s__DT-38 sp013214975
s__DSFT01 sp030550205
s__SLQC01 sp007131625
s__Caldicoprobacter guelmensis
s__Streptococcus suis_I
s__Enterousia sp024402735
s__CAISIP01 sp016790475
s__JABDGH01 sp013286145
s__JACOTD01 sp016201685
s__CFX2 sp016223085
s__JAJRRS01 sp029260695
s__CADEFD01 sp022842985
s__SM23-28-2 sp030615765
s__MED-G16 sp902626505
s__DAOUPL01 sp030626185
s__Telluria sp028291845
s__Cryptobacteroides sp944325505
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas sp002252155
s__CALECP01 sp937949915
s__UBA8133 sp031287585
s__UBA4733 sp025980355
s__GCA-002733105 sp030620285
s__SZUA-451 sp003252535
s__UBA1563 sp023231105
s__Oxalobacter sp031266815
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947626325
s__Methylobacterium gossipiicola
s__SIG332 sp014804185
s__CALYAQ01 sp944393615
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp028692895
s__JASBVW01 sp029961005
s__28-YEA-48 sp028290595
s__JAMWZF01 sp024304875
s__Ga0077550 sp947492135
s__Arctic95D-9 sp002862135
s__Desertihabitans brevis
s__JAUSFD01 sp030649955
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017614795
s__Trebonia sp027326205
s__UBA10103 sp016186695
s__UBA3291 sp017442645
s__CALJNB01 sp026988815
s__Niveispirillum sp016463045
s__Stenotrophomonas sp023430045
s__GWA2-31-9 sp001768975
s__Tateyamaria sp000814025
s__Arthrobacter nitroguajacolicus_A
s__Mycoplasmopsis bovigenitalium_A
s__SIG588 sp015065885
s__Sporolactobacillus shoreicorticis
s__JAUUZQ01 sp030589895
s__PALSA-243 sp003135055
s__JAHITE01 sp018817165
s__Velthaea versatilis
s__Zag111 sp946186335
s__JABDEC01 sp013287265
s__Mailhella sp944323575
s__Zwartia sp030410375
s__Sphingomonas melonis_A
s__Streptomyces sp003519485
s__UBA1020 sp002455275
s__PIVM01 sp003353945
s__Vreelandella zhuhanensis
s__DRHE01 sp030604195
s__CALHAX01 sp937931785
s__Aureimonas sp001423245
s__RGIG6178 sp017517765
s__Corynebacterium sp946223165
s__Pelagibacter sp028100865
s__Nocardiopsis sp030555055
s__Amylolactobacillus sp946409675
s__Flammeovirga pacifica
s__Collinsella sp902493375
s__Brevundimonas sp902506205
s__Agathobacter sp017936725
s__Brevundimonas sp019747095
s__Lysobacter silvisoli
s__Flagellimonas aurantiaca
s__UKL13-2 sp020247395
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus_D
s__Polymorphum gilvum
s__JAFGHI01 sp016930235
s__Pseudomonas_E composti_B
s__Ellagibacter sp934661105
s__CAG-103 sp017459865
s__UBA2134 sp913043235
s__Magnetospirillum sp902729445
s__Casimicrobium sp025352105
s__JADLFH01 sp020845705
s__SZUA-401 sp003246035
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AS
s__Stercorousia sp958449715
s__Rubrivivax sp904426505
s__Brevundimonas sp002432125
s__Streptococcus oralis_CL
s__SIG308 sp021203205
s__UBA2862 sp017434085
s__Hydrogenophaga sp025699295
s__Janibacter alkaliphilus
s__Variovorax paradoxus_N
s__D2472 sp902528215
s__DAHUYE01 sp027315345
s__FACHB-36 sp014695955
s__DT-111 sp913057785
s__Palsa-744 sp021323635
s__UBA1067 sp017648225
s__AG-337-I02 sp902522865
s__JAOUMU01 sp029880775
s__SCUN01 sp947467605
s__Aquabacterium_A sp025290835
s__CANJNU01 sp947475645
s__Paramesorhizobium sp014191375
s__JACQRG01 sp016206565
s__JALYIZ01 sp030775505
s__Shinella sp946481465
s__Damh-18 sp024653575
s__Buchnera aphidicola_W
s__DUEZ01 sp011174825
s__Kangiella shandongensis
s__CG1-02-41-21 sp022710685
s__Onthoplasma sp944377145
s__JAGXFR01 sp024637155
s__UBA10151 sp018817205
s__Prosthecobacter sp016795465
s__RGIG1840 sp017397745
s__Nitratireductor pacificus
s__Pirellula_B sp021300155
s__Sediminicola sp022008415
s__Prevotella sp017650905
s__JAMCZK01 sp025450445
s__RGIG3528 sp024698485
s__JJ008 sp013140985
s__Allosphingosinicella sp019239415
s__JAKSUT01 sp024408705
s__Flexifilum sp030263515
s__Planktophila sp027488165
s__UBA5760 sp018399795
s__SIO4C1 sp010671975
s__Deferrimicrobium sp011391555
s__Bacteroides sp900759525
s__UBA1312 sp027491165
s__UBA1174 sp947306425
s__UBA1227 sp002309175
s__Novipirellula aureliae
s__Cryobacterium sp002929555
s__JARGFU01 sp029210625
s__Sporosarcina luteola_A
s__UBA8309 sp002731315
s__Cryptobacteroides sp945982095
s__Pelagibacter sp902547785
s__Alcanivorax hongdengensis
s__Falsirhodobacter xinxiangensis
s__Raineya sp001281695
s__JACPVK01 sp016191795
s__PWVT01 sp003562195
s__JABFSM01 sp013140635
s__Faeciplasma sp947627455
s__UBA2233 sp002347965
s__UBA964 sp018970145
s__UBA2289 sp029559915
s__Arthrobacter ramosus
s__VXLM01 sp022448725
s__Robiginitomaculum_A balneolensis_A
s__Thermovorax subterraneus
s__Microterricola viridarii_A
s__SIG673 sp017502875
s__WRMQ01 sp031283835
s__Thalassoglobus neptunius
s__CTSOIL-112 sp018261955
s__Mycobacterium sp001667925
s__JAGFXI01 sp017861095
s__JAQTNB01 sp028714055
s__SKKK01 sp023382975
s__Sulfurovum sp015661535
s__Nitrosospira sp900110495
s__HIMB59 sp902542505
s__Erwinia sp913775305
s__JAAZPQ01 sp012797095
s__UMGS1613 sp947628915
s__RCC307 sp002168155
s__Pristimantibacillus sp000023585
s__Cohnella sp029360585
s__Psychrobacter sp001435295
s__JAAKFX01 sp011065175
s__JAUIHN01 sp030432305
s__Calycomorphotria sp007744515
s__RPRC01 sp009668975
s__Azonexus sp937892345
s__JAJSZS01 sp030262725
s__UBA6055 sp022822305
s__Limnobacter sp029087225
s__MAG-120531 sp937136455
s__RUG11788 sp015059405
s__UBA2588 sp003523055
s__Streptomyces sclerotialus
s__Halomicronema sp937897665
s__Palsa-881 sp025351125
s__Colwellia sp009832865
s__JAFIEC01 sp020832725
s__DYFX01 sp937900255
s__UMGS1994 sp017936925
s__JAMCRA01 sp023380285
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016713865
s__JAKALE01 sp027310425
s__Actinoplanes sp020873875
s__Desulfofundulus luciae
s__UBA7966 sp002299125
s__Sphingorhabdus_B rigui
s__Draconibacterium sp913063265
s__UBA3633 sp946403075
s__JAISGJ01 sp031263665
s__Flavobacterium sp903837025
s__Achromobacter sp030864005
s__Methylovorus menthalis
s__Aedoeadaptatus sp943913915
s__JG1575 sp002838815
s__CASFRQ01 sp949296785
s__Pseudanabaena sp014696925
s__CAG-488 sp029007095
s__JAIBBG01 sp016722445
s__Melittangium boletus
s__Onthoplasma sp934772045
s__GCA-2786165 sp002786165
s__JAKISE01 sp026994125
s__WYBW01 sp014860005
s__Duodenibacillus sp017628205
s__Chromulinivorax destructans
s__CAMCUJ01 sp945878965
s__UBA1712 sp016286035
s__Glycomyces sp000719515
s__Bartonella callosciuri
s__RGIG2000 sp017461055
s__JAMOQH01 sp027064085
s__UBA1784 sp015061805
s__SZUA-1403 sp027053135
s__UBA4372 sp017470425
s__Erythrobacter sp958304185
s__Salipiger abyssi_A
s__JALELM01 sp022771805
s__Aphodovivens excrementavium
s__1-14-0-65-60-17 sp002787815
s__JANWXU01 sp025057395
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020635725
s__Palsa-875 sp003153125
s__CALGBJ01 sp937877385
s__Hymenobacter ruricola
s__Actinomarina sp902580215
s__JAIRRO01 sp031261745
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum sp916439285
s__JANQNA01 sp028280285
s__Cryptobacteroides sp016285215
s__GCA-002708315 sp028277395
s__Corallococcus llansteffanensis
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017552475
s__KM106-2 sp009731425
s__Ga0077527 sp945863085
s__RGIG6105 sp016291695
s__Mongoliimonas rhizosphaerae
s__JAFAHH01 sp019237355
s__Sphingomonas echinoides
s__Micromonospora narathiwatensis
s__JAEWAH01 sp023409955
s__JACQON01 sp016202545
s__JAISCN01 sp031265515
s__JAAYTY01 sp012523605
s__Pinisolibacter sp002298965
s__NIOZ-UU13 sp030667885
s__DFXE01 sp031276545
s__JALYQY01 sp030855585
s__S143-82 sp027065215
s__Psychroserpens damuponensis
s__JALUUA01 sp026982655
s__JANQKQ01 sp028281105
s__DFXE01 sp031271045
s__Avelusimicrobium sp017501565
s__Gallaecimonas mangrovi
s__JABDBL01 sp013288645
s__Tepidibacter_A sp025210165
s__Allokutzneria sp024213555
s__UBA4802 sp026414805
s__Gallionella sp023259055
s__CAIXLI01 sp028866275
s__UBA3031 sp913057675
s__Coproplasma sp022508285
s__Methylobacter_A sp023227905
s__Bacteroides sp017556595
s__CAKZIK01 sp936933875
s__Microterricola sp001425085
s__Sedimenticola sp026196795
s__UM-FILTER-63-12 sp002789955
s__SAR86A sp902626385
s__Pelagibacter sp902569245
s__WQSK01 sp009787915
s__Occallatibacter sp030037635
s__RGIG8773 sp017465345
s__Limivicinus sp946184215
s__UBA11358 sp025360325
s__UBA4661 sp002405405
s__S012-89 sp026982515
s__G023898765 sp028282385
s__QHVT01 sp003223645
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017651225
s__Malonomonas sp945787295
s__Kocuria sp030536815
s__CALKHR01 sp937988885
s__Avisuccinivibrio stercorigallinarum
s__JAGXTF01 sp020853295
s__UBA2376 sp947483555
s__Hydrogenobaculum sp023269915
s__Lactococcus_A insecticola
s__Nitrosomonas sp020446045
s__Roseburia sp017621905
s__UBA11358 sp903822015
s__RUG563 sp902761755
s__Kineosporia mesophila
s__SKKY01 sp007123515
s__UBA10329 sp021741155
s__CAG-177 sp015065965
s__CALLVY01 sp938015925
s__Mucilaginibacter sp900103125
s__Methylobacterium sp017833295
s__JAGXLC01 sp018334675
s__SHUM01 sp945865705
s__JAFAEM01 sp023424015
s__SIBU01 sp009695005
s__OLB19 sp020428895
s__Bin16 sp958295525
s__Sphingomonas sp014334115
s__Avidesulfovibrio sp944325325
s__Lawsonibacter phocaeensis_B
s__Mycoplasma_L sp020024735
s__PALSA-1355 sp003153375
s__Sphingorhabdus_C sp009993585
s__Gramella bathymodioli
s__Collinsella sp900546375
s__Thermoanaerobacterium xylanolyticum
s__Granulosicoccus sp947495035
s__Brachyspira sp944388875
s__Kocuria dechangensis
s__Duodenibacillus sp945834535
s__Algibacter_B sp947487575
s__Janthinobacterium sp002869965
s__RUG11139 sp024400495
s__Thiolapillus sp026984735
s__Flavobacterium agrisoli
s__SLMF01 sp007133715
s__JALYMZ01 sp030773435
s__GCF-002002485 sp002002485
s__Termititenax sp031264205
s__JAJRTW01 sp024278075
s__Intestinimonas sp958435885
s__UBA12402 sp001801315
s__Ga0077527 sp019634975
s__JAHDCJ01 sp020629935
s__GCA-2748505 sp002748505
s__JAISGY01 sp031262625
s__Hominimerdicola sp946187255
s__GCA-002733105 sp937900515
s__Epilithonimonas sp002476905
s__SZAS-26 sp018242185
s__Sulfurimonas sp027858865
s__Schaedlerella sp958402795
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946406145
s__SIG78 sp015061545
s__STF2-111 sp028693155
s__GUT77 sp031254445
s__UBA1711 sp017477485
s__WLNJ01 sp026392385
s__HyVt-477 sp011375245
s__SIG488 sp017516005
s__Pelagibacter sp902573585
s__RUG14156 sp947428835
s__Bernardetia sp002784125
s__JACQHS01 sp016198915
s__Asticcacaulis sp000495795
s__JALWRI01 sp026994225
s__Arcanobacterium canis
s__Sulfurimonas sp027060825
s__Ruminococcus_C sp021203985
s__BNZF01 sp026000865
s__Desulfuromonas sp021162745
s__Edaphocola sp019739295
s__DYJE01 sp020723285
s__SKVJ01 sp016930935
s__Quinella sp937910665
s__Scatocola sp949286215
s__Azospirillum endophyticum
s__UBA965 sp903868295
s__Azohydromonas australica
s__Sphingobacterium paucimobilis
s__Rivularia sp015272215
s__Rahnella sp013457415
s__Chryseobacterium taiwanense
s__JAJFIK01 sp021775005
s__Streptococcus oralis_CM
s__PALSA-1336 sp031291995
s__Alteraurantiacibacter rhizosphaerae
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp018781585
s__Nanosynbacter sp937921475
s__Faecousia sp946411475
s__HY158 sp947251855
s__VXYL01 sp026708185
s__UBA8958 sp025355725
s__JAIRWI01 sp031269095
s__UBA4334 sp905236065
s__RGIG7238 sp017548175
s__JAJPJW01 sp030038835
s__UBA9968 sp016193465
s__JAFGOL01 sp016926495
s__JAGOSC01 sp018062515
s__Nanosyncoccus sp002315165
s__MGBC108787 sp948760655
s__BPJI01 sp026004535
s__JAJRYF01 sp024275935
s__RBG-16-51-16 sp001796785
s__Campylobacter_B sp937973075
s__S016-38 sp021161165
s__Paracoccus sp947496875
s__JABDGH01 sp021272165
s__JAJECS01 sp022821905
s__CAG-873 sp947573485
s__JACMMD01 sp014379235
s__JAEUHM01 sp016795485
s__Thiomicrorhabdus xiamenensis
s__Fimivivens sp023457175
s__UMGS363 sp021199335
s__Collinsella sp959018755
s__Alistipes sp029051915
s__OLB23 sp001567245
s__CADEFY01 sp902826705
s__JAUVSX01 sp030596915
s__QHZQ01 sp003224725
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021815905
s__JAFMPW01 sp026126425
s__Gallibacteroides sp949300615
s__DUNI01 sp012799605
s__UBA11090 sp002839205
s__JAEUWI01 sp030432675
s__RUG11257 sp902773305
s__JAGUZQ01 sp020060765
s__Thiobacillus sp016195805
s__WQSD01 sp009788105
s__JAFAVN01 sp019239825
s__UBA1740 sp017471825
s__Methylicorpusculum oleiharenae
s__RGIG2000 sp017508405
s__Hydrogenophaga pseudoflava_A
s__DTU010 sp029776155
s__SZUA-232 sp937900165
s__GCA-2401725 sp002401725
s__Mesonia sp008017825
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp022712815
s__JAAYLU01 sp001604435
s__Prevotella sp937898415
s__4572-112 sp029939445
s__Acidoferrum sp013289855
s__Pelagibacter sp902543535
s__Prochlorococcus sp003212555
s__CAG-488 sp002315505
s__Neorhizobium wenxiniae_A
s__CAJOIG01 sp947631805
s__UBA2450 sp002353275
s__UBA2813 sp902802825
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279945
s__Flavobacterium branchiarum
s__Nocardia paucivorans
s__Corynebacterium lubricantis
s__Ghiorsea sp021772875
s__Leucobacter sp000980875
s__UBA11740 sp003222895
s__MWEH01 sp012799455
s__GCA-002697625 sp913052655
s__JAABRJ01 sp022340425
s__UBA2387 sp026129685
s__Blautia_A sp017515325
s__Microbacterium oryzae_A
s__Sabulitectum sp029940175
s__4484-190-2 sp020349865
s__FEN-1297 sp021796135
s__JAFGHR01 sp016930015
s__GCF-002020805 sp002020805
s__UBA1259 sp017465145
s__Merdicola sp946497695
s__JAGHAJ01 sp021161545
s__Pelagibacter sp902591535
s__XYD1-FULL-53-11 sp001770165
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp029255605
s__Vermiculatibacterium sp017937415
s__Amycolatopsis endophytica
s__Dyadobacter sp030929615
s__Streptococcus sp943914425
s__JAHEIH01 sp024639455
s__Colwellia sp913058405
s__PALSA-129 sp003167255
s__UBA3636 sp946534745
s__Mucilaginibacter sp018266915
s__JALQTW01 sp023263945
s__Bythopirellula sp029259915
s__JANWXX01 sp025453595
s__Dokdonia sp937910895
s__Salipiger bermudensis_B
s__UBA9042 sp937910235
s__WJLW01 sp014728295
s__UBA12088 sp000998805
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_T
s__Brachybacterium sp030451965
s__Azonexus sp903922075
s__NBRC-107688 sp011524525
s__Croceicoccus sp947496385
s__JAIXTM01 sp027483945
s__Conexibacter arvalis
s__JACPVF01 sp016191845
s__JASGTU01 sp030058085
s__Coprococcus sp947626675
s__Mycetohabitans cooleyia
s__UBA1096 sp002689335
s__CALAXS01 sp937895305
s__Flavobacterium sp023387965
s__Moheibacter sp028698395
s__JALTEO01 sp027073875
s__Arthrobacter sp918698095
s__Chlamydophila corallus
s__Fodinicola feengrottensis
s__Vibrio ulleungensis
s__Mycoplana sp023404095
s__ER46 sp947453695
s__Thermosipho_B ferrireducens
s__Planosporangium sp025965915
s__JAGGTS01 sp021163625
s__JAAYAL01 sp012719395
s__SW-4-49-11 sp003021915
s__Undibacterium sp002482715
s__Acinetobacter sp023920705
s__Polynucleobacter sp018882215
s__JAISNW01 sp031276055
s__BNXB01 sp031287395
s__Nanosyncoccus sp017406405
s__Cellulosilyticum sp017941635
s__Cardinium sp936981045
s__Nanosynbacter sp013333695
s__Streptomyces sp019049285
s__Brevundimonas sp002483865
s__JAIRLG01 sp031288595
s__Centipeda sp938045435
s__Sphingomonas sp001428865
s__W111 sp011191985
s__Flavobacterium sp024305175
s__Alpha-05 sp001603335
s__Spyradenecus sp017646485
s__CAIYYX01 sp903904605
s__JANWYU01 sp025055135
s__JAISNI01 sp031274035
s__UBA6055 sp011523515
s__GCA-2737125 sp027729805
s__NORP233 sp937911525
s__JALSRY01 sp030612705
s__RBG-16-58-11 sp024641855
s__Tatlockia sp013697955
s__Aureibaculum sp024280815
s__Alteriqipengyuania abyssalis
s__Glycomyces sp017592475
s__Actinokineospora sp030269645
s__Cupriavidus pauculus_C
s__Actinorugispora endophytica
s__JALHJL01 sp022839625
s__CALMEH01 sp937863115
s__GCA-002401295 sp002401295
s__Bernardetia litoralis
s__Eudoraea sp905479615
s__Bin5 sp022824685
s__Methylobacter_C sp026399075
s__DAOWLH01 sp030643515
s__Granulicatella sp938030755
s__JAOARU01 sp025210675
s__Nonomuraea sp022664455
s__JAPLFI01 sp026390755
s__CAG-196 sp902797575
s__Polaribacter sp947503875
s__JACPNK01 sp016181105
s__VAYN01 sp017882505
s__Azovibrio sp031287525
s__GCA-002715885 sp028122735
s__Winogradskyella sp001971725
s__2-12-FULL-35-15 sp016707685
s__Desulfobulbus sp009778955
s__JACQTO01 sp016189945
s__Spirosoma taeanense
s__JAHEYG01 sp016709575
s__PNNO01 sp014728955
s__JACZVU01 sp024640705
s__Altererythrobacter_F oceanensis
s__CAIVQB01 sp947454705
s__Rudaea sp018241165
s__Arthrobacter chlorophenolicus_A
s__JAFUXM01 sp017458545
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp013289765
s__Paludibacter sp903899865
s__Aquidulcibacter sp027485915
s__SbD1 sp900290385
s__Collinsella sp934654515
s__Woronichinia naegeliana
s__Bifidobacterium sp029392315
s__Anaerococcus sp900232825
s__UBA12478 sp016205995
s__SFMI01 sp017469605
s__B140-G9 sp003644295
s__JAGVGX01 sp020056865
s__JAUSKF01 sp030646995
s__Arthrobacter sp918697925
s__SHND01 sp937870825
s__UBA9338 sp003510895
s__Bulleidia sp949289855
s__Bog-756 sp027365055
s__Scalindua sp021776915
s__Nodosilinea sp019359285
s__Novosphingobium barchaimii
s__Rubrivivax sp903885585
s__Granulicella_C sibirica
s__Lutimonas sp030430615
s__JAFGXH01 sp020718465
s__JADFZW01 sp015232355
s__Akkermansia sp017379255
s__SKVR01 sp019429055
s__Flavobacterium cheongpyeongense
s__Mycoavidus sp014218255
s__JAHECK01 sp030591505
s__Faecousia sp947627745
s__WRKP01 sp031289675
s__Heliorestis convoluta
s__Vescimonas sp017455225
s__Yoonia vestfoldensis_B
s__CAG-269 sp944390695
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BB
s__Pelagibacter sp902609675
s__Bosea sp030694325
s__Anaerocolumna sp023443225
s__Burkholderia guangdongensis
s__JAEXAI01 sp023394615
s__Mariniblastus sp028823415
s__Desulfomicrobium baculatum
s__UBA1140 sp026996165
s__Zag111 sp017626055
s__JAFGHC01 sp016939335
s__CLD3 sp008501735
s__Pontimonas sp937124545
s__GCA-2708415 sp013215815
s__CAJCIY01 sp903970495
s__UBA9214 sp947258515
s__Sphingomicrobium sp023436615
s__Chrysiogenes arsenatis
s__Lactobacillus sp947367125
s__Egerieousia sp016285455
s__JADFGI01 sp029261655
s__Ga0077527 sp030833315
s__Halobacillus_A massiliensis
s__JAIRLK01 sp031283505
s__Pullichristensenella sp019409045
s__B10-G9 sp021161345
s__CAIXSE01 sp017882325
s__Treponema_F sp017397145
s__RGIG3925 sp015064785
s__JAFUXM01 sp937900285
s__Mucilaginibacter sp903644075
s__UBA7446 sp002862645
s__CALVSV01 sp944359595
s__UBA1711 sp017455205
s__Lawsonibacter sp020025455
s__Aliidiomarina sp022565475
s__UBA668 sp016213665
s__Candidimonas humi
s__Bradyrhizobium sp001556045
s__Moritella sp018219155
s__CANQDT01 sp947593735
s__JAHEJX01 sp947258375
s__Streptococcus sp927910965
s__Streptococcus oralis_BE
s__Streptococcus oralis_CN
s__Pikeienuella sp030429105
s__JADKCZ01 sp025360965
s__Microvirga splendida
s__Hymenobacter sp016427535
s__Nanosynbacter sp013100805
s__UBA1179 sp024398595
s__Oceanisphaera marina
s__JAISJU01 sp031261165
s__Pseudomonas_E aegrilactucae
s__Onthoplasma sp017481235
s__4484-171 sp030631705
s__Halanaerobium saccharolyticum_C
s__UBA3478 sp002691685
s__Sphingobium bisphenolivorans
s__Hydrotalea sandarakina
s__Hyphobacterium sp016124665
s__Rugamonas sp016461825
s__Nocardia brevicatena
s__UBA2093 sp023253435
s__UBA3792 sp905235205
s__Sacchariniichlamydia sp020050965
s__JAEUIE01 sp016795155
s__JAJPHC01 sp021325515
s__Pelagibacter sp902588255
s__ZC4RG30 sp963205255
s__JASEEU01 sp030019445
s__WQXQ01 sp009787775
s__Cochlodiniinecator piscidefendens
s__WRHW01 sp031283145
s__Clostridium_X sp002423705
s__Limimorpha sp905234645
s__UBA1412 sp023230105
s__BMS3ABIN04 sp027030245
s__RUG11272 sp017534885
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947594425
s__JAADED01 sp027003085
s__CALHMG01 sp938034705
s__Savagea sp030146155
s__JAPLHX01 sp026389415
s__JAOXSC01 sp025800215
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp019351995
s__Parasedimentitalea sp011813015
s__SIG710 sp017461635
s__CAHJXG01 sp903644035
s__Pelagibacter sp902615045
s__12-FULL-67-14b sp009694735
s__RUG626 sp017412765
s__JAIRKW01 sp031268335
s__Arthrobacter rhizosphaerae
s__JAAFHB01 sp015654795
s__RUG572 sp030537465
s__Acinetobacter sp001612555
s__Modestobacter sp947486615
s__AG41 sp003220855
s__Evansella sp024362785
s__JAISUH01 sp031269865
s__WRLJ01 sp031271665
s__Ventrenecus sp947631205
s__AG-337-I02 sp902576125
s__RGIG6076 sp017454165
s__Brevibacterium mcbrellneri
s__JACQCF01 sp023247575
s__Methyloradius palustris
s__Mxb001 sp029978585
s__Faecousia sp945836055
s__RUG14515 sp017651165
s__CAG-269 sp947630545
s__RUG14156 sp949282195
s__Flavobacterium limnosediminis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp030519355
s__Asticcacaulis sp026625745
s__Solidesulfovibrio fructosivorans
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp022509005
s__Variovorax sp001984055
s__WLRQ01 sp016125335
s__Rhizobium sp000377565
s__Pelagibacter sp902527485
s__JACKBC01 sp020634755
s__CAMAVL01 sp945861735
s__UMGS1124 sp934101235
s__Campylobacter_B sp938030685
s__CAG-269 sp947594095
s__SCRE01 sp030866825
s__Georgenia sp003991205
s__GCA-002715585 sp902609885
s__Ohtaekwangia cretensis
s__Ventricola sp934630975
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902797155
s__JABJAG01 sp028822385
s__Huintestinicola sp946186215
s__JANXQZ01 sp025353235
s__Sulfuricella sp021783895
s__Xiphinematobacter sp023269545
s__Porphyromonas_A sp947253195
s__JAAYIG01 sp012523595
s__Microbacterium album
s__Alteraurantiacibacter aquimixticola
s__Desulfosporosinus sp002404215
s__AC2028 sp024403475
s__MT110 sp029266295
s__Colwellia sp013215345
s__JAHJDO01 sp030611945
s__SZUA-36 sp026196445
s__WQXQ01 sp009780285
s__Williamsia_A deligens
s__Chondromyces crocatus
s__Polymorphobacter_A arshaanensis
s__Mesonia sp947494545
s__Palsa-875 sp955651875
s__JAUYPJ01 sp030697665
s__JAISFT01 sp031277045
s__CAG-194 sp017461865
s__JAFUXM01 sp017446645
s__RUG591 sp944350485
s__DTER01 sp030550535
s__JAACDH01 sp009936995
s__SHXO01 sp009693245
s__Streptomyces sp022513565
s__Pseudomonas_E sp013359695
s__Streptomyces sp026898115
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp024697025
s__CBW1002 sp025128095
s__Paraburkholderia adhaesiva
s__JARXWG01 sp029893105
s__AG-337-I02 sp902588745
s__Bradyrhizobium lablabi_D
s__JAKPFN01 sp029551395
s__Glo-17 sp014730255
s__DTU024 sp012518615
s__UBA987 sp002428905
s__Bacteroides sp949285075
s__1-14-0-10-51-16 sp002774795
s__JAHEFR01 sp024640085
s__Coproplasma sp945834965
s__UMGS172 sp017416345
s__UBA994 sp018725535
s__CAIMNF01 sp903842755
s__UBA9973 sp903838985
s__CG2-30-58-95 sp001872165
s__Ruminococcus sp017463375
s__Floccifex sp028723085
s__21-14-0-10-42-9 sp002773845
s__JAIROZ01 sp031281945
s__UBA1259 sp017616925
s__JALNZF01 sp023229435
s__DRMV01 sp026985785
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp019235245
s__JALZUU01 sp937927835
s__Pseudomonas_E indoloxydans
s__Agriterribacter sp018268105
s__CADCTC01 sp902805635
s__JAJFUZ01 sp021372155
s__W-Chloroflexi-9 sp023228825
s__SZUA-359 sp003246575
s__Alkaliphilus hydrothermalis
s__MWCR01 sp028715505
s__JADFYS01 sp015231435
s__CAG-269 sp944388755
s__JAAZVR01 sp018623305
s__Firm-07 sp017508425
s__Huintestinicola sp018110855
s__CALAQW01 sp937888955
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947367315
s__DAIDJG01 sp031291845
s__IMCC34051 sp013003075
s__JAFGAS01 sp016933535
s__Telluria agrisoli
s__AG-363-N16 sp003280135
s__2-01-FULL-42-13 sp001772625
s__Marinomonas ostreistagni_A
s__Poriferisodalis sp022822525
s__JAURND01 sp030830425
s__RI-283 sp026994735
s__UBA9973 sp000993955
s__UBA2868 sp024698075
s__Faecousia sp015068165
s__DYJF01 sp020723205
s__Comamonas_C sp026954015
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp024235315
s__Actinomarina sp004213405
s__RF16 sp945787425
s__Anaerovibrio sp024697385
s__Pararheinheimera sp003482455
s__REEB95 sp028871455
s__UBA12018 sp947074265
s__JAGLWB01 sp030621075
s__JAFGGN01 sp016930535
s__UBA2773 sp002352465
s__Roseofilum sp030068455
s__Faecisoma sp944359085
s__Psychromonas sp030397575
s__JABMQN01 sp013203045
s__JAADGC01 sp013152585
s__UBA4334 sp009177185
s__Gemmobacter_B sp002855575
s__SIG32 sp947857085
s__CAG-590 sp017479085
s__JAHFSU01 sp030688705
s__Phycisphaera sp030432595
s__Deinococcus sp004801415
s__Agrococcus casei
s__SIG480 sp017439555
s__Thalassospira mesophila
s__JAOUFO01 sp029858165
s__Insolitispirillum peregrinum
s__AG-337-I02 sp902524385
s__Neobacillus sp018613065
s__Dokdonia sp020628615
s__M0108 sp009928645
s__SZUA-226 sp029879645
s__Limnohabitans sp027925025
s__CAMCXT01 sp947460255
s__Phytoactinopolyspora limicola
s__Undibacterium amnicola
s__UMGS1820 sp937911665
s__JAHDDW01 sp020628305
s__UBA1447 sp012524025
s__Sphingopyxis sp013821905
s__JADGAN01 sp015231325
s__Homoserinibacter sp014483895
s__UBA4466 sp905478665
s__Pelagibacter sp902614055
s__28-YEA-48 sp903885755
s__Collinsella sp019414325
s__Negativicoccus succinicivorans_A
s__Wolbachia sp013366805
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017403985
s__Benthicola sp023554435
s__JANYGM01 sp025362415
s__JANTGJ01 sp024762975
s__RF16 sp017546705
s__JACRAR01 sp028713555
s__Endozoicomonas sp024606365
s__GCA-2704625 sp902554135
s__Salinicoccus stercoripullorum
s__JACKEO01 sp020632915
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017962025
s__Paenalcaligenes suwonensis
s__UBA710 sp949288045
s__ZC4RG38 sp003242505
s__VXRN01 sp951812505
s__Limnohabitans_A sp023910625
s__ASP10-02a sp003497765
s__Caldimonas terrae
s__JABFSX01 sp019746175
s__MGBC139354 sp947585885
s__JAGNNV01 sp017990495
s__Stercoripulliclostridium_A sp017403145
s__Cyanobium_A sp945907085
s__Bifidobacterium samirii
s__Paracoccus sp030538495
s__Hel1-33-131 sp029253805
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp001295935
s__JABEVD01 sp019753155
s__Nitritalea halalkaliphila
s__UBA5754 sp002419025
s__B30-G16 sp021162205
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp031157355
s__Aurantimicrobium sp936931525
s__Pararhizobium capsulatum
s__JAJRUT01 sp027859235
s__Endomicrobium sp009778325
s__Pantoea sp030062155
s__UBA4647 sp017465925
s__UBA12478 sp004298405
s__Clostridium multiforme
s__Bartonella ancashensis
s__V9D3004 sp949292725
s__UBA737 sp017524165
s__Parabacteroides sp900770835
s__Sphingomonas oligophenolica
s__JACCYI01 sp030447005
s__JAHDHC01 sp020631485
s__Azorhizobium oxalatiphilum
s__JJ008 sp017882265
s__Paenibacillus_S foliorum
s__CAG-390 sp017454675
s__Scatovivens sp944393295
s__Alloprevotella sp937906495
s__Dysosmobacter sp934504065
s__Leucobacter weissii
s__Telluria alkalitolerans
s__Streptomyces sp024497955
s__VHDF01 sp016871495
s__Nibribacter ruber
s__Mycobacterium sp900078375
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031257835
s__Halpernia frigidisoli
s__Synoicihabitans sp018667915
s__Pedococcus dokdonensis
s__Rothia endophytica
s__Marinomonas ushuaiensis
s__Psychroserpens sp947488655
s__WRMH01 sp031281195
s__UBA9655 sp019748065
s__JAHDBF01 sp020629535
s__SIG200 sp947630195
s__Arenivirga sp029959365
s__Tamaricihabitans sp009379845
s__Paenibacillus_D sp004134985
s__Dysosmobacter sp946530565
s__Lachnospira sp017397445
s__CAIOGI01 sp943354625
s__TMED161 sp002171125
s__JASEGR01 sp030017955
s__Trichothermofontia sichuanensis
s__Tyzzerella sp944384215
s__Modestobacter lapidis
s__JACQUQ01 sp016210175
s__Streptomyces sp011193355
s__DSWT01 sp022707725
s__VGWB01 sp016873755
s__Porcincola sp946623485
s__RCIO01 sp023457435
s__Rhizobium_E sp029892285
s__Palsa-739 sp003139545
s__Rossellomorea aquimaris_A
s__Mucilaginibacter sp018449775
s__Allorhizobium sp029865825
s__Galbitalea sp017882805
s__CAIOZW01 sp903862855
s__Sulfurospirillum deleyianum
s__UBA737 sp024404235
s__Eubacterium_R sp017445905
s__Paracoccus sp003590715
s__UBA8687 sp913044145
s__JAGVQM01 sp020051695
s__JACMLC01 sp019247865
s__Lysobacter terrestris
s__UBA1563 sp030693705
s__Sphingomonas_N sp000383095
s__JADJNW01 sp937872405
s__Hydrogenophaga sp006227825
s__Limnohabitans_A sp947505995
s__Pseudocolwellia sp020630795
s__GCA-2723085 sp002723085
s__WOZS01 sp011620135
s__UBA2779 sp030590585
s__JADLHS01 sp945882065
s__UBA10133 sp023245265
s__Pelagibacter sp902524535
s__JAJZYO01 sp023489205
s__M55B129 sp018400435
s__Pedobacter jeongneungensis
s__CAG-245 sp946008205
s__Actinomycetospora sp029266415
s__Streptosporangium saharense
s__JAGODS01 sp017998135
s__JAUXHI01 sp030621645
s__RUG721 sp029546925
s__RGIG1681 sp947382485
s__Terrimicrobium sacchariphilum
s__WRAV01 sp937894185
s__Aminobacter sp001724355
s__Pelagibacter sp902623415
s__Butyrivibrio sp900112195
s__RCIZ01 sp030852655
s__RGIG8762 sp017621155
s__RDXI01 sp004292795
s__Nocardioides gansuensis
s__C7867-001 sp001781095
s__Lentzea sp001279525
s__Paracoccus suum
s__Permianibacter sp946481205
s__Photorhabdus caribbeanensis
s__Rhizomicrobium sp021808875
s__Agathobaculum sp944384725
s__JAUWLS01 sp030667285
s__Nocardioides nematodiphilus
s__RH-AL1 sp937863205
s__Morganella morganii_D
s__Buchnera aphidicola_BK
s__Novosphingobium sp029436685
s__Palsa-295 sp020072765
s__Halioglobus sp024686215
s__JABMPU01 sp013203665
s__JAEUKK01 sp947462115
s__JAPLMQ01 sp026386955
s__UBA4735 sp030773995
s__SAR86A sp902579825
s__UBA2377 sp026125215
s__Coproplasma sp944327625
s__Eubacterium_G sp947625755
s__JANQKE01 sp028281265
s__PWMZ01 sp003556925
s__RUG12438 sp902783215
s__Campylobacter_B sp937997405
s__Thiodiazotropha sp025656505
s__Cryptobacteroides sp902790635
s__Streptomyces sp000720115
s__DYGX01 sp020724465
s__Neoroseomonas soli
s__Aquincolibacterium sp001804345
s__FEB-12 sp023700785
s__Leaf443 sp001425575
s__Dysosmobacter sp902476875
s__MED-G105 sp016125455
s__Bauldia sp023392225
s__Algibacter_B pectinivorans
s__IGN2 sp025449775
s__WRHU01 sp009781535
s__CAIKOH01 sp018061755
s__UBA1755 sp002314805
s__Propionivibrio sp029255185
s__Novosphingobium sp025938935
s__Desulfocapsa sp029935135
s__Promicromonospora kroppenstedtii
s__JAAYCI01 sp030265505
s__Magnetospirillum sp902729435
s__Croceibacterium sp937898525
s__Desulfoprunum sp020049575
s__Hyphomicrobium_C sp022841965
s__67-14 sp030917845
s__CAKSEF01 sp934446465
s__UBA3631 sp918219625
s__Campylobacter_B sp937997595
s__336-3 sp000734895
s__JAJRQE01 sp030643345
s__SHZI01 sp016789885
s__NORP309 sp947311585
s__Stygibacter sp021735645
s__Inediibacterium nitritogenes
s__GCA-002401385 sp016764435
s__JAKLIH01 sp022709715
s__MWCR01 sp028688515
s__Mesorhizobium_G sp023953835
s__JAAZPQ01 sp012510325
s__DRKO01 sp011051745
s__SIG223 sp015058985
s__Weeksella massiliensis
s__UBA2284 sp002422045
s__Enterosoma sp022647725
s__Borkfalkia sp944328645
s__Firm-10 sp902790345
s__Vreelandella aquamarina_A
s__JASGCU01 sp030053935
s__Sphingobacterium sp023554555
s__Nitrospirillum amazonense_B
s__JAKAML01 sp022843145
s__UBA6144 sp002435705
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp002421685
s__CAG-303 sp902797675
s__CAIKMS01 sp903890265
s__B1SED10-225 sp003557505
s__RGIG1932 sp017414505
s__RUG572 sp946543025
s__BNWE01 sp025998775
s__Limnohabitans_A sp945901735
s__JAAYPU01 sp012519645
s__JAMWCT01 sp023819525
s__Usitatibacter sp001953215
s__JAHDBV01 sp020630195
s__UBA9628 sp026388095
s__Aquincola tertiaricarbonis_B
s__Pseudomonas_E alcaligenes_C
s__BPGX01 sp026003255
s__Paludibacter sp028710895
s__JAISSA01 sp031272035
s__Palsa-360 sp020073375
s__JAUYDB01 sp030691985
s__UBA1275 sp009926145
s__CAG-245 sp944388675
s__JAAZLH01 sp012799415
s__Desulfovulcanus sp913055195
s__Gallimonas sp947626005
s__Desulfocapsa sp947311435
s__PFJX01 sp030691265
s__JAHFBD01 sp023250155
s__UBA10151 sp016176415
s__UBA1275 sp002730655
s__UBA6168 sp030147525
s__J027 sp020634155
s__UBA4372 sp946407895
s__Evtepia sp030625685
s__Marinitoga hydrogenitolerans
s__Pseudomonas_E cremoricolorata_A
s__RI-211 sp016124375
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp937870855
s__HGM11367 sp017650795
s__JAAYLO01 sp012521855
s__JAJVIP01 sp022072025
s__Arachidicoccus terrestris
s__RGIG2134 sp949284985
s__Tabrizicola sp016792685
s__BOG-1363 sp024641365
s__JABDEM01 sp013287085
s__CAINVV01 sp021286825
s__JACPKO01 sp021731695
s__Firm-07 sp017624795
s__Hominiventricola sp017558865
s__Fimenecus sp937906895
s__JAJRZW01 sp024275015
s__UBA11873 sp021773835
s__Vulcanococcus sp016882485
s__S139-18 sp015485495
s__Stutzerimonas stutzeri_AO
s__Nevskia sp023266035
s__Mf105b01 sp021404525
s__CAG-103 sp934591895
s__JAIPJX01 sp027623095
s__CAG-177 sp016282855
s__Alistipes sp017630245
s__JAKLHX01 sp022709925
s__Xenophilus sp018241185
s__OLB17 sp023415725
s__Mycobacterium sp031292665
s__RGIG1993 sp017532025
s__Dokdonella sp934526015
s__Vulcanococcus sp016882415
s__JAIRKH01 sp031276815
s__Nitrosomonas sp021582655
s__Phenylobacterium sp004299445
s__Aliidiomarina sp023481025
s__Bradyrhizobium sp023101685
s__GCA-2753565 sp015232405
s__Hydrogenivirga sp015490115
s__Methylotenera sp903926935
s__JAUIBT01 sp030432195
s__JADJXQ01 sp026125865
s__SFWF01 sp015066085
s__DUCF01 sp913054335
s__Sphingomicrobium sediminis
s__G11 sp017619295
s__RBC038 sp902827055
s__JAFGHE01 sp016930295
s__RGIG8368 sp017613085
s__UBA8202 sp018056245
s__Similichlamydia laticola
s__Aquiluna sp009923455
s__Cloacibacterium caeni_A
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021828445
s__Methylosinus sp019802345
s__Anaerotruncus sp938014855
s__Cryobacterium sp002929505
s__Arthrobacter sp001422645
s__3-1-20CM-2-70-9 sp005881885
s__JAGVTM01 sp019136785
s__CALZIZ01 sp945787465
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017617475
s__Kluyvera ascorbata_C
s__Lacrimispora sp015057775
s__Tharpella sp030633185
s__UBA3636 sp017450425
s__UMGS1864 sp944389425
s__B118-G9 sp030655795
s__Desulfurobacterium_A atlanticum
s__UBA6181 sp002422135
s__Petrimonas sp934621705
s__UBA1189 sp015060865
s__JAGHEK01 sp944383455
s__JAQTPW01 sp028712565
s__Marininema halotolerans
s__Archangium_A sp946479335
s__UBA9410 sp016845305
s__Azospirillum sp003116015
s__Collinsella sp959027945
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947167855
s__UJ101 sp001880285
s__Cellulomonas cellulans_A
s__Scatosoma sp017465865
s__Pelagibacter sp905618915
s__JAOXRU01 sp025800395
s__Villigracilis sp016191895
s__CF-13 sp005889345
s__Fen-1326 sp030679895
s__Bradyrhizobium sp029051725
s__JAEUMD01 sp016793635
s__SIG200 sp947628485
s__RF16 sp902799705
s__Methylobacter_C psychrophilus
s__CAG-791 sp946617225
s__Sulfurimonas sp013607635
s__Aidingimonas lacisalsi
s__Palsa-295 sp028876695
s__Thioglobus_A sp900180385
s__RUG131 sp022508535
s__Rhodoblastus sp903903185
s__DYSN01 sp016744655
s__AC-9 sp005888295
s__JAGRGH01 sp020445605
s__UBA3079 sp030612625
s__JAITXV01 sp031284605
s__Sporosarcina sp000586555
s__Nostoc_B sp014697615
s__UBA1151 sp002311865
s__Aureisphaera sp016763715
s__Proteiniphilum sp015478855
s__CAG-552 sp022508465
s__JACOUP01 sp016177765
s__Flammeovirga aprica
s__JANQEA01 sp028278555
s__SIG454 sp016303265
s__2-12-FULL-37-34 sp001801495
s__Vibrio amylolyticus
s__AG-422-B15 sp902524285
s__UBA7312 sp002715345
s__CAG-873 sp023663365
s__UBA2834 sp017964115
s__Sediminicola sp001430825
s__UMGS1491 sp030523605
s__Streptomyces sp013870595
s__DP-36 sp005878685
s__RGIG3513 sp017556565
s__Nanoperiomorbus sp938028655
s__Halothece natronophila
s__UBA935 sp009777715
s__AG-337-I02 sp902518985
s__Microvirga ossetica
s__Prevotella sp946541745
s__Mycobacterium sp001500125
s__Flavisolibacter sp025936195
s__Emticicia sp003418935
s__Flavobacterium paronense
s__Sphingobacterium sp019969845
s__Pseudomonas_E sp030064125
s__CAG-632 sp947589305
s__Mycoplasma_K sp024244685
s__Corynebacterium intestinavium
s__HGM12650 sp017504205
s__JABXJW01 sp013375395
s__Shewanella surugensis
s__Mycoplasma_L sp947039515
s__Nitratifractor sp026994745
s__Bacteriovorax sp028710485
s__JANWVB01 sp026416845
s__ELB16-189 sp012032815
s__SCN-70-22 sp016794835
s__JAGLTQ01 sp030593785
s__Iamia sp012730075
s__DAOWIS01 sp030640805
s__UBA3766 sp017618075
s__DYGE01 sp020724845
s__JANQSA01 sp009797885
s__Collinsella sp019414545
s__RUG658 sp905234925
s__Helicobacter_J sp002272785
s__Moheibacter sp023433225
s__GCA-2718845 sp002718845
s__Choladousia sp021201095
s__JAUVVT01 sp030604505
s__HO2-45-28 sp016432485
s__TYQ2 sp018672315
s__JAIRKX01 sp031290935
s__RGIG3641 sp017444165
s__UASB124 sp001468855
s__Aquimarina agarilytica
s__JAHJRV01 sp030612085
s__Alistipes sp017629145
s__M50B103 sp030629925
s__Fluviicola sp946479285
s__Sulfurimonas sp027047745
s__Rhizobium sp900470965
s__Caulobacter vibrioides_A
s__Clostridium_E sp947568225
s__JAAYCX01 sp016934555
s__JAJFJV01 sp021773645
s__Solirubrum oligotrophum
s__UBA6987 sp902761665
s__Psychrobacter immobilis_C
s__GCA-001735895 sp947259305
s__UMGS1754 sp017524665
s__JAUWCL01 sp030613345
s__JAHKAY01 sp018825785
s__Limnocylindrus sp947483025
s__Prevotella sp000163055
s__Bilifractor sp946611445
s__Acinetobacter sp004331175
s__UBA1234 sp017462965
s__BOG-931 sp030039105
s__JAIOPI01 sp021413965
s__UBA2334 sp030824555
s__Novosphingobium fuchskuhlense
s__Phyllobacterium sp020164435
s__JACKPD01 sp024233785
s__CAKXIK01 sp029008595
s__Gallionella sp030681375
s__Collinsella sp019419625
s__Clostridium_AK peptidivorans
s__JAOZVK01 sp029938185
s__Treponema_D bryantii_A
s__CANHEE01 sp947459655
s__CANRPV01 sp947632575
s__JAOZQW01 sp029932015
s__JAALLB01 sp021775415
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp028279555
s__Bacteroides sp947074235
s__Occultella aeris
s__Limnohabitans_A sp937897495
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio sp021353295
s__Pedobacter petrophilus
s__UBA12480 sp029559475
s__Capnocytophaga sp030523915
s__UBA5232 sp012842045
s__JAIPED01 sp021737325
s__JADLDQ01 sp020846575
s__Streptomyces olindensis
s__Bacillus_A cereus_BE
s__Enterousia sp017546085
s__Pelagibacter sp902583345
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp934276485
s__Phenylobacterium soli
s__Ruminiclostridium_E sp947629925
s__JABWCI01 sp028691535
s__Polaribacter_A sp016763595
s__DSAD01 sp011372875
s__Nocardioides_C sp002384855
s__JAGGTG01 sp021163905
s__UBA737 sp017554405
s__Cohnella endophytica
s__JALGVG01 sp029821455
s__JAIOYM01 sp021741085
s__Spirosoma rhododendri
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp937897645
s__GCA-2748055 sp011056635
s__Arthrobacter sp000281065
s__Flavobacterium sp947632075
s__42-54-T18 sp913063495
s__Fournierella sp944382705
s__UBA6115 sp963169565
s__Oricola indica
s__Halioglobus sp002862465
s__Aliiroseovarius sp025140835
s__Campylobacter_D sp030528245
s__Kuenenia hertensis
s__Actinotalea sp023630195
s__RFPC01 sp009926305
s__JACQJK01 sp016205055
s__UBA1543 sp021545645
s__Stenotrophomonas sp030549615
s__JARBTN01 sp029240195
s__CAHJWL01 sp937873265
s__Rhizomicrobium sp031291635
s__Dokdonella_A sp023412995
s__Pedosphaera sp000172555
s__Geomobilibacter argillaceus
s__OLB17 sp021155145
s__Acidiphilium sp026191915
s__PALSA-660 sp023252055
s__Wagnerdoeblera intermedia
s__JAQSDB01 sp029945725
s__JAACSU01 sp010119145
s__UBA3792 sp918244965
s__CAG-552 sp015055705
s__Arachnia sp947286155
s__Paenisporosarcina cavernae
s__JAAYJK01 sp012522955
s__JAAFJM01 sp947456185
s__Demequina phytophila
s__B33-G16 sp030615565
s__Modestobacter sp025965635
s__Marihabitans endophyticum
s__Pseudobacter hemicellulosilyticus
s__Bifidobacterium amazonense
s__GCA-2709075 sp913052165
s__Acutalibacter sp947644325
s__BOG-1112 sp016186945
s__JAABSR01 sp011390245
s__Udaeobacter sp003218345
s__Blastopirellula marina
s__FS08-3 sp020721815
s__WGA-3G sp951828515
s__JAHFGU01 sp023247285
s__JACRCG01 sp903876875
s__JAJFJO01 sp021774015
s__CAMCUU01 sp947478175
s__CAG-269 sp934120645
s__Glaciecola nitratireducens
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp024124545
s__DSVZ01 sp015075445
s__Paludibacter sp002427885
s__JAJCZZ01 sp029262115
s__Palsa-189 sp003223315
s__MED-G116 sp902596655
s__UBA6857 sp015066105
s__JAHAAN01 sp018376855
s__Caldicellulosiruptor kronotskyensis
s__Novosphingobium sp020446595
s__Streptomyces roseus
s__SLJM01 sp007119175
s__JAHJCN01 sp018812905
s__Acinetobacter sp028621895
s__LSUCC0057 sp024639885
s__Acidovorax sp027492855
s__B3-TA06 sp005223075
s__Limosilactobacillus caecicola
s__Chryseobacterium sp024399315
s__Isoptericola cucumis
s__JALHNI01 sp019752335
s__Cytobacillus oceanisediminis
s__UBA6262 sp028712365
s__Microlunatus_A elymi
s__HK-STAS-PATE-3 sp023898465
s__JAUWNJ01 sp030631085
s__Paenibacillus_A zeisoli
s__UBA12170 sp020718315
s__OFTM391 sp029260475
s__CG2-30-40-21 sp016208205
s__Vescimonas sp934569425
s__ELB16-189 sp027317105
s__JALYHE01 sp030776705
s__CAMJAG01 sp946403545
s__Pseudosulfitobacter koreense
s__Pelagibacter sp902620265
s__UBA940 sp031285485
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031267715
s__JADZDZ01 sp020848155
s__Streptomyces fuscichromogenes
s__M30B41 sp018402085
s__Glo-17 sp022711765
s__JAQVBK01 sp028690365
s__Propionivibrio sp903910495
s__Borkfalkia sp949292885
s__Hydrogenobaculum sp003543175
s__YB1-3 sp030859945
s__Enterococcus_A ferrettii
s__JOPF099 sp030037405
s__Vitreimonas sp002083515
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp949298805
s__CALXNP01 sp944389785
s__JAKEFD01 sp022614915
s__Halomonas halocynthiae
s__Acinetobacter sp025562455
s__GCA-2711515 sp002711515
s__JALHNF01 sp022843645
s__UBA5189 sp016191345
s__Hominiventricola sp947175375
s__RUG440 sp030529625
s__UBA953 sp945906115
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis_B
s__Paenibacillus_V contaminans
s__GCA-2724215 sp022825185
s__UBA1737 sp017937305
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp018100905
s__Zhengella sp019912385
s__Mucilaginibacter sp014205845
s__Phytoactinopolyspora endophytica
s__Prevotella sp017556145
s__Chryseobacterium sp026314945
s__JAAEPI01 sp024232835
s__Lachnoclostridium sp029098165
s__UBA3869 sp024407725
s__Microbacterium sp028198145
s__Pseudomonas_K sp023544715
s__UMGS1279 sp902796905
s__Pseudofulvimonas sp019634735
s__Rothia avicola
s__Microbacterium sp019449275
s__JAJRRA01 sp024279945
s__Sphingomonas_O paeninsulae
s__Marinisoma sp002701645
s__HK1 sp022826505
s__Flavobacterium aquariorum
s__UBA9145 sp902531515
s__HCHbin5 sp015233035
s__UBA1568 sp018499985
s__Pelagibacter sp002169475
s__JAALKW01 sp030147635
s__UBA9862 sp012798755
s__PWIP01 sp003560355
s__JACMIU01 sp014381035
s__PBB1 sp021732645
s__JAADEO01 sp013153415
s__Oceanobacillus chungangensis
s__AC-37 sp019246335
s__Faecousia sp017624715
s__RGIG8767 sp029007885
s__Bauldia sp022841545
s__JAFGKM01 sp016928555
s__Butyrivibrio_A sp014799955
s__Sodaliphilus sp017962765
s__JASEFU01 sp030018455
s__UBA8522 sp017886205
s__Vibrio aphrogenes
s__Labrys sp001676615
s__RGIG2560 sp017431585
s__JAIROO01 sp031270705
s__PHOS-HE28 sp020437875
s__Reyranella sp001557035
s__Opimibacter sp016722045
s__UBA3086 sp027859125
s__JAKUPT01 sp022450595
s__Desulfobacter postgatei_B
s__RGIG4284 sp017464645
s__JAAEST01 sp028378565
s__CACPNW01 sp902635455
s__UBA2450 sp946647665
s__Sphingomicrobium arenosum
s__CAIWMF01 sp019747735
s__Neosynechococcus sphagnicola
s__Hellea sp020629195
s__Streptococcus sp002436115
s__Comamonas odontotermitis_B
s__WTJY01 sp020628815
s__CAG-266 sp019417125
s__Collinsella sp958370785
s__JAHBUV01 sp019637895
s__BS750m-G57 sp016782885
s__CADEEN01 sp011390055
s__Sphingomonas sp028293085
s__CAKZUS01 sp937921805
s__Saccharimonas sp002337095
s__Arenibacter latericius
s__BS150m-G62 sp016784175
s__Defluviilinea sp030263595
s__UBA4416 sp014378485
s__URHD0088 sp021325525
s__JAAYQA01 sp945910665
s__HGM13010 sp017938835
s__CAG-533 sp030524925
s__NBLH01 sp025361565
s__Hyphomonas sediminis
s__DAHXOS01 sp027364775
s__H5-PLA8 sp027493525
s__Choladousia sp947594335
s__Sediminibacterium sp903821465
s__UBA4116 sp021201565
s__JADZCU01 sp020851415
s__Samsonia erythrinae
s__RGIG1959 sp017455295
s__CAG-196 sp934777245
s__Paraburkholderia ferrariae
s__CANQSG01 sp947626485
s__Geothermobacter ehrlichii
s__UBA11490 sp934754475
s__UBA737 sp944384855
s__Chlorogloea purpurea
s__Devosia sp030285925
s__UBA4466 sp018402525
s__WRGC01 sp031286385
s__JALGZP01 sp025774845
s__JAHDBT01 sp020630215
s__Acidoferrum typicum_A
s__Neobacillus niacini_A
s__CAITQP01 sp943350045
s__Bog-877 sp003164475
s__Tabrizicola_A sp937927675
s__BOBG01 sp031273325
s__JAFAZH01 sp019239895
s__Palsa-744 sp903970315
s__Coprovivens sp947598455
s__Azonexus sp016864195
s__Acinetobacter sp004331285
s__UBA11872 sp958296175
s__Pelagibacter sp902552805
s__VGBO01 sp016870475
s__UBA1140 sp026986355
s__Parasynechococcus sp014279755
s__ISDg sp946402335
s__UBA876 sp016926835
s__Bog-366 sp020073545
s__Bradyrhizobium oropedii
s__Cryptobacteroides sp905233655
s__Sulfuricurvum sp030836825
s__DFXE01 sp031267775
s__G020346765 sp020346765
s__VGOE01 sp016876035
s__JACQBY01 sp016201875
s__Rhabdothermincola_A sp025455885
s__Advenella mimigardefordensis
s__Pontiella sp029432815
s__Sphingomonas_N sp000333335
s__SZUA-152 sp002401775
s__FEN-1279 sp016218085
s__JAHDHZ01 sp020629755
s__Vibrio sinaloensis_C
s__Entomohabitans teleogrylli
s__Pelagibacter sp902600855
s__JALRKI01 sp023254815
s__Polyangium aurulentum
s__CALYAO01 sp944393605
s__JAQBTH01 sp027623425
s__JAICLV01 sp025925185
s__CAG-269 sp934167135
s__RGIG10202 sp017961515
s__JAUWCL01 sp030630165
s__OLB17 sp019639155
s__SPBW01 sp018817505
s__OLB19 sp937867625
s__Thermoflexus sp025057635
s__JAAYJT01 sp030684735
s__WFQV01 sp015486905
s__DROE01 sp024279575
s__CAG-115 sp017848155
s__Pricia sp024635875
s__Streptomyces sp900110755
s__Paraglaciecola sp011378905
s__Sphaerochaeta sp018399495
s__RUG099 sp017431685
s__Kribbella capetownensis
s__Prochlorococcus_B marinus_F
s__Stenotrophomonas humi
s__JABEVB01 sp013044165
s__Saccharomonospora sp015910535
s__VXNE01 sp951813515
s__CANHVK01 sp947453545
s__Aureispira sp902727865
s__D2472 sp902515775
s__Roseovarius sp002842985
s__Paenibacillus_W thermoaerophilus
s__Nanopelagicus sp016870455
s__Eilatimonas milleporae
s__Sulfurimonas sp016744025
s__JAHEJB01 sp024639085
s__JAJRQY01 sp024280015
s__JAKORG01 sp029777945
s__Treponema_D sp017484285
s__JAFGJY01 sp016928875
s__WQYJ01 sp031256725
s__Litoreibacter ponti
s__UBA12077 sp021108325
s__Ensifer adhaerens_E
s__Streptomyces corallincola
s__Mycobacterium sp025966225
s__Duganella sp001423125
s__JAOAAY01 sp026418615
s__VGZR01 sp016872515
s__Aequorivita sp030410135
s__Wujia sp017517305
s__JAGVLW01 sp020054105
s__FW305-bin1 sp004297305
s__Nostoc sp029379225
s__JAJRUZ01 sp024277525
s__JACRCG01 sp028683435
s__JADFNZ01 sp022563135
s__JAFGMG01 sp016927655
s__JASBYZ01 sp029983705
s__CANRHR01 sp947630475
s__Thermovibrio ammonificans
s__Desulfobacula sp020048635
s__UBA1740 sp017467205
s__Thalassotalea_F atypica
s__Xanthomarina spongicola
s__Marinospirillum perlucidum
s__UMGS2016 sp944332735
s__UBA2475 sp025363015
s__UBA4417 sp903913645
s__Azohydromonas caseinilytica
s__Collinsella sp958439775
s__Chryseobacterium indologenes_E
s__Streptomyces formicae_A
s__JAAUTS01 sp012031345
s__Mesorhizobium sp017306545
s__Evtepia sp020025735
s__UBA6382 sp017468985
s__JAOUHV01 sp029884425
s__SIG79 sp017503375
s__B130-G9 sp003647755
s__Rhodoferax_C sp002943465
s__Edaphocola sp003852495
s__SZUA-605 sp003250835
s__Fibrisoma limi
s__Enterousia sp017522445
s__UBA7109 sp937950565
s__RGIG4057 sp947178045
s__CALMJK01 sp937864225
s__Pinisolibacter sp021286855
s__Termititenax sp031267055
s__28-YEA-48 sp030684835
s__Thiogranum sp030148775
s__Algoriphagus sp947458585
s__SLOL01 sp007132495
s__CAMDFR01 sp945860705
s__UBA6182 sp012511085
s__Arthrobacter_D echini_A
s__JACOZD01 sp016181525
s__RBG-13-51-36 sp001796515
s__Microbulbifer elongatus_A
s__Novosphingobium sp945870625
s__Pseudorhodobacter_B sp000176015
s__Bact-11 sp012798805
s__RGIG1601 sp017538465
s__UBA8401 sp030679145
s__JAGGAG01 sp017889745
s__Mucilaginibacter inviolabilis
s__Pelagerythrobacter sp946886175
s__SFTH01 sp947596085
s__Choladousia sp021205305
s__OLB17 sp019639235
s__Salegentibacter echinorum
s__CACLCV01 sp913045115
s__Thalassotalea_C marina
s__Sulfurimonas sp014859695
s__UBA1740 sp015063445
s__Methylotetracoccus sp025458755
s__Nanopelagicus sp027730465
s__Desulfocapsa sp029934915
s__UBA1179 sp937916465
s__Faecousia sp015068125
s__JAIRNQ01 sp031254895
s__WRMS01 sp009782505
s__SZUA-178 sp030636965
s__HGM04593 sp937914945
s__Nocardioides sp009701885
s__Limnohabitans_A sp945875955
s__JAHDBJ01 sp020630355
s__FEB-7 sp011391275
s__Phycicoccus sp947495705
s__CAIOGO01 sp022711155
s__Nocardia thailandica
s__Lepagella sp022510405
s__SHYD01 sp009692945
s__JAQVCR01 sp028689665
s__Zeimonas sediminis
s__Streptomyces xanthophaeus_A
s__PGYQ01 sp002839745
s__Anaeroplasma sp024681175
s__JAJCXN01 sp029263415
s__Flavobacterium orientale
s__Lipingzhangella halophila
s__Bremerella volcania
s__Prevotella sp946540435
s__S144-22 sp015494335
s__UBA699 sp002298915
s__DUNJ01 sp012518745
s__Onthovivens sp944372115
s__Lutimonas sp030621915
s__SXOO01 sp018780435
s__CSSed11-197 sp016928015
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp902498745
s__UBA12077 sp016342685
s__Silvanigrella sp014281055
s__Rubinisphaera italica
s__Demequina lutea_A
s__JAKPEE01 sp029552125
s__Shewanella denitrificans
s__Thiomicrorhabdus sp021767305
s__Geothrix fermentans
s__SIG381 sp017508485
s__JADLAZ01 sp020849725
s__Asticcacaulis sp936940865
s__JADLEQ01 sp020846005
s__OLB6 sp030833725
s__Aquabacterium_A sp016213205
s__Streptomyces sp016464295
s__Arthrobacter_D sp002929355
s__DUUS01 sp029004695
s__Geddesella sp934501435
s__JAAFGM01 sp026003755
s__SIG644 sp934476315
s__Glycomyces luteolus
s__Lentimicrobium sp001603685
s__CAG-465 sp947630145
s__JAAFHB01 sp010906965
s__UBA5124 sp028693445
s__Ruania alkalisoli
s__SR-FBR-E99 sp025455395
s__JACTMJ01 sp020847315
s__Vibrio intestinalis
s__Choladousia sp030524665
s__HGM11525 sp017483065
s__Turneriella sp029561505
s__Halomonas binhaiensis
s__Pelagibacter sp902550615
s__B33-G16 sp030669265
s__AR31 sp023249095
s__Methylobacter_A sp030699385
s__CAMJVU01 sp946409305
s__Buchnera aphidicola_AI
s__SZUA-204 sp003228585
s__UBA2156 sp011049715
s__Erythrobacter ani
s__JAIRLU01 sp031284195
s__CAJCIW01 sp021324995
s__Faecousia sp029100605
s__AG-422-B15 sp902613805
s__Rhodobaculum sp007129775
s__UBA10364 sp012269745
s__JAGMAN01 sp021129695
s__MWFE01 sp029558675
s__Saccharibacter sp009834805
s__Nitrospira_A sp024998625
s__Pontibacter aydingkolensis
s__Ruminiclostridium hungatei
s__Gallionella sp019449655
s__DTU052 sp002329495
s__Nocardioides sp947488515
s__RAAP-2 sp021781315
s__Sphingobium ummariense
s__Mailhella sp023450535
s__Pleomorphomonas oryzae
s__JAISMF01 sp031276865
s__Xianfuyuplasma sp029939615
s__CALMHV01 sp937863905
s__Galliscardovia catulorum
s__Bacillus_AE acidicola
s__Lysobacter_B sp030528565
s__JAKJGA01 sp029554345
s__BAIKAL-G1 sp945875915
s__UBA935 sp031285465
s__Hippea maritima
s__2-01-FULL-60-11 sp001800085
s__Limivicinus sp902786615
s__Pseudomonas_E sp900291015
s__Pelagibacter sp902574725
s__CSBR16-193 sp007117035
s__M3007 sp020852155
s__CAG-533 sp902767375
s__Phocaeicola_A sp017416805
s__CAIKAH01 sp945872225
s__Mariniplasma anaerobium
s__Rhodococcus spelaei
s__Caulobacter sp016234625
s__DTU089 sp015065785
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902518475
s__C7867-001 sp026396715
s__Halomonas ventosae_C
s__JAAELL01 sp024226735
s__Pristimantibacillus intestinavium
s__NK3A76 sp017442845
s__SBBB01 sp005239895
s__SIG423 sp017464985
s__SpSt-583 sp016789165
s__UBA9628 sp016212825
s__Pseudomonas_E sp029963765
s__GCA-002684695 sp902539295
s__Bradyrhizobium betae_A
s__Enterousia sp017392345
s__Fibrobacter sp017412605
s__UBA1259 sp946627905
s__SIG575 sp017520635
s__Iodobacter sp026399755
s__JAEUKQ01 sp016794225
s__JAJCYX01 sp028278465
s__Flavobacterium sp030929595
s__Blochmannia sp014857065
s__Azonexus sp003441615
s__JAQVSV01 sp028700325
s__SCUK01 sp024710875
s__Paraburkholderia ribeironis
s__Polymorphobacter_B sp903643075
s__Paenibacillus_A turicensis
s__UBA7185 sp902462325
s__JAGMCN01 sp030605695
s__UBA2730 sp934167695
s__Paraburkholderia lacunae
s__Nitrospira_D sp005116955
s__DAOWNK01 sp030642635
s__Methylobacillus glycogenes
s__UBA5536 sp028704385
s__CADDYR01 sp902810765
s__UBA6857 sp934561055
s__Treponema_D sp022510885
s__JAOUNW01 sp029880755
s__W260 sp030431095
s__Cryptobacteroides sp946185205
s__Sulfuricystis sp030652245
s__Paeniglutamicibacter sp003287975
s__JADLGF01 sp020849415
s__JACKEC01 sp019637095
s__Ferrimonas sediminum
s__Treponema_D sp017962965
s__Dongia sp016183985
s__CASDTD01 sp949283445
s__Prochloron sp014323965
s__Cognatishimia sp030548175
s__NIOZ-UU13 sp013202635
s__JAJQRF01 sp021228405
s__JAPHSX01 sp026196575
s__Sphingomonas sp903642285
s__Acinetobacter sp013072695
s__Daejeonella sp016868395
s__Faecousia sp934589705
s__JAEZOU01 sp937901925
s__2-01-FULL-39-10-A sp018061075
s__CAIJMQ01 sp028715665
s__DTU064 sp947630015
s__UBA6259 sp002441135
s__Acidimangrovimonas sp913064775
s__Paucimonas sp004114795
s__Brachybacterium avium
s__JAJPII01 sp021324825
s__SCVQ01 sp016201805
s__CAG-196 sp944323325
s__GCA-2704665 sp902601765
s__JAPORI01 sp026710225
s__JALYNK01 sp030773235
s__Chryseobacterium sp026163565
s__UBA1784 sp002315455
s__JAPLHV01 sp026389455
s__NEAU-GS5 sp017592665
s__JAHEJB01 sp022561755
s__Lacisediminihabitans sp025363205
s__Vitreimonas sp902826145
s__Nocardia pseudovaccinii
s__Arthrobacter humi
s__UBA1081 sp017473925
s__Lentihominibacter sp902763505
s__LD21 sp012729475
s__Arenibacter arenosicollis
s__UBA12170 sp021157585
s__Casp-actino5 sp022425725
s__UBA1404 sp002305075
s__Flavonifractor sp944387215
s__Pedobacter sp003852525
s__GCA-001735895 sp024638385
s__Microbacterium sp030818935
s__UBA1217 sp902784465
s__Proteiniphilum sp002410825
s__Brevibacillus choshinensis
s__Pseudemcibacter sp020446675
s__UBA5796 sp020722305
s__JAAYXM01 sp012515925
s__Bog-257 sp003135315
s__ER46 sp002288455
s__UBA11996 sp003228105
s__UBA1267 sp947168905
s__Cohnella hashimotonis
s__WREQ01 sp009779255
s__Anaeromassilibacillus sp015667585
s__ZLKRG08 sp018883345
s__UMGS2069 sp947595235
s__UBA12077 sp030668615
s__Sandarakinorhabdus sp002256005
s__Aristaeella sp024404245
s__CAIPLT01 sp018335915
s__Streptococcus sp902461025
s__Abiotrophia sp030525795
s__SURF-16 sp003605035
s__Desulfatibia_A sp013203195
s__JARBTQ01 sp029240075
s__Duodenibacillus sp019418605
s__ZCTH02-B6 sp002159155
s__Enterousia sp017546265
s__Bifidobacterium pseudolongum_C
s__Luteolibacter sp945873125
s__JAEDJI01 sp934090595
s__Desulfocapsa sp029935315
s__CALLPO01 sp937944175
s__JAFCZJ01 sp019314375
s__GWB1-37-8 sp016204535
s__Vescimonas sp017448145
s__Mariprofundus sp021772835
s__Croceibacterium sp014359685
s__Saccharofermentans sp024403655
s__Acetatifactor sp947595925
s__Tannerella sp031260575
s__GCA-2748055 sp030637895
s__SIRW01 sp004366205
s__Actinomycetospora sp030269665
s__Fimenecus sp937916195
s__WRNU01 sp031285365
s__Oceanicaulis sp030733545
s__RGIG4131 sp945788225
s__Rhodococcus sp004211695
s__Aquitalea sp013391415
s__JAHEKE01 sp024638505
s__JAADEI01 sp024280615
s__Leptospirillum sp021838765
s__Eubacterium_R sp946042285
s__GCA-2698665 sp029246085
s__JAADGZ01 sp013152045
s__CFX2 sp016788625
s__Sphingomonas sp024508665
s__Haemophilus_D sp015255025
s__RGIG4822 sp017484065
s__Limnohabitans_A sp021298995
s__Nocardia higoensis_A
s__Vicinibacter sp019694255
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp024684955
s__JANBVM01 sp024239015
s__Hominiventricola sp021204285
s__BM705 sp002869165
s__Pseudonocardia sp030147065
s__JAMCRT01 sp023380695
s__Prevotella sp905236815
s__Arthrobacter sp000526335
s__Eubacterium_Q sp902783605
s__Bradyrhizobium semiaridum
s__GWC2-45-19 sp001002405
s__Sulfurimonas sp023229025
s__Metallibacterium sp021818335
s__SZAS-15 sp018240015
s__JABMNX01 sp013204405
s__AG29 sp003222115
s__Edaphobacter aggregans_A
s__JAUSJT01 sp030647485
s__BOG-234 sp903923395
s__JAPLGD01 sp028713635
s__Desulfuromusa kysingii
s__Solirubrobacter sp000425945
s__Hylemonella sp020621965
s__CAG-177 sp024404015
s__Psychromonas sp000153405
s__UBA8752 sp943787435
s__WRMS01 sp018436095
s__Pseudomonas_E sp026224925
s__Elainella sp025454395
s__JANSYL01 sp024742455
s__CAKOSP01 sp934102335
s__JABSOQ01 sp030432925
s__Halobacillus sp000786645
s__Conexibacter sp023405705
s__Nitrosomonas communis_A
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017455065
s__Palsa-504 sp019246795
s__JAISWF01 sp031279155
s__Marinomonas sp026113935
s__UBA738 sp017455685
s__CAMQYB01 sp947041165
s__JABDGM01 sp029781135
s__Motiliproteus coralliicola
s__JAGIBK01 sp017744355
s__FACHB-1406 sp014698145
s__JAAEUE01 sp024227565
s__UBA7707 sp023400985
s__UBA3636 sp017457625
s__CASDRH01 sp949283075
s__JACPJO01 sp016187485
s__JAAYUH01 sp026414995
s__Rossellomorea sp005938125
s__Desulfobacula sp019314105
s__UBA1573 sp946481105
s__JACESI01 sp013911885
s__UBA2991 sp009838385
s__JAPOLP01 sp029977045
s__Palsa-187 sp025463005
s__UBA929 sp009782215
s__Arenibacterium_A sp030164465
s__Desulfosporosinus sp004766055
s__Bacillus_BD endozanthoxylica
s__Flavobacterium sp024054175
s__RBG-16-68-14 sp001796995
s__UBA4572 sp027415455
s__Sporosarcina thermotolerans
s__DYQY01 sp028706105
s__FEN-1349 sp003153915
s__Fibromonas sp031281265
s__Devosia_A sp016793415
s__Lactiplantibacillus pingfangensis
s__RAAP-2 sp003141815
s__Marvinbryantia sp947631355
s__UBA965 sp937876225
s__DUNV01 sp016841605
s__JAACET01 sp030614915
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio sp017471675
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_G
s__Pelagibacter sp902554335
s__JAFAQI01 sp019246495
s__CAG-411 sp022791815
s__GCA-2687015 sp029261775
s__Faecousia sp015068225
s__JACCXM01 sp025937615
s__QWJF01 sp009391835
s__WGA-3G sp022821495
s__JACRBE01 sp016213235
s__AG-363-N16 sp902634515
s__Pelobium arcticum
s__Methylomonas sp024505185
s__JAUPVL01 sp030917065
s__CV81 sp013389125
s__Chordicoccus sp017420605
s__JADKHC01 sp016721945
s__UBA2334 sp020048405
s__JALHNY01 sp022843285
s__Sphaerochaeta sp001603105
s__WHTX01 sp009377505
s__CALWRD01 sp902495025
s__PHAE01 sp002840285
s__CANRLS01 sp947625405
s__UBA5072 sp016926205
s__Paracrocinitomix mangrovi
s__Fictibacillus_C solisalsi
s__Agrococcus sp031179215
s__JAJDGF01 sp030265545
s__Pelagibacter sp902617625
s__UBA6183 sp004293295
s__RGIG7300 sp017416185
s__Gorillibacterium sp023511325
s__F1-20-MAGs119 sp018970175
s__JAAYXZ01 sp012515635
s__WRMW01 sp025997195
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp944389065
s__CAG-196 sp944323435
s__Phyllobacterium sp900473175
s__IDS-52 sp030428885
s__Aliicoccus persicus
s__JAKISE01 sp027067135
s__CFX2 sp903864435
s__Limivicinus sp902798545
s__Mucilaginibacter sp016763755
s__CAG-273 sp944388985
s__JACCTI01 sp013695905
s__JAHFGO01 sp023247385
s__Alkanindiges illinoisensis_A
s__Polaribacter batillariae
s__Treponema_D sp017446265
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902527105
s__Onthomorpha sp017647065
s__BS150m-G53 sp016784385
s__Ventrenecus sp947598285
s__B1SED10-74M sp007119335
s__Microsaccharimonas sp002429245
s__AC-67 sp005884515
s__UBA2284 sp021736335
s__S012-90 sp026989615
s__JAUXIZ01 sp030620855
s__Limimorpha sp946410535
s__JAAYMU01 sp012520405
s__JAGVVH01 sp019135895
s__JACPSV01 sp016193115
s__G020354625 sp020354625
s__Occallatibacter sp015654835
s__GCA-021513135 sp021513135
s__Contendobacter sp012031845
s__Streptomyces sp028369295
s__Gluconacetobacter asukensis
s__Sodaliphilus sp902776955
s__Streptomyces sabulosicollis
s__JAEUHS01 sp016794035
s__Streptomyces sp000720845
s__Desertifilum sp010672635
s__Nanosyncoccus sp947166125
s__WRNG01 sp009783135
s__Agathobacter sp945971355
s__JAPLWM01 sp026396575
s__RBG-16-60-22 sp001796935
s__JAPPPA01 sp030425645
s__JAUSFV01 sp030649305
s__Leptothoe sp000482245
s__DFXE01 sp002381645
s__Egerieousia sp017618115
s__AG-337-I02 sp902521315
s__Puniceicoccus sp913056175
s__Modestobacter sp000620205
s__RUG14219 sp022641775
s__L1I39 sp017742835
s__JADCRZ01 sp014380425
s__VGEM01 sp016869315
s__JAMWCN01 sp023819505
s__Pelagibacter sp902592985
s__JAGVOW01 sp020052515
s__Pseudomonas schmalbachii
s__QNFE01 sp003645455
s__JALZVN01 sp938022165
s__Brachybacterium phenoliresistens
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003279845
s__Arachnia sp012837465
s__Shinella sp946479415
s__VBOC01 sp005877655
s__Erythrobacter sp030066995
s__JAIRLC01 sp031259645
s__Virgibacillus sp000725285
s__UBA2779 sp002748225
s__Lutibacter sp030748365
s__Palsa-459 sp003135595
s__TMED54 sp902615325
s__JAUIJE01 sp030431455
s__SURF-10 sp020444205
s__Lentimicrobium sp023441805
s__JAUWNZ01 sp030612385
s__Halobacillus litoralis_F
s__TMED62 sp902615805
s__Roseococcus flocculans
s__Pelagibacter sp902633985
s__Prochlorococcus_B sp902629395
s__Rudaea sp018240545
s__CALRBL01 sp943354075
s__Halothece sp009909085
s__HGW-BRC1-1 sp002842095
s__CF-162 sp022560365
s__JAISGK01 sp031263155
s__AG-422-B15 sp902605215
s__JALZUU01 sp937928405
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp000239855
s__DP-6 sp005879795
s__Treponema_D sp017544745
s__UBA9636 sp016235185
s__Kineobactrum sediminis
s__CAIKZZ01 sp025351005
s__Pseudomonas_E sp015354575
s__Chelativorans sp029457495
s__SZUA-224 sp016212345
s__CAG-177 sp024692685
s__C7867-001 sp003229135
s__Streptomyces dysideae
s__Paenibacillus_O pasadenensis_A
s__JAHDHP01 sp020631245
s__JALYUS01 sp937968015
s__JAIRLK01 sp031255475
s__DYKF01 sp020722745
s__JAHJSD01 sp018830585
s__Collinsella sp019425005
s__Sphingomicrobium sp025936675
s__JAHECE01 sp029975645
s__JACCYX01 sp030858375
s__VGAH01 sp016870945
s__SXTU01 sp016235545
s__GCA-2402195 sp002402195
s__Gloeobacter kilaueensis
s__CAMNOX01 sp946547305
s__Saccharofermentans sp024695565
s__CAG-873 sp022509065
s__Xenorhabdus kozodoii
s__NIOZ-UU35 sp016783125
s__Alitiscatomonas sp017380975
s__Treponema_D sp016283615
s__JAGQTY01 sp020438795
s__Prevotella sp946622085
s__JAADEM01 sp027034005
s__Shewanella acanthi
s__CALMSM01 sp937872425
s__Bradyrhizobium liaoningense_A
s__Lautropia sp030532425
s__Chryseobacterium hagamense
s__Prevotella sp017548605
s__Streptomyces griseus_I
s__UBA4465 sp902605755
s__Chordicoccus sp902773435
s__JAJFIX01 sp021774575
s__Rhizobium sp014195095
s__JAHFKF01 sp023245475
s__Sporanaerobium hydrogeniformans
s__JAFGQJ01 sp020353535
s__Paenibacillus_E sp022163125
s__Prevotella sp017430675
s__Neorhizobium deserti
s__JAFKFJ01 sp017307335
s__Agromyces ramosus
s__Gillisia mitskevichiae
s__GCA-2746235 sp937919925
s__Pelagibacter sp902553845
s__JAIPIO01 sp021734595
s__Anaerobacillus_A sp017303315
s__JAAZGD01 sp937928455
s__Tetrasphaera japonica
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017615435
s__JAHIEZ01 sp018901355
s__Caballeronia sordidicola
s__DSYL01 sp018000835
s__Maricaulis sp030149425
s__RUG131 sp947625975
s__JALNZU01 sp019454985
s__Allorhizobium desertarenae
s__Paenibacillus sp001517085
s__1-14-0-10-41-28 sp002773755
s__Erysipelothrix sp011400295
s__Gemmiger sp944382785
s__Secundilactobacillus yichangensis
s__JAUMWV01 sp030528545
s__Paenacidovorax sp011303755
s__QS-8-64-29 sp003022125
s__SZUA-567 sp003249795
s__Kaistella yonginensis
s__Neisseria montereyensis
s__Occallatibacter sp015655195
s__UBA3282 sp002493835
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003214315
s__JAFDCJ01 sp024277475
s__Metabacillus_C lacus
s__Poriferisocius sp022827725
s__Agromyces archimandritae
s__JAQTZX01 sp028717985
s__UBA2813 sp017471365
s__JALUBW01 sp027044735
s__PALSA-1444 sp003153295
s__Bact-19 sp017620015
s__AAA536-G10 sp002691185
s__JADHVM01 sp030609215
s__Paraburkholderia sp003610295
s__TMED109 sp030828505
s__Amylibacter sp018223125
s__Fen-1258 sp026390795
s__RGIG8050 sp017473795
s__CAG-611 sp945947035
s__Flavobacterium sp017988155
s__Azospirillum brasilense_D
s__Microvirga makkahensis
s__Shinella zoogloeoides_B
s__DRLX01 sp011051825
s__JAAXHH01 sp026705925
s__Anaerovibrio sp945949525
s__JACQIJ01 sp016198545
s__Thioploca ingrica
s__RUG592 sp947174455
s__Chth-196 sp947449735
s__Bact-08 sp001603425
s__JAJRVH01 sp021545585
s__UBA7332 sp002471225
s__CAIVPW01 sp945904955
s__JAAELY01 sp024226335
s__PCPOR2b sp022822785
s__Enterenecus sp947623875
s__UBA3855 sp947629905
s__JAAYEL01 sp012728755
s__BACL27 sp003569125
s__JAQVPP01 sp028702045
s__JAHCJI01 sp030426395
s__Nanosynbacter sp937976315
s__UBA940 sp031285405
s__Fibrobacter sp024399035
s__Georhizobium haloflavum
s__C7867-001 sp030837225
s__Pelagibacter sp902626645
s__Thiomicrospira sp002421475
s__Faecousia sp015067585
s__Mangrovicoccus sp005870025
s__UBA5189 sp012026785
s__Urechidicola sp905479835
s__RUG11194 sp024427125
s__20CM-2-65-7 sp003220985
s__CAIJLX01 sp903821695
s__CAG-698 sp016282055
s__CAJOGA01 sp905233855
s__Streptococcus sp905221105
s__Nocardioides simplex_A
s__Gillisia sp024635655
s__Enterococcus_J sp946409145
s__CAIWHF01 sp030831005
s__Peribacillus_A sp002860285
s__Polynucleobacter sp018688455
s__BOG-931 sp021324465
s__Quinella sp017477125
s__DSM-9736 sp900187405
s__Quinella sp905235425
s__JAMBLL01 sp023336815
s__WTKD01 sp011524535
s__Leptospira_A wolbachii
s__UBA6055 sp002428985
s__UBA5150 sp002413795
s__Ancylobacter lacus
s__Flavobacterium eburneipallidum
s__Gemella bergeri
s__UBA6912 sp002450985
s__UBA4372 sp017619335
s__Micromonospora lutea
s__Ventrenecus sp947626215
s__SHWC01 sp009691045
s__Sulfurimonas sp030837195
s__Faecousia sp017466665
s__Akkermansia sp030535875
s__JAGOJE01 sp017995275
s__Erythrobacter sp947495555
s__CADCTB01 sp023265025
s__Rhodanobacter sp004322005
s__Brochothrix campestris
s__CAG-605 sp934098445
s__Pseudanabaena sp003249035
s__Arthrobacter_M sp026932795
s__Gracilibacillus suaedae
s__Ornithospirochaeta avicola
s__Casp-alpha2 sp022564115
s__JAAXGI01 sp024638345
s__Moraxella sp030177935
s__Nitrosomonas sp030431985
s__Pseudomonas_E composti_A
s__JAQXIO01 sp029007825
s__JAJDAB01 sp029262095
s__Actinotalea sp012514545
s__Trichormus sp021596505
s__Planktophila sp947463725
s__Niastella vici
s__UBA2033 sp016711485
s__PALSA-1006 sp004297065
s__UBA5500 sp029781045
s__JACIXC01 sp014360655
s__WRKJ01 sp009780245
s__RBG-13-43-22 sp016208255
s__Tabrizicola sp005222785
s__JAHEFE01 sp024640365
s__JANQGV01 sp028282925
s__CAIVSN01 sp903908595
s__Porphyromonas_A sp030532005
s__Stenotrophomonas sp021733645
s__DUPI01 sp012838395
s__UBA4421 sp913041025
s__Streptococcus mitis_BC
s__UphvI-Ar2 sp019638675
s__JAEDJI01 sp934101185
s__CAIUKX01 sp016178305
s__Anaerotignum sp017523325
s__Prevotella sp017619275
s__WQYJ01 sp031260385
s__CAG-488 sp017450135
s__SZUA-37 sp024275115
s__UBA1188 sp024691665
s__Shewanella piezotolerans
s__Legionella sp026191355
s__Faecivicinus sp004555155
s__Pelagibacter sp902618855
s__Novosphingobium kaempferiae
s__JAHWLA01 sp019347595
s__Fen-1038 sp021796315
s__Phreatobacter stygius
s__DRGS01 sp011053245
s__PLanc-01 sp002327785
s__Roseomonas indoligenes
s__JAKJEU01 sp022705265
s__CAG-267 sp017546315
s__Flagellimonas sp947495325
s__JAITXV01 sp031284745
s__Faecousia sp948439445
s__JAISXG01 sp031270605
s__Paraburkholderia sp900996225
s__Pelagibacter sp902602105
s__UBA1100 sp003517285
s__SIG200 sp947624125
s__JACNJL01 sp015660155
s__Seonamhaeicola sp028281565
s__DDPF01 sp030157565
s__Novosphingobium sp002198665
s__VGAZ01 sp016870615
s__Pararoseburia sp934352055
s__LZORAL124-64-63 sp029935695
s__T78 sp017995665
s__Rubrivivax sp001295905
s__JAHWJO01 sp019348365
s__Shimazuella soli
s__JJ008 sp016786965
s__JAITMU01 sp031277195
s__UBA9715 sp905234785
s__Geodermatophilus ruber
s__JAOZQC01 sp029932425
s__Arthrobacter sp018613755
s__JAFUXM01 sp017540085
s__TMED14 sp013205365
s__CALJFL01 sp938074135
s__Pontiella sp030625905
s__JAHFKJ01 sp023245415
s__Bosea sp017308015
s__JAIRKQ01 sp031260055
s__Pontiella sp003246265
s__Nocardiopsis aegyptia
s__Kordiimonas sp016763495
s__UBA1672 sp027066695
s__Agathobacter sp015057085
s__Enterorhabdus sp022792415
s__Roseovarius sp937881735
s__Lysobacter antibioticus_A
s__UBA1784 sp015061605
s__Sphingomonas taxi_A
s__UBA4096 sp937931205
s__Lacticaseibacillus jixianensis
s__Alpha-05 sp016937315
s__Neobacillus sp946151075
s__LD21 sp937864815
s__JAADFN01 sp013152895
s__JALHPC01 sp025455735
s__Bosea sp023452965
s__Streptococcus sp013277475
s__Pararhizobium_B mangrovi
s__Palsa-343 sp030037475
s__Anaerocaecibacter sp947384195
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_H
s__Cognatishimia activa_B
s__Versatilivorator sp951813285
s__Desulfamplus sp015232935
s__Bradyrhizobium sp018131075
s__VMCP01 sp947487175
s__Aggregatimonas sangjinii
s__UBA1786 sp024682395
s__UBA961 sp023259575
s__UBA1183 sp944389435
s__Paraglaciecola sp002835935
s__CAIPSZ01 sp030689605
s__Yoonia sp947503925
s__JAADGQ01 sp013152295
s__Xenorhabdus vietnamensis
s__CAILUG01 sp031260485
s__Saccharicenans sp028749115
s__CAHJWL01 sp903642235
s__Brevundimonas poindexterae
s__Haematomicrobium sanguinis
s__J005 sp003695905
s__Fimenecus sp016290515
s__Pelagibacter sp902536975
s__Waterburya sp030064975
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003216755
s__UBA2804 sp016284235
s__Lewinella cohaerens
s__Bin80 sp026702635
s__Palsa-360 sp020073485
s__Halobacillus fulvus
s__UBA5760 sp028717305
s__M50B103 sp937862595
s__Acetatifactor sp947588205
s__UBA738 sp029009095
s__Sediminibacterium sp012270485
s__Stappia sp900105595
s__GCA-2712585 sp002712585
s__Thiohalomonas denitrificans
s__Paenibacillus_G puerhi
s__UBA4372 sp017445145
s__CAINVV01 sp023229575
s__Ga0077553 sp947505565
s__Saccharofermentans sp017617295
s__PNNO01 sp021158225
s__JAGVVH01 sp937949745
s__JACAEB01 sp024236075
s__Pelagibacter sp902582235
s__Alistipes sp947174575
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288025
s__Prevotella sp017619755
s__Legionella_A nagasakiensis
s__CAJUPY01 sp945231345
s__JANQEE01 sp028278525
s__Fimenecus sp937898195
s__Perlucidibaca sp937928295
s__JAUIKQ01 sp030430655
s__Actinosynnema pretiosum
s__JAJXXT01 sp021785335
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902626045
s__Sphingomonas sp903643065
s__OXYB2-FULL-48-7 sp001800495
s__Kaistella sp946892665
s__Cypionkella antarctica_B
s__1-14-0-20-64-10 sp002787095
s__Pseudomonas_E sp027988105
s__Avelusimicrobium sp002309715
s__JAFGQB01 sp016935915
s__Prevotella sp018127805
s__UBA1328 sp027623655
s__HTCC2207 sp028822155
s__Sediminibacterium sp947442905
s__Thermocrinis_A minervae
s__Aegiribacteria sp030620995
s__JACRCG01 sp028688955
s__Riemerella columbina
s__Lentihominibacter sp946629205
s__JAUYCX01 sp030692045
s__Mailhella sp944324085
s__BACL27 sp016870935
s__QWOP01 sp947453125
s__JAITNA01 sp031290715
s__Nonomuraea angiospora
s__UBA4636 sp017507595
s__Corynebacterium pseudopelargi
s__AG-339-G14 sp902527995
s__UBA7239 sp937864065
s__Gp6-AA45 sp020073005
s__JAGGUF01 sp021158595
s__UBA2943 sp946627565
s__Paratractidigestivibacter sp030530145
s__JAGXLK01 sp018334735
s__CAG-841 sp024693345
s__Acidulodesulfobacterium_A sp021799935
s__Pseudohongiella sp030652635
s__Rhodobium gokarnense
s__Nostoc sp020829685
s__UBA4248 sp017555665
s__UBA8316 sp949372605
s__Hymenobacter sp025353905
s__Mycobacterium aquaticum
s__JADJCH01 sp023150375
s__Microvirga sp014699075
s__Poriferisocius sp022825005
s__Gallimonas sp947623655
s__CAG-417 sp002477275
s__Lepagella sp023667055
s__Mucilaginibacter limnophilus
s__Henriciella sp001854405
s__Turneriella sp018240245
s__UBA3478 sp023262185
s__Streptomyces sp026342435
s__UBA2192 sp013177795
s__Mesorhizobium onobrychidis
s__Tous-C4FEB sp002737275
s__Paucisalibacillus globulus
s__JACQQS01 sp016206925
s__QNZT01 sp027081495
s__CANQBQ01 sp947589045
s__DYLV01 sp937921485
s__Neisseria lactamica_B
s__Pelagibacter sp902610755
s__CAKKQI01 sp919901895
s__JAJVHV01 sp022072445
s__Bordetella_C sp002119685
s__Cryptobacteroides sp015060325
s__Pelagibacter sp902615445
s__Terriglobus_A albidus_A
s__Rubrobacter_F sp902806075
s__Aquabacterium_A sp023150345
s__Phycicoccus_A sp029778715
s__Confluentibacter sediminis
s__UBA7672 sp947474455
s__UBA929 sp031271525
s__Sphingopyxis sp013911715
s__Tabrizicola sp017303485
s__Epilithonimonas sp003932955
s__CAMDPA01 sp945862355
s__JABDMH01 sp030432855
s__JABBGTR01 sp018813375
s__JACCXF01 sp030913945
s__CAG-632 sp017461045
s__Billgrantia campisalis
s__Spiroplasma_A taiwanense
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031278405
s__HRBIN16 sp028275265
s__Thiobacillus sp020217265
s__Pelagibacter sp902582735
s__Pseudonocardia kunmingensis
s__JAJZAK01 sp021790955
s__UBA11774 sp958428365
s__Campylobacter_A concisus_AT
s__G023898725 sp023898725
s__Lacunisphaera sp016190985
s__UMGS1484 sp017439545
s__GCA-2704625 sp902599805
s__CADEFF01 sp902826565
s__JAEWRL01 sp023398955
s__JAITRE01 sp031259495
s__UBA8515 sp903854645
s__Arenibacter sp023015865
s__JADFWS01 sp015234065
s__UBA3855 sp946535685
s__UBA3637 sp017394405
s__UBA1189 sp017396545
s__Streptomyces megasporus
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp021820785
s__Sinosporangium siamense
s__SHVO01 sp009694245
s__JACOUK01 sp016177905
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902566945
s__Lenti-01 sp937872095
s__Methylopila jiangsuensis
s__MGBC124762 sp947599925
s__Mycobacterium sp020438865
s__JADYYL01 sp020853655
s__Ferruginibacter sp025362055
s__Spyradosoma sp017440935
s__WHTG01 sp009377835
s__Corynebacterium sp030530965
s__CACXMZ01 sp017459485
s__RUG12395 sp946410595
s__Aminipila terrae
s__CAJMNU01 sp030524485
s__CAG-303 sp017412055
s__Chitinophaga lutea
s__Collinsella sp019414465
s__JACRGP01 sp016217765
s__Thermus amyloliquefaciens
s__JAFLUQ01 sp022508735
s__Profundibacterium mesophilum
s__Alistipes sp017646625
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius_E
s__JAIRLS01 sp031265445
s__Ruegeria sp003318255
s__Dysgonomonas sp010501065
s__OLB10 sp963169685
s__Segetibacter aerophilus
s__Halarcobacter sp947494995
s__Alicyclobacillus acidiphilus
s__OMII01 sp903904735
s__Moheibacter sp023461035
s__Halomicronema sp016888165
s__Fimisoma sp021769295
s__JAUXYJ01 sp030694465
s__JACJYE01 sp963169455
s__1-14-0-10-49-15 sp002773415
s__Paenibacillus_J wulumuqiensis
s__Treponema_D sp017550685
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017380355
s__Clavibacter sp015351075
s__Porphyromonas_A sp946222055
s__UBA2126 sp004124535
s__CANRDL01 sp947627975
s__YN15 sp023388055
s__JAJCYE01 sp029263075
s__JAHFQX01 sp023259135
s__RBG-13-41-10 sp001805465
s__Paenisporosarcina sp000286315
s__Dyadobacter sandarakinus
s__UBA3015 sp945876115
s__UBA1664 sp002401195
s__Synechococcus_F calcipolaris
s__Saccharofermentans sp024682215
s__RFOM01 sp016868315
s__Fuerstiella sp029941865
s__Cryptobacteroides sp022508605
s__UMGS2070 sp017443885
s__JACIWY01 sp014360745
s__Hyphococcus flavus
s__Saccharimonas sp938041555
s__Bosea sp030758975
s__Prevotella sp024697645
s__Collinsella sp902490365
s__JAHQVV01 sp028280965
s__Pseudolysinimonas sp946481135
s__PALSA-747 sp903899145
s__Arenibacter sp012272855
s__Bipolaricaulis sp011057175
s__Sphingomonas sp004345855
s__UBA3054 sp017649705
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp018970425
s__Rhizomicrobium sp019241645
s__GCA-2401735 sp028823485
s__PALSA-911 sp003133265
s__VBCG01 sp020845855
s__Blautia_A sp947626985
s__Jatrophihabitans_A telluris
s__Amphritea sp937138495
s__Umboniibacter sp013372965
s__RGIG4694 sp017481565
s__Microbacterium sp030816235
s__Pontixanthobacter aquaemixtae
s__Stagnihabitans sp945952425
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AN
s__JAADIV01 sp013151175
s__Pelagibacter sp902604005
s__JAUXEW01 sp030620375
s__JAIBAG01 sp019695305
s__Syntrophomonas_B sp012729495
s__TMED-70 sp002719425
s__JAMWCP01 sp023819665
s__JAKOXU01 sp029780875
s__Rhodococcus sp002091985
s__UBA6267 sp016937295
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902624105
s__WRJC01 sp009780985
s__Prado157 sp025453305
s__UBA3766 sp024403285
s__JANWWM01 sp029263855
s__UBA11891 sp011524905
s__JAUZQZ01 sp030950745
s__F23-D06 sp024400835
s__Sporomusa sp017889675
s__JC017 sp004296775
s__Pelagibacter_A sp014653835
s__RGIG4266 sp016283075
s__GCA-002718515 sp014238125
s__UBA12327 sp003529305
s__Shewanella pneumatophori
s__PNC22 sp013285505
s__UBA5536 sp002440975
s__Subtercola frigoramans
s__Baia oryzae
s__UBA1711 sp002317325
s__Saccharofermentans sp017958365
s__JAITNP01 sp031290325
s__CAHJXG01 sp937858325
s__Algoriphagus iocasae
s__JABWCQ01 sp016721565
s__UBA8524 sp016124735
s__Ureaplasma sp949295235
s__CAJYHH01 sp913773825
s__Cesiribacter sp030147305
s__Mediterraneibacter sp944375755
s__QAMH01 sp025992705
s__Variovorax boronicumulans_C
s__Streptococcus oralis_CO
s__Pelagibacter sp902632545
s__HGM11416 sp015055965
s__JAUNVC01 sp030537875
s__Neptuniibacter sp029222905
s__SYFN01 sp945867725
s__JAMCYV01 sp023473595
s__JAOAEN01 sp026416775
s__Porticoccus sp011049795
s__CANKVQ01 sp947486885
s__AG-337-I02 sp902623585
s__Pelagicoccus sp028284635
s__JAQVCM01 sp947462925
s__Blastomonas sp030373265
s__JAHEIW01 sp024639185
s__UBA6920 sp002448875
s__BNWE01 sp025998735
s__Novosphingobium sp031285165
s__RGIG3102 sp017442085
s__Prevotella sp017483785
s__40CM-4-65-16 sp024280995
s__C7867-001 sp026396675
s__DUUI01 sp012728555
s__Porcincola sp002482005
s__CAIOSP01 sp947475315
s__RGIG3456 sp017615955
s__JAIROH01 sp031255645
s__UBA3065 sp027490755
s__JAAZDR01 sp012512705
s__Pseudomonas_E kairouanensis
s__JAIRMQ01 sp031276565
s__JACCXM01 sp020853615
s__JACPAN01 sp016180815
s__UBA3789 sp946402785
s__SM23-42 sp030671005
s__Aquidulcibacter bacilliformis
s__Slackia sp937892845
s__RUG14891 sp949451605
s__GCA-2770975 sp018780035
s__Maritalea porphyrae
s__SZUA-117 sp003229095
s__USCg-Taylor sp030859565
s__SIBE01 sp009695265
s__Ferdinandcohnia timonensis_A
s__DSQQ01 sp023382535
s__UBA967 sp018402345
s__Prauserella_A cavernicola
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902538225
s__MB11C04 sp018645725
s__CACIIZ01 sp902562285
s__RF16 sp017551025
s__Geodermatophilus sp030773455
s__WVHS01 sp009834915
s__UBA3857 sp947306125
s__Intestinimonas sp902492005
s__JAIOTH01 sp030591905
s__Marmoricola sp025965215
s__Proteiniphilum sp015478775
s__JAOAEA01 sp026417035
s__SIBK01 sp945900455
s__CAMPJM01 sp946886805
s__CALGYY01 sp937934705
s__Rubrimentiphilum sp013036095
s__Bacillus_D sp001510665
s__Hominimerdicola sp902787825
s__JANTGF01 sp029935275
s__DAIDHK01 sp027459745
s__Pelagibacter sp902588595
s__Thermocrinis jamiesonii
s__28-YEA-48 sp903897875
s__WRDM01 sp009783465
s__JAQBQW01 sp028286805
s__UBA10281 sp937920115
s__CATLTV01 sp950059285
s__MAG-121220-bin8 sp905181625
s__Aquirhabdus sp025363155
s__CAKUOV01 sp934630905
s__Nitratireductor sp017794765
s__JADFUX01 sp030604285
s__JAIPAN01 sp947458775
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017962585
s__JAADFS01 sp013152795
s__QQUK01 sp024276275
s__Actinotalea ferrariae_A
s__JAADDL01 sp027044945
s__Actinomycetospora callitridis
s__Sphingomonas kyeonggiensis_B
s__Caccovivens sp947584415
s__HGM04593 sp017536325
s__Desulfobulbus_C sp026990725
s__Actinosynnema algeriense
s__Pristimantibacillus sp003591485
s__JAISLT01 sp031277165
s__Erythrobacter sp001515985
s__Erythrobacter neustonensis
s__Baekduia sp025964295
s__NSF051 sp029379215
s__RUG705 sp946007485
s__Nonomuraea gerenzanensis
s__Kinneretia sp015624425
s__SXHM01 sp022072225
s__Pristimantibacillus lupini
s__Stieleria nitratireducens
s__Pelagibacter sp902555945
s__CAG-272 sp017618795
s__JANQRV01 sp028284395
s__Streptococcus sp905372115
s__SIG495 sp017438675
s__JAEYXS01 sp030834415
s__BM509 sp002869695
s__Nocardiopsis sp937957845
s__Bog-1198 sp013044085
s__Tener-01 sp947624315
s__Alistipes sp017416915
s__ZCTH02-B6 sp017578085
s__RGIG6353 sp017439965
s__Aliidiomarina sp022565355
s__CFX10 sp016234595
s__2-01-FULL-44-11 sp001817345
s__Micromonospora sp008868175
s__Bacillus_AH sp018343515
s__UBA6382 sp934426255
s__GCA-2702655 sp002702655
s__GCA-002724395 sp002715005
s__G020346125 sp030672465
s__Tabrizicola sp012036325
s__JADKHK01 sp022705045
s__HGM05376 sp017507285
s__UBA4055 sp002382735
s__Arcanobacterium_A sp945874735
s__Hominilimicola sp947585795
s__Kaistella treverensis
s__CAKZRW01 sp937148845
s__Tenebribacter sp030626645
s__Malacoplasma sp949285105
s__Paenibacillus_A sanguinis
s__16-39-46 sp947497675
s__PALSA-1003 sp030854785
s__Terrabacter sp000383675
s__PHOS-HE28 sp016705545
s__Nitrosomonas sp029881855
s__ELB16-189 sp016787745
s__UBA12574 sp018673255
s__Microbacterium sp011620715
s__UBA12077 sp013138975
s__Caccovivens sp944381175
s__Limnohabitans_A sp003063355
s__Paenibacillus_S sp900114475
s__Kosakonia oryziphila
s__Scatovivens sp017517685
s__UBA8950 sp020060235
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212175
s__Streptococcus mitis_A
s__CAJQPP01 sp905480235
s__Anaerocolumna sp029256035
s__BM516 sp020444325
s__DAHUYW01 sp027306915
s__Caccenecus sp947593275
s__GCA-001735895 sp937980285
s__Villigracilis sp003524705
s__Streptomyces sp000805335
s__Martelella lutilitoris_A
s__UBA10133 sp000998025
s__F23-D06 sp016285145
s__Catonella sp916438525
s__Propionicimonas sp031271975
s__M55B177 sp021162545
s__JAGOBP01 sp017999195
s__MED727 sp902599495
s__Rhizomicrobium sp015654715
s__UBA940 sp002293425
s__Adhaeribacter sp028288395
s__Trebonia sp030043595
s__JOPF233 sp030044045
s__DYLF01 sp020722205
s__JAOAGR01 sp026415655
s__Streptomyces barringtoniae
s__BM518 sp016937255
s__J089 sp013152835
s__DSWT01 sp020722365
s__Leucobacter komagatae_A
s__Caproicibacter sp023412715
s__JACRAR01 sp026399515
s__SIG447 sp017436645
s__Rhodococcus sp001767395
s__JAGLBH01 sp018260285
s__Chryseolinea sp946478915
s__RUG14515 sp012744375
s__JACQWW01 sp016209025
s__Nocardiopsis_B trehalosi
s__Arthrobacter_M sp030946705
s__Nakamurella aerolata
s__Bulleidia sp946537835
s__Myxococcus caerfyrddinensis
s__Tetrasphaera_A sp020160805
s__Gemmatimonas sp025362635
s__Pristimantibacillus montaniterrae
s__Coproplasma sp029061495
s__Virgibacillus manasiensis
s__UBA8612 sp949297075
s__Acetatifactor sp947385785
s__Fervidibacter sp025062135
s__JAENWH01 sp016650115
s__Psychrobacillus psychrotolerans
s__Bipolaricaulis sp014360985
s__Streptomyces longisporoflavus
s__CAKUSI01 sp934678955
s__SIO3C6 sp010692645
s__Hymenobacter sp024700075
s__Campylobacter_B sp938017615
s__WQYN01 sp009781225
s__JAIXUC01 sp027483665
s__Psychrobacter fjordensis
s__Hydrogenophaga sp002840835
s__JAJTGZ01 sp025453375
s__Rubrivivax sp020720385
s__Lutibacter sp016342705
s__UBA4372 sp017650085
s__MED727 sp902530885
s__Paracoccus bogoriensis
s__DTHB01 sp019308625
s__Sulfurovum sp023955225
s__Silvimonas iriomotensis
s__Lentibacillus persicus
s__Brevundimonas sp946481405
s__JACPCQ01 sp016179715
s__Onthovivens sp016296775
s__JAMCRR01 sp023381565
s__Monoglobus sp947625055
s__Microbulbifer yueqingensis
s__UBA3824 sp017417315
s__IMCC26077 sp009921625
s__Pelagibacter sp902573755
s__CAG-873 sp946011725
s__UBA1737 sp946611195
s__Skermanella stibiiresistens
s__J094 sp003695005
s__JACPZJ01 sp919903585
s__Trichlorobacter lovleyi_B
s__Paeniglutamicibacter psychrophenolicus_A
s__Haloferula sp000739615
s__Paracoccus shandongensis
s__NIES-981 sp000155635
s__Rhodoferax_C sp903924955
s__CAKRZE01 sp024404495
s__Micromonospora sp001905095
s__Bradyrhizobium sp016213215
s__Flavobacterium sp021608185
s__Pseudomonas_E maumuensis
s__UBA7445 sp009937095
s__UBA1313 sp001873075
s__1-14-0-10-45-20 sp019246385
s__Levilactobacillus sp937874695
s__S141-80 sp015490255
s__Pontiella sp012729265
s__Variovorax paradoxus_O
s__JADFHV01 sp022566975
s__AAA240-E13 sp000504625
s__Membranihabitans maritimus
s__Prevotella sp946548065
s__JAJFMI01 sp021772235
s__Acinetobacter avistercoris
s__CAUJDS01 sp963169695
s__RUG756 sp015056175
s__JACRJP01 sp016215455
s__RGIG3732 sp947627065
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017538685
s__Catenovulum joobiniege
s__Porphyromonas sp023389855
s__SHWB01 sp009691025
s__Palsa-360 sp003165465
s__DUMD01 sp012840065
s__UBA2777 sp002352365
s__Rhodoluna sp947453465
s__Haliscomenobacter sp013298445
s__Kineococcus indalonis
s__DP-20 sp946478635
s__GCA-2862085 sp938075305
s__CAMREV01 sp949290035
s__JACJYV01 sp020635905
s__AB1-6 sp001730065
s__Brotaphodocola sp020860565
s__Alteribacter aurantiacus
s__Novosphingobium sp021299075
s__JAEYLA01 sp023426265
s__Larkinella arboricola
s__RGZA01 sp010031785
s__JACPES01 sp016183365
s__Bog-473 sp003169675
s__JACNIV01 sp030628755
s__Anaerocolumna sp029256725
s__Jatrophihabitans_A sp030840415
s__Corynebacterium sp902782855
s__Nostoc sp017115025
s__UBA5976 sp023260395
s__Shimia_B sp022448245
s__UBA5628 sp002421565
s__JAHEYG01 sp018000995
s__Quinella sp017535925
s__Streptococcus respiraculi
s__Luteolibacter sp030828305
s__RGIG8607 sp947178015
s__CV81 sp001767925
s__Jiella avicenniae
s__GCA-2786165 sp947504795
s__Sulfitobacter sp013002405
s__Ferruginibacter sp026391525
s__WQXH01 sp031267175
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp025060625
s__G020348385 sp030670375
s__Limiplasma sp021371895
s__CAMCTV01 sp947442505
s__Helicobacter_C sp022511165
s__Proteiniborus sp900095305
s__UMGS363 sp949299215
s__Pseudomonas_E entomophila_B
s__Ignavibacterium album
s__Pedobacter sp019751895
s__Euzebya rosea
s__Phytoplasma luffae
s__Ruminococcus_C sp017465305
s__CF-165 sp005879785
s__UBA3076 sp003194495
s__PXDG01 sp003565105
s__Billgrantia montanilacus
s__Parvibacillus sp934699305
s__JADFOI01 sp022562935
s__Cryptobacteroides sp947367375
s__UMGS1370 sp938036545
s__JANXPB01 sp016722505
s__Amycolatopsis antarctica
s__Fulvivirga sp001657315
s__CANPVP01 sp947626605
s__Kutchimonas denitrificans
s__JAHDBX01 sp020630145
s__Flavobacterium sp005792865
s__Mucispirillum schaedleri_A
s__Parvivirga hydrogeniphila
s__Litorimonas sp937923965
s__VGTK01 sp019749875
s__Enterovirga sp028290385
s__Mucilaginibacter sp014200575
s__JAFGKV01 sp025453925
s__JABDMV01 sp013001275
s__Fen-1231 sp031127185
s__Nocardia fluminea
s__Occallatibacter sp021778875
s__CALHRB01 sp938038165
s__Scatomonas sp021442455
s__Kmv21 sp014859445
s__SKYB106 sp937928175
s__Mesorhizobium carmichaelinearum
s__JANQLF01 sp028280785
s__Rubinisphaera sp016765335
s__JADJSS01 sp020436225
s__CAG-791 sp946410365
s__RF16 sp017649845
s__JAEULC01 sp020851015
s__RBG-16-64-13 sp001768675
s__Sphingopyxis sp016793825
s__Chlorobaculum limnaeum
s__Acinetobacter sp002135345
s__W3P20-009 sp905235955
s__Pelagibacter sp902624535
s__Firm-16 sp017962145
s__Bifidobacterium sp029395495
s__Caldithrix sp021160885
s__Flavobacterium sp947632215
s__Methylotenera sp000744605
s__Turneriella parva
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946500965
s__JAAFJU01 sp026786325
s__UBA11996 sp002708495
s__CSBR16-49 sp007116605
s__GSB9 sp030430535
s__CAMLDH01 sp946478765
s__Rhodoferax sp008080595
s__AC-64 sp005883215
s__Niallia sp009183415
s__Doolittlea endobia
s__Microseira wollei
s__JACKAF01 sp020435295
s__GCA-002050365 sp030857325
s__Arctic95D-9 sp020627905
s__Ruminococcus sp016288815
s__Actinoplanes nipponensis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288225
s__RUG11130 sp017531765
s__SICD01 sp009694865
s__JAHFFS01 sp023247795
s__JAUIGE01 sp030430205
s__Oleibacter sp029212275
s__JANWLL01 sp025450855
s__Marinactinospora thermotolerans
s__UBA1737 sp015059015
s__CAG-177 sp002309055
s__Staphylococcus americanisciuri
s__Scybalousia sp947571655
s__Pirellula_B staleyi_B
s__Sandaracinus amylolyticus_A
s__UBA3054 sp017444325
s__Pseudomonas_B duriflava
s__JAJPIA01 sp021324975
s__RGIG3513 sp017408985
s__Novosphingobium sp027533105
s__Legionella sp026191115
s__QAKW01 sp017440465
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp937873665
s__Psychrobacter sp015234355
s__CACIJG01 sp902581005
s__JAIRTF01 sp031267825
s__Oxalobacter sp031261905
s__Galbibacter_B marinus
s__Occallatibacter sp021801945
s__GCA-2715305 sp002706585
s__Catenulispora acidiphila
s__Eubacterium_C sp905236295
s__UBA12202 sp958431225
s__UBA3855 sp017483405
s__UBA11358 sp903861445
s__SSGW-16 sp004769085
s__Limivicinus sp947167725
s__JACNIV01 sp021108055
s__UBA9862 sp020060185
s__Egerieisoma sp017560765
s__Planococcus halocryophilus_A
s__Humibacillus xanthopallidus_A
s__GCA-2712985 sp913044255
s__Lysobacter_C sp019348095
s__Methylophilus aquaticus
s__Bin5 sp028819675
s__JAJPHY01 sp021325015
s__GCA-2716945 sp002716945
s__CANHSF01 sp027488055
s__UBA6265 sp020432165
s__Pseudomonas_E sputi
s__Bacillus_BF oleivorans
s__JAKAHD01 sp027310235
s__Acidoferrum sp903970165
s__Mailhella sp022510785
s__Sulfurimonas sp016937915
s__Scatosoma sp015069365
s__JAFGOI01 sp016926555
s__JAHZFN01 sp019421315
s__RGIG1913 sp017414705
s__JAENWD01 sp016650245
s__Endomicrobium_A sp031272445
s__UBA3789 sp947303225
s__UMGS1663 sp947629805
s__JADKAF01 sp016793245
s__GCA-002718515 sp018657585
s__JAEYZM01 sp023427985
s__Olivibacter sp004368405
s__DULF01 sp012840535
s__JAMXLO01 sp024280945
s__Catonella sp916439065
s__Ornithomonoglobus sp029226065
s__UBA5851 sp937871925
s__Streptosporangium pseudovulgare
s__Paraburkholderia silviterrae
s__Brocadia sp021646415
s__JACPOV01 sp022707425
s__UBA1545 sp001873165
s__Streptomyces sp009863025
s__JALUUN01 sp027021325
s__Pelosinus propionicus
s__UBA8639 sp030430725
s__Cryptobacteroides sp934678915
s__Leisingera thetidis
s__RUG306 sp947167155
s__Fimenecus sp947628665
s__VFJL01 sp009886095
s__CAJOOD01 sp944358985
s__UBA1267 sp946040795
s__Pauljensenia sp938028585
s__Sanguibacter gelidistatuariae
s__Accumulibacter sp029780075
s__Streptomyces kebangsaanensis
s__JALZEK01 sp030862115
s__JAJZWH01 sp027340655
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902613915
s__JACDCY01 sp024654005
s__JAAFHB01 sp903859795
s__Rhodopirellula bahusiensis
s__Ornithoclostridium sp949287655
s__GCA-2746155 sp030589945
s__C7867-001 sp028687085
s__GCA-003244245 sp021324675
s__Scatosoma sp017625565
s__UMGS1865 sp017517745
s__Psychrilyobacter sp002342785
s__Ruminococcus_E sp902792105
s__Saccharimonas sp002336935
s__Enterococcus_A raffinosus_A
s__Gallionella sp028714895
s__Microbacterium oxydans_D
s__Dysgonomonas sp025999435
s__JAFGXW01 sp030595255
s__13-2-20CM-66-19 sp027366635
s__Nibribacter sp001577755
s__Leptobacterium flavescens
s__Rariglobus hedericola
s__Brevundimonas sp012270135
s__UBA12158 sp009885205
s__Paenibacillus_G sp024213375
s__JABMMZ01 sp029945665
s__UBA11957 sp019420465
s__JAJRXZ01 sp024276015
s__JAFATP01 sp019243895
s__JAUWJD01 sp030607875
s__CAKVOD01 sp944331845
s__RGIG1962 sp017421085
s__JAHDIH01 sp020630875
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp030065815
s__JACDBB01 sp013695145
s__UBA10329 sp945874195
s__Thiomonas sp023255715
s__Zwartia sp029866055
s__JAFGOG01 sp016926595
s__Gallimonas sp947625605
s__Symbiothrix sp025996695
s__UBA1545 sp028689245
s__Nonomuraea maritima
s__JACCXM01 sp013697005
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902582875
s__UBA11490 sp934772445
s__UBA12077 sp030156305
s__UBA8687 sp013349585
s__RUG14199 sp947632135
s__HGM13618 sp947588905
s__JALNVG01 sp023227685
s__GCA-002733105 sp013139345
s__JADLCR01 sp020847095
s__Caccousia sp949292505
s__CAKUFA01 sp934647165
s__JANQSR01 sp027942475
s__Prochlorococcus_A marinus_F
s__Streptacidiphilus sp014084125
s__Succinivibrio sp937896115
s__Luteitalea sp934541105
s__73-13 sp017744755
s__Parasphingorhabdus litoris
s__Pelobium cryophilum
s__PALSA-1444 sp023265455
s__F1-120-MAGs118 sp005778045
s__Nitrospira_D sp030692565
s__Caulobacter sp028291055
s__XYD1-FULL-39-28 sp026395215
s__UBA3282 sp951800685
s__PHOS-HE28 sp023430325
s__Tatlockia cardiaca
s__Streptomyces triticagri
s__Thioalkalivibrio_A sp007120155
s__JAISGN01 sp031272245
s__Sphingomonas sp026167525
s__JAOUFE01 sp029857955
s__RBG-13-43-22 sp001797675
s__UBA1217 sp017962445
s__LS-NOB sp029261455
s__RGIG3842 sp017457045
s__Flavobacterium segetis
s__MnTg02 sp008974985
s__VGIX01 sp016867725
s__JAISNW01 sp031278965
s__Polaribacter sp947503855
s__CADBMC01 sp948439405
s__Legionella lytica
s__XY-R5 sp001660395
s__WTGU01 sp026712885
s__Rhizobium sp014193655
s__Alistipes sp017532885
s__WHTP01 sp009377695
s__Alistipes sp015059735
s__Bacteroides rodentium
s__UBA967 sp947499885
s__UBA4124 sp029288725
s__Asticcacaulis sp024707255
s__Butyrivibrio sp000424585
s__Alkalimonas sp020831935
s__Marmoricola_A sp902805845
s__JAGQRA01 sp020425885
s__Microbacterium sp019720895
s__UBA9973 sp026396065
s__JAADDB01 sp015489285
s__Arthrobacter sp014207375
s__HIMB59 sp902522585
s__Casp-alpha2 sp016763915
s__JAKFXC01 sp021731625
s__Spiroplasma_A helicoides
s__UBA3478 sp002691645
s__CALFYV01 sp030431635
s__Cryptobacteroides sp017548805
s__FEB-10 sp003105185
s__UBA10518 sp947259225
s__JAJDCE01 sp029260985
s__Acidisoma silvae
s__Roseobacter sp947488305
s__Hellea sp937995665
s__JANQRT01 sp028281165
s__Coproplasma sp003503945
s__UBA1248 sp016281775
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_R
s__STD2-12 sp028694405
s__Arachnia sp937965785
s__Sphingopyxis sp015657575
s__Stella sp006738865
s__Aestuariivirga sp028868695
s__CCA-013414725 sp013414725
s__Borrelia sp014084025
s__Thermosediminibacter litoriperuensis
s__Reyranella sp937915145
s__Streptacidiphilus pinicola
s__UMGS731 sp017463815
s__Caccovivens sp944372585
s__Chlamydophila poikilotherma
s__Hyphococcus sp028281665
s__Pseudomethylobacillus flagellatus_A
s__Aquirufa fluvialis_E
s__VGZT01 sp016189845
s__F1-140-MAGs086 sp005792205
s__Saccharofermentans sp024683485
s__JANTGD01 sp024763135
s__JAHHHE01 sp946221495
s__JAJTYI01 sp021463645
s__SHYP01 sp009692725
s__Stercorousia sp944323095
s__Cellulosimicrobium sp943181405
s__Zag111 sp014803505
s__Alkalimarinus sp026016465
s__Delta-02 sp002067555
s__Gracilibacillus oryzae
s__JAFGGE01 sp016930745
s__JALVMN01 sp027027005
s__Pelagibacter sp902604795
s__RBG-13-42-11 sp001821455
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp030431875
s__Timaviella sp012034615
s__Lacibacter sp016713085
s__BS750m-G60 sp016782825
s__BOG-931 sp030037885
s__Ventrenecus sp947630935
s__M55B111 sp018334595
s__Pelagibacter sp902592265
s__JAFLBG01 sp017303975
s__Streptomyces apocyni
s__JAGLTQ01 sp027057985
s__Telluria sp001424165
s__GCA-002793235 sp024103385
s__Sinomonas gamaensis
s__Caulobacter sp913776195
s__Pedobacter changchengzhani
s__Urechidicola sp016744415
s__JAKAJA01 sp021814085
s__Pelagibacter sp902601895
s__CALKUG01 sp937996765
s__Methylotenera versatilis
s__Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii
s__CALFYV01 sp937952395
s__Choladousia sp021205755
s__CALKMS01 sp938091145
s__Opimibacter sp030855005
s__UBA1731 sp902779565
s__CAMBQF01 sp945869825
s__UBA11490 sp937925475
s__01-FULL-45-10b sp016206815
s__Lentibacillus salicampi
s__Bin22 sp009840135
s__Erythrobacter sp947488325
s__UBA3789 sp947302515
s__CAMDGX01 sp945897825
s__Kriegella aquimaris
s__Streptococcus mitis_O
s__Paracoccus sediminilitoris
s__Bordetella_B sp007679965
s__UBA2475 sp013297775
s__BS750m-G69 sp016782645
s__Neisseria sp030523955
s__CALXOD01 sp949298665
s__UBA6614 sp002724615
s__RUG572 sp024405255
s__VGJV01 sp016186635
s__Sodaliphilus sp017557425
s__PNKF01 sp019694735
s__Rhodohalobacter sp020832415
s__BS750m-G71 sp016782605
s__Listeria_A portnoyi
s__Natronosporangium hydrolyticum
s__Planktophila sp014190015
s__Brevibacillus_E humidisoli
s__GWA2-66-18 sp016191335
s__Segetibacter aurantiacum
s__Rubrobacter_D sp902812425
s__Pseudomonas_E sp024666525
s__SURF-9 sp003599535
s__JALSTN01 sp026983735
s__Malacoplasma sp947177535
s__Hahella sp002260525
s__RGIG8497 sp017626145
s__UBA2778 sp002352385
s__CAJLXD01 sp949295915
s__Segniliparus rugosus
s__Lampropedia cohaerens
s__Acuticoccus kalidii
s__Fimenecus sp937899735
s__MGBC108787 sp948444795
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902616145
s__JAAYDY01 sp012729015
s__Palsa-360 sp003161495
s__JAKVBQ01 sp022447205
s__Gallionella sp016716325
s__L1I39 sp028863665
s__Lautropia sp030528325
s__JAOSJK01 sp027494135
s__DTU052 sp029781825
s__JALHQU01 sp025351325
s__JAHDES01 sp020628645
s__Pseudoxanthomonas_A sp006716465
s__UBA2210 sp021163105
s__Motiliproteus sp017309075
s__Erythrobacter sp023015615
s__CANGXP01 sp947457935
s__Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum_C
s__Pseudomonas_E sp022952855
s__Pelagibacter sp902609535
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003281525
s__LL51 sp031267435
s__Lacibacter sp946479605
s__Villigracilis sp028689195
s__Bacteroides_H sp010500995
s__Shewanella nanhaiensis
s__JAEYLA01 sp023390655
s__WRMH01 sp009783555
s__Streptomyces sp001746295
s__JAHJQY01 sp018819015
s__UWMA-0277 sp905478765
s__Devosia sp024707125
s__RGIG1828 sp017549745
s__JACWAF01 sp014874185
s__Marinobacter sp030053415
s__VAYN01 sp946886425
s__Caldisalinibacter kiritimatiensis
s__Nitrospira_D nitrificans
s__Paenibacillus_Z sp019431355
s__Fluviicola sp946886545
s__Paraflavitalea sp017744515
s__JALEGO01 sp022763165
s__Paraglaciecola sp009796745
s__JAPOKJ01 sp029977705
s__Dictyoglomus sp938039765
s__Vitreimonas flagellata
s__Pandoraea pneumonica
s__CALBRZ01 sp937927735
s__RGIG6353 sp017520825
s__JAUXSK01 sp030679995
s__Bradyrhizobium icense
s__Amylibacter sp943846615
s__S010-51 sp026993705
s__Sphingobium sp009720145
s__Spiroplasma_A cantharicola
s__Halioglobus litorale
s__Corynebacterium auris
s__Mycobacterium sp019246375
s__UBA5195 sp903882765
s__JAUSEW01 sp030651475
s__Limenecus sp944322725
s__Fen-1258 sp021820065
s__Brevundimonas sp937863155
s__UBA3065 sp009923755
s__Filomicrobium sp029287535
s__Vogesella margarita
s__UBA2645 sp016869695
s__Flagellimonas sp018222835
s__RI-342 sp016124905
s__Desulforadius sp009711615
s__GCA-002700125 sp002721675
s__Pelagibacter sp902528505
s__CU05-9 sp007556525
s__Mobilitalea sp012839235
s__Treponema_D sp017548565
s__SIG440 sp017546145
s__Brevundimonas guildfordensis
s__CALTSX01 sp943908465
s__HIMB59 sp902601865
s__Udaeobacter sp003218395
s__DAOVFB01 sp030668705
s__Litoreibacter arenae
s__Shewanella sp023161665
s__JAHJSF01 sp018830405
s__Ureibacillus sp012735355
s__Flavobacterium rakeshii
s__Rhodobacter capsulatus_C
s__CALMKX01 sp937867335
s__Gomphosphaeria aponina
s__Henriciella sp938084575
s__JALZBG01 sp030947645
s__JAIOPA01 sp023249815
s__KBS-83 sp000381585
s__JAJQDJ01 sp021202205
s__Paraburkholderia panacisoli
s__Neorhizobium sp002500765
s__UMGS1883 sp017451505
s__Anaerotignum sp947036475
s__CAG-269 sp947625835
s__JABDEJ01 sp013287095
s__JAJDTT01 sp026706325
s__Gramella sp900105135
s__Baumannia cicadellinicola_A
s__Qipengyuania sediminis
s__Rhodovulum euryhalinum
s__SBAT01 sp005240105
s__Mycobacterium aromaticivorans
s__JAUXXX01 sp030684695
s__JACPFA01 sp016183235
s__DYSO01 sp023229525
s__UBA7703 sp023459335
s__JAJFJF01 sp021774255
s__JACQZI01 sp016207825
s__JAKALC01 sp028871115
s__Collinsella sp947003675
s__Maridesulfovibrio salexigens
s__Desulfovibrio sp017454325
s__Polaribacter sp007997075
s__Coproplasma sp947629515
s__Natronoglycomyces albus
s__Pelagibacter sp902594255
s__Hydrogenivirga sp027049085
s__UBA6128 sp002423325
s__Cesiribacter sp020178975
s__Occallatibacter sp030039035
s__Conyzicola sp013297645
s__Thermodesulfovibrio sp026415595
s__Mesorhizobium sp003963455
s__Cellvibrio sp946481095
s__UBA1752 sp947305675
s__Ruminococcus_E sp017473955
s__Saccharibacillus alkalitolerans
s__SURF-43 sp945865925
s__UBA2868 sp017450065
s__UBA6265 sp030447145
s__GWF2-45-14 sp001804785
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp002354635
s__Nanopelagicus sp945881945
s__Salinimicrobium sediminis
s__Rhodanobacter sp009765755
s__GCA-2863085 sp002863085
s__SZUA-76 sp026982145
s__CAKORS01 sp934102355
s__Glycomyces sp022548875
s__Leptovillus sp029559155
s__JAQMSD01 sp028330525
s__Schlegelella_A sp021414305
s__Bosea sp004123845
s__JAABRD01 sp011391085
s__NK4A144 sp947167135
s__JACPJY01 sp016187325
s__UBA1784 sp015061495
s__Tyloplasma sp013139135
s__Sporosarcina limicola
s__BP-101 sp030838265
s__41T-STBD-0c-01a sp020445245
s__SIG307 sp029099805
s__Flavobacterium sp026107645
s__Actinoplanes endophyticus
s__Dyella_B sp004114615
s__Sutterella sp949287305
s__Pseudooctadecabacter sp020627745
s__C7867-001 sp023269085
s__Aquimarina sp947499005
s__JAAURS01 sp020058975
s__JALNYF01 sp023229985
s__GWB2-55-19 sp016218105
s__RUG591 sp947630495
s__Novosphingobium sp920987055
s__Faeciplasma sp947588805
s__Nocardioides flavescens
s__DTU089 sp017621885
s__Schumannella sp006517435
s__VFLK01 sp018816485
s__Limimorpha sp947303085
s__Rhizobium vallis
s__GCA-2691085 sp902575965
s__Puniceicoccus vermicola
s__RUG13868 sp949291455
s__Pectobacterium sp028335745
s__UMGS1663 sp947626555
s__CF-167 sp013816405
s__CAQBRY01 sp031270785
s__JAFGDE01 sp016932255
s__Rhizobium lusitanum_B
s__NK4A144 sp017417105
s__UBA1568 sp016182385
s__Rhizobium_E sp024707525
s__Pontibacter burrus
s__Sandaracinobacteroides neustonicus
s__Flavipsychrobacter sp018267915
s__WQXQ01 sp031273265
s__Alectryobacillus sp949285665
s__QYQD01 sp011046395
s__SIAF01 sp020050375
s__RGIG3506 sp016280895
s__DTU083 sp012838915
s__JAADHN01 sp013151865
s__Bacillus_AD sp934215995
s__Enterococcus_C saigonensis
s__Marmoricola_A sp902805865
s__Pelagibacter sp902601235
s__Sediminibacterium sp025352905
s__Algibacter_B sp905480415
s__Actinotalea solisilvae
s__DTU059 sp012520615
s__Palsa-744 sp025451035
s__Microbacterium sp003931875
s__Ruminococcus_E sp947627345
s__Glutamicibacter sp009805585
s__CAMYIF01 sp947258415
s__UBA8639 sp003228495
s__Caldimicrobium sp030550555
s__Gp6-AA40 sp027622905
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902620895
s__CACXFF01 sp902766805
s__Fimenecus sp017631955
s__Aquibacillus_D kalidii
s__JAJUFM01 sp029222965
s__JAITMY01 sp031290835
s__JAGRAG01 sp020435025
s__JAHUUI01 sp019218315
s__Polaromonas sp025352405
s__Bombella sp946476985
s__JB111 sp900163555
s__JAPDKE01 sp029258725
s__LL51 sp021294815
s__Flavobacterium sp023434025
s__Pantoea persica
s__JACQWT01 sp016209145
s__J054 sp003695765
s__Chlorobium antarcticum
s__CAKZPD01 sp937138475
s__Sphingomonas_O sp025352685
s__Brevundimonas sp023424215
s__CAMFNB01 sp945965275
s__UBA7703 sp003486785
s__JACQIX01 sp016198275
s__JACPPG01 sp945957305
s__Pelagibacter sp014653985
s__Sediminibacterium sp947460595
s__Leucobacter sp937872275
s__DTU089 sp017501865
s__Nordella sp016595235
s__UBA6857 sp024404055
s__Bin107 sp026706735
s__Rhodoluna planktonica
s__Psychromarinibacter sp947503765
s__SP202 sp029243925
s__JAISHM01 sp031262525
s__UBA8639 sp024760505
s__CAJCIW01 sp903970455
s__Pristimantibacillus camelliae
s__Aliihoeflea aestuarii
s__Hyphomicrobium_A sp900117445
s__Saccharicenans sp014359965
s__NORP286 sp016764115
s__Wenzhouxiangella sp937876395
s__JAUXFU01 sp030622705
s__Propionivibrio sp018262095
s__AAA536-G10 sp902548635
s__SG8-39 sp022340705
s__Pedobacter metabolipauper
s__SHXZ01 sp009693045
s__Sphingomicrobium sp030271595
s__Palsa-875 sp030854305
s__UBA952 sp027485415
s__Paenibacillus_F sp900107975
s__Tannerella sp031283785
s__Sulfotelmatobacter sp030049565
s__CALVRE01 sp944358455
s__ELB16-189 sp018267135
s__JAJNBA01 sp021155985
s__Mycobacterium sp007096635
s__TCS60 sp001577135
s__JAFGTL01 sp016934125
s__UBA5734 sp028685755
s__28-YEA-48 sp025362655
s__Mucilaginibacter sp913777515
s__CACKZT01 sp902604695
s__UBA8154 sp003456095
s__CAKZQD01 sp937139485
s__Gottfriedia endophyticus
s__JAAUTT01 sp012031335
s__Pedobacter mucosus
s__Planktophila sp945866155
s__Alcalisalibacterium limoincola
s__CAKZVG01 sp937921835
s__Treponema_D sp937901865
s__Lientehia sp022792835
s__Kordiimonas sp947503625
s__Rhodohalobacter sp024635465
s__Pelagibacter sp902607215
s__UMGS1663 sp958402495
s__JACQMD01 sp016203755
s__RUG11241 sp902767245
s__JAHISY01 sp021734705
s__Atopostipes pullistercoris
s__Leucobacter massiliensis
s__GCA-2746365 sp013138755
s__UBA3006 sp947486675
s__Desulfotignum sp020201255
s__Cognaticolwellia sp913058395
s__SHXO01 sp026125625
s__UBA4951 sp024408305
s__CAZU01 sp946618745
s__UBA1740 sp017467165
s__CS2-K091 sp019456145
s__2-02-FULL-43-16 sp023245145
s__DTPJ01 sp011334435
s__CAILNN01 sp903864375
s__Mycobacterium paraterrae
s__Guyparkeria sp011389965
s__Oceanicola antarcticus_A
s__Lujinxingia vulgaris
s__Rhabdonatronobacter sp003551925
s__JAITHW01 sp031280115
s__SIBH01 sp009695285
s__Chryseobacterium sp001297705
s__Ascidiaceihabitans sp029251465
s__REDP01 sp007693455
s__Thiovulum_A sp000276965
s__JABCZZ01 sp013288335
s__DYKG01 sp020722725
s__Pelethomonas sp947630395
s__Porisulfidus sp007571105
s__Roseicyclus sp937139335
s__UBA2589 sp028280205
s__JADGHX01 sp019683695
s__Mycobacterium sp002887815
s__Leptothrix mobilis
s__JAHDHX01 sp020631075
s__Planktophila limnetica_A
s__Paraburkholderia sediminicola
s__Algicoccus sp937896225
s__JADIYW01 sp019694955
s__JACQTN01 sp016210785
s__JACRPL01 sp016223245
s__Bradyrhizobium sp016219575
s__AG-414-E02 sp004213215
s__JACQSA01 sp016206145
s__JAFAXJ01 sp019241095
s__Dysosmobacter sp022652655
s__Streptomyces colonosanans
s__Demequina sp030148645
s__Aquabacterium sp030652515
s__JAGSHH01 sp030546755
s__Sphingobacterium endophyticum
s__UBA5972 sp030830465
s__LB3-1 sp030147335
s__Marinospirillum celere
s__Phreatobacter sp027532945
s__CAIJXB01 sp947505635
s__Soleaferrea massiliensis
s__COE1 sp002492295
s__SIG32 sp944322875
s__CALWWP01 sp944385275
s__Henriciella sp013214545
s__VGJW01 sp016867265
s__CAIYRG01 sp025450355
s__UBA2834 sp017548735
s__Microbacterium sp002703245
s__JAIRLU01 sp031259215
s__VFJN01 sp030681555
s__CAISDA01 sp030824175
s__NORP324 sp024762925
s__Microvirga arvi
s__Ancylobacter koreensis
s__Kitasatospora rubellomurina
s__JAGQWL01 sp020437385
s__JAJSAL01 sp024274705
s__RGIG7265 sp017547865
s__UBA2270 sp009773475
s__CANLGQ01 sp945882675
s__Flavobacterium macacae
s__Faecalimonas sp017416155
s__Nostoc_B piscinale
s__JAJFFI01 sp021776755
s__JAJPHL01 sp021325275
s__Ruegeria sp022347725
s__AC2028 sp946536155
s__Oxalobacter sp017524145
s__20-14-all-45-10 sp023129815
s__JAENJB01 sp016844565
s__COE1 sp947178465
s__UBA2177 sp002402455
s__Arthrobacter sp005280255
s__Mesobacillus jeotgali_A
s__JAJYNJ01 sp021777365
s__CAMLHD01 sp946479835
s__AWTP1-18 sp003963315
s__S009-29 sp003696765
s__Nitrospira_C sp014055525
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp003212655
s__Psychroflexus sp022565635
s__UBA4345 sp024401645
s__Demequina sp002090055
s__JAAZDI01 sp012512295
s__Chersky-840 sp031292675
s__Marinomonas algarum
s__Scytonema sp009725235
s__JAJCYG01 sp029263055
s__JASLQE01 sp030740315
s__JAHEEM01 sp024640685
s__Sphingomonas sp018240825
s__Prevotella sp017428925
s__UBA11073 sp013289145
s__V9D3004 sp947588675
s__Pelagicoccus sp031127815
s__UBA4951 sp949299565
s__MONJU sp029228645
s__UBA1067 sp017514235
s__Pseudomonas_E sp017875955
s__RUG440 sp017513965
s__Sodaliphilus sp946186575
s__Humibacter ginsenosidimutans
s__UBA9145 sp016762975
s__UBA3478 sp030834365
s__Limivicinus sp902785905
s__SIG622 sp017560085
s__JAUWZH01 sp030615435
s__Pelagibacter sp902559395
s__UBA5578 sp947581765
s__Treponema_D sp024402475
s__Zrk6 sp018394315
s__Rhodoferax sp017880985
s__Palsa-187 sp903892565
s__Faecousia sp947632695
s__CAG-873 sp023663145
s__Streptomyces sp002939385
s__Psychrosphaera sp018860345
s__JACZKF01 sp014860175
s__Micromonospora_I pattaloongensis
s__Treponema_D sp024696245
s__JAHDDY01 sp937928005
s__SIG607 sp017474125
s__Streptomyces sp026810505
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp022865555
s__W498 sp011170285
s__Psychrobacter sp020662265
s__Faecivivens sp944387995
s__Cyanosarcina radialis
s__Enteromonas sp017450325
s__Polynucleobacter sp018881505
s__Formicincola oecophyllae
s__RUG11194 sp024427265
s__JASEIG01 sp030017615
s__Nanosynbacter sp938040655
s__JALYLZ01 sp030774015
s__JAEYLA01 sp023453725
s__Prosthecobacter sp002482965
s__WGA-3G sp012270865
s__OMII01 sp900299035
s__Cupidesulfovibrio sp022837365
s__JAHDWY01 sp020847495
s__GWA1-54-12 sp001779505
s__Puteibacter caeruleilacunae
s__Anaerobutyricum sp022769785
s__JAHJSY01 sp018830125
s__Limnohabitans sp903850735
s__Palsa-881 sp019247715
s__SXYR01 sp030832645
s__UBA3789 sp902783435
s__Termititenax sp031268855
s__JAEUWI01 sp024280935
s__Nanosyncoccus sp946415265
s__B1 sp945860865
s__UBA660 sp002299475
s__Thermanaeromonas toyohensis
s__UBA1740 sp017462605
s__Paludibacter sp021371875
s__JAKAUA01 sp021827875
s__Palsa-1150 sp030776305
s__Lutimonas sp030503675
s__Carthagonibacter sp016649455
s__Pedococcus sp025924375
s__Geomonas sp903925075
s__Streptomyces lonarensis
s__JAJRVN01 sp024277325
s__QFOX01 sp030427685
s__Slackia sp934630525
s__RUG705 sp947304495
s__UBA1006 sp021129535
s__Fertoeibacter niger
s__Lebetimonas natsushimae
s__BACL27 sp027729785
s__UBA10169 sp003505155
s__Holophaga sp030846775
s__Streptomyces sp900103585
s__JALYGD01 sp030777265
s__Ferrovibrio sp017991315
s__BACL14 sp030831475
s__Winogradskyella ursingii
s__Methylotenera_A sp020053735
s__SIG672 sp015064255
s__SPGG5 sp029261305
s__Parolsenella sp934668375
s__Rhizomicrobium sp002307725
s__SCTD01 sp902805805
s__Paludibacter sp012519425
s__Marixanthomonas sp019904255
s__Clostridioides difficile_E
s__Scybalousia sp944363785
s__JAAYWY01 sp012516165
s__JAJYTG01 sp021787175
s__Acidicapsa sp025359885
s__Croceitalea sp937926215
s__JAOAIM01 sp026414705
s__Thiolapillus sp027023915
s__Thermonema lapsum
s__UBA3636 sp902793555
s__Aeromicrobium sp023252095
s__JAHEKQ01 sp024638265
s__Myxacorys californica
s__Luminiphilus sp018666055
s__UBA1997 sp030835905
s__Paenibacillus_S periandrae
s__CALXCT01 sp944386055
s__JAQUQV01 sp028715905
s__Actinomyces sp011752065
s__Palsa-295 sp030037315
s__RGIG1988 sp944392335
s__Ruania gallistercoris
s__Roseivivax halodurans
s__G958295825 sp958295825
s__Bythopirellula sp937860165
s__Streptomyces sp030816615
s__JASGCL01 sp030054115
s__PALSA-660 sp025361445
s__Pelagibacter_A sp902561585
s__Ga0077550 sp001464385
s__Pelagibacter sp902595795
s__JACQBZ01 sp016194285
s__Pseudonocardia humida
s__JADYYY01 sp020853395
s__JAIOTH01 sp021106915
s__Alloacidobacterium sp013285705
s__MONJU sp000801295
s__UBA8950 sp022013685
s__UBA12454 sp002839495
s__Fervidibacillus albus
s__JANLHH01 sp024654605
s__Corynebacterium sp946222835
s__Roseovarius gaetbuli
s__Chryseobacterium sp029892445
s__JABFXX01 sp026387715
s__CALWAM01 sp944373135
s__Halonatronum saccharophilum
s__JAENWW01 sp016649875
s__Treponema_D sp946631855
s__MED-G138 sp004213565
s__Parvibaculum sp030682415
s__Fructilactobacillus ixorae
s__JAHDBG01 sp020630035
s__Gottfriedia acidiceleris_B
s__Borkfalkia sp949287895
s__Cellulomonas sp031178625
s__UMGS1601 sp947626165
s__UBA668 sp003154135
s__UBA6107 sp027348305
s__JAISOC01 sp031275915
s__UBA3402 sp947588855
s__Serratia_J quinivorans_A
s__CAG-628 sp934086775
s__Thioalkalivibrio sp000420165
s__PALSA-1004 sp023266235
s__Sinomonas susongensis
s__WHSN01 sp902826465
s__Saccharopolyspora hirsuta
s__Advenella sp002810445
s__CAIMTB01 sp020845805
s__JAJFHT01 sp021775495
s__WO2-01-48-18 sp001824435
s__MED-G52 sp902635985
s__Pelethomonas sp958423465
s__Gallionella sp017880865
s__Carboxylicivirga linearis
s__Cohnella sp023418755
s__JACRIJ01 sp016220095
s__JAISVZ01 sp031271295
s__JAJFMF01 sp021772315
s__Ferruginibacter sp018057635
s__Meiothermus sp026004075
s__M0103 sp947461185
s__UBA1573 sp029558635
s__CAG-465 sp947631415
s__Enterousia sp902793435
s__JAPWJZ01 sp029945425
s__Streptomyces sp002920635
s__Nitrincola tapanii
s__Litoreibacter meonggei
s__Lysobacter_B sp011300685
s__Brevefilum sp029548365
s__JADGHQ01 sp019683805
s__C7867-006 sp025450615
s__Villigracilis saccharophilus
s__JADFXG01 sp015233245
s__Cybelea sp019245995
s__Palsa-288 sp025929125
s__Bin22 sp028875055
s__DFXE01 sp031265595
s__JADJGA01 sp027011385
s__Arsenophonus sp902713415
s__Bacteroides sp905201685
s__Melghirimyces profundicolus
s__SKQL01 sp007119035
s__Pelagibacter sp902614355
s__Paenibacillus sp031254035
s__Faecalitalea sp946408025
s__Caloramator_B quimbayensis
s__UBA737 sp017472575
s__JAUWIU01 sp030608075
s__Terribacillus aidingensis
s__QHXQ01 sp003223935
s__VMCJ01 sp913060845
s__Paucisalibacillus sp000577245
s__JACQXM01 sp016208685
s__Profundicola sp009835005
s__Desulfotomaculum_G copahuensis
s__PALSA-600 sp025934335
s__JADFZP01 sp015232025
s__Gp6-AA40 sp021731165
s__Paenibacillus borealis
s__Devosia aurantiaca
s__Micromonospora sp030345795
s__Pleomorphomonas sp030603685
s__Caccovivens sp902796285
s__UBA5195 sp903908605
s__Xanthomonas arboricola_E
s__Erysipelothrix sp002358955
s__AUK324 sp030837545
s__JADZAF01 sp020852755
s__WRMD01 sp009777315
s__Scatolibacter sp002293315
s__Brevefilum sp007135845
s__Anaplasma phagocytophilum_A
s__WFSH01 sp913056255
s__Malacoplasma_A sp031260145
s__PeH17 sp937894955
s__Magnetominusculus sp022321325
s__Ruegeria sp000814005
s__CALUTH01 sp944323215
s__Agromyces mariniharenae
s__Butyribacter sp902795705
s__Eubacterium_R sp945869905
s__Inconstantimicrobium sp024345225
s__Sodaliphilus sp902489275
s__UBA6824 sp016187175
s__Scatovivens sp944389125
s__CASEME01 sp949289125
s__RGIG10264 sp017960005
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_V
s__Shewanella sp004195335
s__DSOS01 sp020354045
s__RGIG8050 sp018384735
s__Phytohabitans suffuscus
s__Reyranella sp030681635
s__Cellulomonas fimi_C
s__Lentihominibacter sp029008005
s__Cylindrospermum sp003994795
s__REDP01 sp007695355
s__Brevundimonas goettingensis
s__JADHLJ01 sp027623845
s__CAMAUF01 sp945861295
s__BNUP01 sp025997455
s__Arthrobacter_D bussei
s__Sphingomonas pituitosa
s__Fen-671 sp003158835
s__JABFSC01 sp009692435
s__Pedobacter sp001421515
s__Roseomonas baculiformis
s__CAINDI01 sp903847335
s__Pelagibacter sp902596355
s__UBA8337 sp029248825
s__T78 sp002423495
s__Gemmiger sp944388215
s__CAIUQR01 sp031292275
s__Mycobacterium sp945957405
s__DTU024 sp937894675
s__Rhodococcus sp005484805
s__JAGPLX01 sp018053185
s__UBA1546 sp003535475
s__JAMXSB01 sp024124665
s__JAEYAW01 sp023404675
s__UBA9145 sp002377605
s__Pelagibacter sp902528735
s__Sodaliphilus sp937901905
s__Mesorhizobium loti_E
s__BACL27 sp937890395
s__RGIG3732 sp934254725
s__JAJXWB01 sp937870755
s__Blautia stercoravium
s__PLanc-01 sp017993835
s__CAG-964 sp902471875
s__Jiella sp002700095
s__Agromyces sp900113185
s__UMGS1491 sp944384825
s__VFMC01 sp025359865
s__Robiginitomaculum_A sp021647375
s__Achromobacter sp913775005
s__UBA4636 sp934273135
s__Ch61 sp937960415
s__TMED8 sp016845145
s__Bandiella numerosa_A
s__JAABUE01 sp016928525
s__Bacillus_AZ campisalis
s__Arthrobacter sp003061105
s__Pedobacter sp005938645
s__Clostridium_AN bornimense
s__01-FULL-38-12b sp943357015
s__RGIG9151 sp934500865
s__DAOVOC01 sp030629865
s__Nostoc_B sp000316625
s__Nodosilinea sp029109325
s__JACQQW01 sp016206745
s__Cyanomargarita calcarea
s__RGIG5270 sp017502435
s__JAUJOM01 sp030447645
s__Pseudoclavibacter_A sp021168475
s__JACQFA01 sp919901335
s__JAHIRY01 sp018818405
s__Coraliomargarita akajimensis
s__Actinocrispum wychmicini
s__Tyrphobacter sp030038335
s__Ramlibacter sp030831585
s__Catenulispora sp019510485
s__WRAV01 sp009777635
s__JANYJF01 sp025361885
s__Fimimonas sp017500855
s__Pseudoprimorskyibacter insulae
s__Mycetocola tolaasinivorans
s__Bowmanella dokdonensis
s__JABEVJ01 sp019752835
s__Solitalea lacus
s__CAIPFW01 sp903864455
s__JAAVYR01 sp022791255
s__MHMH01 sp001819335
s__JANXSF01 sp025350695
s__Terasakiella sp013373265
s__Planktophila sp009706135
s__Prochlorococcus sp003278345
s__CALAML01 sp937925845
s__Nitrosomonas sp021774195
s__CF-167 sp030773035
s__Snuella sedimenti
s__Parasegetibacter sp946481605
s__JAGMAB01 sp030643665
s__G030849185 sp030849345
s__JAFGPF01 sp030615475
s__BOG-938 sp947475845
s__Sulfuricurvum sp024635855
s__Enterococcus rotai
s__Paraburkholderia sp017814945
s__SIG440 sp017436245
s__SYSU-D60015 sp003576705
s__Pararhodobacter sp001314715
s__Pelomonas sp937871895
s__JAOAHJ01 sp026415295
s__JABFRG01 sp013141295
s__CAG-269 sp949294555
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_AV
s__JAFGXQ01 sp016935665
s__Collinsella sp902470915
s__Bosea sp004341515
s__Portibacter marinus
s__Polynucleobacter sp009924985
s__Runella sp027484545
s__PWNV01 sp003557645
s__Paenibacillus_D sabuli
s__CADAEX01 sp017649605
s__Halioglobus sp018657645
s__UBA6116 sp002423425
s__Vescimonas sp934573945
s__WQTX01 sp009786075
s__UBA1784 sp017507125
s__ASP10-02a sp938084925
s__UBA1545 sp003488655
s__JAJRTO01 sp024278235
s__JACRPZ01 sp016222905
s__Thalassobius aquimarinus
s__RBG-13-68-16 sp003133645
s__UBA4248 sp017613855
s__MWH-TA3 sp003053925
s__SZUA-451 sp015488875
s__CAG-390 sp024404665
s__Limivicinus sp946547105
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti_L
s__CAKPYT01 sp934203075
s__JAEUIT01 sp016795035
s__Saliterribacillus persicus
s__Actinacidiphila yeochonensis
s__Prevotella sp934120735
s__JAGQKC01 sp021604145
s__JACRFF01 sp016218005
s__UBA9959 sp016234365
s__Halocynthiibacter sp003031585
s__RGIG9287 sp017634155
s__Vescimonas sp934597585
s__Nocardia harenae
s__SM23-61 sp001304105
s__Catalinimonas niigatensis
s__GCA-002708315 sp016845105
s__UBA6821 sp002452515
s__Acidocella sp026224875
s__JAFGFJ01 sp016931155
s__Sphingomonas portus
s__Novosphingobium sp030696665
s__Sphingomonas sediminis
s__UBA5905 sp017440755
s__CALAYL01 sp947461105
s__CADCTB01 sp902805665
s__UBA5893 sp949295755
s__Mycoplasmopsis_A sturni
s__JAJRUE01 sp026989405
s__Streptomyces chumphonensis
s__Sphingomonas sp029239295
s__Caccenecus sp947628905
s__Prevotella sp900770515
s__Prevotella sp016287755
s__JABWCM01 sp013360285
s__Yoonia litorea
s__Pseudomonas_E sp001269805
s__Microbacterium sp030865425
s__Loktanella atrilutea
s__Pseudomonas_E sp004803755
s__UBA7377 sp002167365
s__JAUWYU01 sp030615655
s__JAGHAK01 sp021161565
s__Tranquillimonas alkanivorans
s__RGIG3701 sp030527105
s__Manganitrophus sp023248505
s__MWCJ01 sp029266015
s__Sphingopyxis sp030145715
s__JAGHBK01 sp021161025
s__UBA2241 sp029547745
s__Lactobacillus corticis
s__Binatus sp030646925
s__Casimicrobium sp016790165
s__MGBC108787 sp947632355
s__UBA998 sp002291925
s__CS2-K091 sp029858035
s__JAAYVF01 sp012517325
s__Acidovorax sp016783915
s__JAAZBQ01 sp012513725
s__JAAXWG01 sp013350285
s__Micromonospora echinofusca_A
s__SKGI01 sp007117555
s__JACRGL01 sp016212365
s__Teredinibacter haidensis
s__Ferruginibacter sp003455235
s__JAAGZL01 sp028278145
s__PLanc-01 sp018055905
s__JABWBZ01 sp019695335
s__Desulfocurvus sp023230885
s__Pontimonas sp024639925
s__Odoribacter sp002293375
s__Arsenicibacter rosenii
s__Pelagibacter sp902603665
s__DAOUZG01 sp030665705
s__01-FULL-45-15b sp001822655
s__Eubacterium_J sp947384955
s__CAIKMS01 sp903839465
s__Bosea sp001429505
s__UBA11704 sp027482685
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902616595
s__JAMWBQ01 sp023818995
s__UBA12014 sp002683215
s__Planktophila sp026392815
s__S010-17 sp026988075
s__SLMJ01 sp007123655
s__JAHCJI01 sp937899905
s__F0058 sp031260925
s__WRCH01 sp031254105
s__Saliniramus sp003567055
s__Desulfitibacter alkalitolerans
s__CAINMH01 sp009699315
s__J050 sp026985075
s__JAIRRR01 sp031255875
s__JANQSA01 sp028277085
s__Rhodopila sp937902425
s__Alkalicella caledoniensis
s__JAGOSC01 sp030429765
s__Shikimatogenerans bostrichidophilus_I
s__CAG-194 sp018917935
s__UBA4923 sp012798865
s__DULK01 sp902812385
s__CADEFD01 sp902826515
s__JACPVF01 sp016213105
s__Aureimonas sp913775355
s__UBA2834 sp946404545
s__UBA4719 sp003132125
s__JAEUJG01 sp029265615
s__JACCUZ01 sp030841195
s__Thiovibrio sp001799285
s__Rubrobacter_F sp902806065
s__GWA1-54-10 sp009691465
s__Leucobacter soli
s__CP2-2F sp025055255
s__SIG607 sp016295355
s__Limnohabitans_A sp005789685
s__CAIKZZ01 sp947455595
s__AG-337-I02 sp902618385
s__Brevibacterium sandarakinum
s__Nocardia testacea
s__WRJC01 sp009783265
s__Prevotella sp017623655
s__Streptosporangium amethystogenes
s__Faecousia sp017399325
s__Lachnoclostridium sp023457255
s__JACQQJ01 sp016207035
s__JAGOEF01 sp017994175
s__Avigastranaerophilus sp947589705
s__S016-19 sp027016315
s__JAHWKS01 sp963204915
s__JAGQXA01 sp020436865
s__JABDAI01 sp013289195
s__JAFGJQ01 sp016929015
s__Saccharospirillum impatiens
s__BNZN01 sp026001145
s__UBA1740 sp015065175
s__JACDEQ01 sp030854945
s__Allosphingosinicella sp019635535
s__Enteromonas sp017445245
s__JADJRI01 sp019636475
s__Terasakiispira papahanaumokuakeensis
s__RGUW01 sp016882285
s__Bradyrhizobium guangxiense
s__2-01-FULL-66-17 sp001803875
s__Pelagibacter sp902605865
s__Fuscibacter sp014859945
s__CAIUPE01 sp947374125
s__JAJTHY01 sp021298045
s__CANQBR01 sp947630795
s__Cryobacterium frigoriphilum
s__Corynebacterium sp902489365
s__JAJYOP01 sp028710385
s__YIM-152171 sp029211145
s__UBA4636 sp902767455
s__SYFI01 sp005800465
s__Sphingomonas tagetis
s__Psychrobacter sp030408035
s__VBAT01 sp014379965
s__VGOD01 sp016876015
s__Nitrotoga sp924101635
s__RUG11977 sp024693545
s__RFQD01 sp947454495
s__JAQGLW01 sp028292665
s__VGZC01 sp016872725
s__JAFGMS01 sp016927375
s__Chlorobium sp005843805
s__X156 sp004006015
s__Pelagibacter sp902589395
s__Kordiimonas sp021774775
s__UBA1997 sp030835745
s__JAGXHS01 sp024636075
s__Rheinheimera sp001513785
s__Campylobacter_D sp934718785
s__Novosphingobium sp025359445
s__Galligastranaerophilus sp944324895
s__Brenneria alni
s__LD21 sp003501665
s__Streptomyces sp029351045
s__Palsa-948 sp004297845
s__Fen-1231 sp026387915
s__Scybalousia sp946639185
s__JAAELT01 sp029263395
s__DFXE01 sp031280645
s__UBA5078 sp030654835
s__RGIG6307 sp021202575
s__Limivicinus sp030531585
s__Sphingorhabdus_B sp002299195
s__Sediminibacterium sp019247775
s__Ramlibacter sp014376915
s__Angelakisella sp937914895
s__JAHFIW01 sp023246195
s__UBA6118 sp002422525
s__Guyparkeria sp024635755
s__JAUWGC01 sp030606625
s__Phenylobacterium hankyongense
s__Limiplasma sp017938645
s__SM23-62 sp030589965
s__Mycobacterium sp020438895
s__JANQMY01 sp028279895
s__Collinsella sp902496005
s__Nitrosomonas sp022842015
s__Bacillus_Z methanolicus_B
s__Oscillochloris fontis
s__UBA9320 sp002746305
s__Alicyclobacillus acidocaldarius
s__UBA9145 sp022819645
s__Superficieibacter sp029319185
s__JANXAZ01 sp025999455
s__Metabacillus_B kandeliae
s__Rugosibacter sp004322535
s__WRMQ01 sp031268095
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp000634115
s__Bradyrhizobium sp000472425
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes_D
s__Monoglobus merdigallinarum
s__Rhodanobacter spathiphylli
s__UMGS1312 sp015065335
s__Streptomyces flavofungini_A
s__JACQRD01 sp016206675
s__Crocinitomix catalasitica
s__CABYJX01 sp029247075
s__Thiocapsa sp002423035
s__M2410 sp006226305
s__Ventricola sp017521565
s__Methylophaga lonarensis
s__JAABVY01 sp011056555
s__Streptomyces hainanensis
s__Selenomonas_A sp018052705
s__JACMRP01 sp016719575
s__JAHFOS01 sp023261545
s__Ruminococcus_E sp946187325
s__DAOVMD01 sp030630935
s__JABABD01 sp014238425
s__Mediterraneibacter sp949283695
s__Azovibrio sp031278735
s__UBA10197 sp003501255
s__Pirellula_B sp016872635
s__G020354025 sp020354025
s__Gloeocapsopsis crepidinum
s__Polaribacter sp029245665
s__CAG-273 sp944392465
s__JAPNUJ01 sp026627345
s__Enterovibrio calviensis
s__Phocaeicola plebeius_C
s__Sphingomonas sp014489075
s__GCA-2748575 sp002748575
s__JAQTPJ01 sp028712915
s__Pararhodobacter zhoushanensis_A
s__MedAcidi-G2B sp913052525
s__RUG11194 sp024427105
s__Pseudoalteromonas sp002964785
s__JAIBCD01 sp947475365
s__JAGQOI01 sp020427625
s__28-YEA-48 sp945903655
s__S145-28 sp027078365
s__Sediminibacterium sp938008665
s__GWA2-66-18 sp023249695
s__Flagellimonas algicola
s__Advenella sp023423975
s__JADZCW01 sp020850375
s__Collinsella sp959602645
s__JAOABC01 sp026418535
s__JAKQTR01 sp026393755
s__Sulfitobacter sp021735935
s__Arthrobacter_M sp030063245
s__Bradyrhizobium tropiciagri_A
s__SSS58A sp026387805
s__TMP-7 sp025353165
s__Wolbachia sp022836975
s__Acetatifactor sp947631615
s__JAIRNQ01 sp031278635
s__UBA3282 sp947243855
s__Nonomuraea rubra
s__CAG-533 sp947522695
s__Novosphingobium sp002556635
s__Diaminobutyricibacter tongyongensis
s__JABEVH01 sp013043915
s__Pelagibacter sp905612525
s__Mesobacillus sp018613155
s__MGBC163016 sp947565185
s__Marinomonas flavescens
s__Arcanobacterium_A pluranimalium
s__BB28 sp016744535
s__Pedobacter sp027213645
s__JAJZNL01 sp027371755
s__Tannerella sp031285685
s__JAHEOA01 sp018609825
s__JAAELQ01 sp024226515
s__Mycobacterium sp002723835
s__JABINC01 sp018697675
s__Collinsella sp959604825
s__Bifidobacterium longum_D
s__Mesorhizobium sp020164745
s__E44-bin46 sp030634425
s__UWPOB-MICAV1 sp017302165
s__JAHRAZ01 sp030621865
s__Coproplasma sp947245485
s__Blautia_A sp019419095
s__Alistipes sp017631285
s__JAMCZG01 sp023485715
s__Flagellimonas abyssi
s__JACQKD01 sp016204695
s__Micavibrio_A aeruginosavorus_A
s__JAIRNH01 sp031286325
s__Pelagibacter sp902539145
s__Arthrobacter_J sp947502645
s__JAHECQ01 sp937930655
s__Thiorhodospira sibirica
s__Aquimarina sp947498595
s__JALWFW01 sp027013865
s__Streptococcus mitis_E
s__Treponema_D sp905236465
s__Herbaspirillum sp002257565
s__JALOTU01 sp025457725
s__UBA8752 sp022428285
s__DULK01 sp012840385
s__Dysosmobacter sp944387055
s__HKCCE3408 sp015689705
s__Desulfobacula sp018812385
s__9FT-COMBO-42-15 sp001803815
s__UBA10438 sp947458785
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp947494305
s__JAMOQF01 sp027040585
s__Gallimonas sp947626685
s__JAIRKX01 sp031259225
s__UMGS1865 sp946615525
s__Luminiphilus sp943840615
s__Flavivirga sp030540825
s__CSBr16-110 sp007117775
s__Methylobacterium sp920984675
s__Streptococcus mitis_BI
s__OLB19 sp003245875
s__Xanthomonas floridensis
s__Mucilaginibacter sp028288305
s__CAMBTO01 sp030835405
s__Ruminococcus sp017460665
s__Flavobacterium sp943324925
s__CALGPD01 sp937960625
s__BNZI01 sp026000945
s__Neolewinella xylanilytica
s__RUG12867 sp944364705
s__CAJQLB01 sp030429955
s__UBA11490 sp934778125
s__RGIG8050 sp017537405
s__CAG-488 sp017379935
s__20CM-2-55-15 sp003223895
s__JAMCZT01 sp023485445
s__UBA953 sp009917805
s__Geobacillus stearothermophilus_A
s__UBA636 sp017418585
s__Caldora sp010672185
s__Ornithospirochaeta sp949283305
s__JAGYII01 sp913056275
s__JAHEEH01 sp024640835
s__CAG-269 sp944387445
s__JAJYNJ01 sp027457005
s__Fimivivens sp023395695
s__Bradyrhizobium sp003837805
s__Cognaticolwellia sediminilitoris
s__JAIRTD01 sp031268255
s__UBA3084 sp021159265
s__Photobacterium salinisoli
s__Erythrobacter sp002842735
s__Aliiroseovarius sp027891095
s__Bog-877 sp003133485
s__Prochlorococcus_A sp902558895
s__UBA877 sp017882065
s__JABACC01 sp014237915
s__Flavobacterium sp029960065
s__VMFF01 sp027348385
s__PHBP01 sp029567705
s__SZUA-544 sp003251175
s__Mucilaginibacter sp913773635
s__Epilithonimonas sp023448955
s__Carboxylicivirga mesophila
s__Boseongicola sp029287375
s__Alistipes sp022511295
s__RGIG4140 sp944392125
s__Tityobacter terrigena
s__MED-G107 sp004213155
s__JAHBYH01 sp019636035
s__JADYZN01 sp020853095
s__JAGQPK01 sp020426755
s__JAPLXL01 sp026396115
s__CALXXA01 sp949286465
s__CAIOGI01 sp030698965
s__JAGREQ01 sp020446465
s__Curtobacterium sp002412165
s__UBA11346 sp017302815
s__Leptospira_A kemamanensis
s__Scatosoma sp017482415
s__VKM-B-2647 sp000829455
s__JADJEK01 sp016795255
s__SXTU01 sp009695395
s__UBA974 sp027618855
s__Amycolatopsis albispora
s__Ramlibacter alkalitolerans
s__CF-46 sp013695505
s__Sporosarcina beigongshangensis
s__SG8-24 sp001303185
s__Pararheinheimera faecalis
s__WJMS01 sp020444475
s__Sphingobacterium haloxyli
s__AcAMD-5 sp016870575
s__M3007 sp023151335
s__Anaerobutyricum sp902796415
s__Qipengyuania sp019745075
s__RH-AL1 sp031291515
s__CG2-30-70-394 sp024278555
s__NBML01 sp018816605
s__Flavobacterium sp000264055
s__JAKVAV01 sp027214385
s__Bin94 sp028873815
s__Microbacterium allomyrinae
s__JACDCH01 sp013694495
s__Promicromonospora panici
s__Marinobacterium_D ramblicola
s__Parasphingorhabdus sp902506555
s__UBA2653 sp003489505
s__JADQBS01 sp016278535
s__Ga0077560 sp020848615
s__2-01-FULL-48-10 sp001817755
s__JAHOYX01 sp019038705
s__Bradyrhizobium macuxiense
s__Rhodopila sp031291715
s__Sediminibacterium sp903913355
s__Nitrogeniibacter sp018524365
s__JACOMS01 sp014238285
s__Luteolibacter yonseiensis
s__Chryseobacterium artocarpi
s__Kaistella suipulveris
s__Alteraurantiacibacter sp947493195
s__UBA8477 sp001872685
s__JAKPQD01 sp029572965
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis_H
s__Chryseobacterium sp022869225
s__QHYP01 sp003224195
s__Duodenibacillus sp019410445
s__JAALLB01 sp030065115
s__Eubacterium_Q sp024687845
s__UBA12465 sp029982795
s__Lactobacillus sp902491705
s__Paenibacillus_E whitsoniae
s__JALQTD01 sp023264155
s__S015-6 sp030145435
